You can't go wrong at The Mildred, the entire menu is terrific!  The chef is exceptionally talented and the service staff really go out of their way to make each customer feel welcome. Try the house cocktails, they are amazing. One meal at the Mildred will keep you coming back for more!our second time dining here and this venue, food, service, wine and ambiance don't disappoint.  the ox tail risotto and pan roasted scallops were winners for the first course.  for entrees, the bouillabaisse is amazing and the hangar steak was cooked to perfection.  i also had one of the best martinis in my life.  the wine list is complex but the sommelier took time to review with us in detail.  as for desserts, the chocolate cake? with toffee crumble was decadent.  with a roaring fire, huge gourds for fall decor and hand thrown ceramic plates, the mildred really sets themselves apart from an ambiance perspective. this is a great gem in a fantastic neighborhood for restaurants.  one not to be missed.We went there last night, a Thursday, most of the food was good including the Mildred Salad, Chicken and Biscuits, and Duck Pot Pie.  I did not enjoy my Oxtail Risotto.  I like risotto to be al dente, but the risotto I was served last night was so under-cooked it was crunchy.  The Oxtail was delicious.   
My major complaint from last night was the service.  Our server was almost completely absent.  It took her more than 15 minutes to return to our table after giving us menus to take our drink order and that was only after we asked her to.  15 minutes after delivering our drinks, she FINALLY came back to take our dinner order.  
Had she been more attentive, we'd have ordered more drinks and food. 
We were distracted through our whole meal because of the lack of service. It almost ruined my experience. 
I will go likely go back to this restaurant, but I will only sit at the bar from now on.The food here was absolutely delicious... But with a mostly empty restaurant it's confusing why things took as long as they did. And most importantly, for so much $$ how is it possible that the portions are so tiny. I literally left hungry. And it plays itself like a local gastropub but no local is going to be a regular at a restaurant where the tiny Cesar salad is $10 and a breast of chicken with 5 carrots is $22. If they took themselves a bit less seriously and increased portions or lowered the price this would be great!I was so impressed with the Mildred that I had to join Yelp! just to share. I went here for brunch. The staff was gracious, kind and attentive; the food was incredible, and the ambiance was unmatched. You feel like you are on a getaway in aspen and no longer in South Philly. I could have stayed there all day. More people should go, though it may get too crowded, which would ruin it! I wish much success on this little treasure.Had a wonderful meal last night at the Mildred.  Everything was very well thought out from the wine list (which had my favorite spanish white, tzakoli) to the portion size which enables you to order and app and entree without being overly filled, to the variety of foods and flavors, to the service. I thought the prices were very reasonable for this caliber of food. A welcome addition the the neighborhood!Let's face it. Mildred sounds like an old smelly great aunt's name (no, just me?) Despite the name, this Mildred cooks up a delicious dinner.
My college roommate drops in from time to time and she loves food as much as I do, so I always have to pick a good restaurant that we both haven't tried whenever she comes in. Having flopped the last two times she came to visit, I needed a sure thing, and the Mildred has been on my to-do list for while after it was recommended as a graduation dinner spot. Reading Vinny P and Cat D's reviews sealed the deal. We went, we ate, and were very pleased. Finally, a win!
Cute, casual atmosphere, and good service. Warning: tables can be a bit close (hey old guy, stop staring at my food, weirdo. I know it looks good but c'mon.) Also, we had to ask to have our water refilled a million times (we were thirsty) and I'm a big proponent of the great-service-means-ninja-waiters -refill-your-glass-without-you-noticing school of thought.
We are those kind of 20 somethings waiters hate because we just felt like ordering a few plates to share and no drinks or dessert because we were going to be doing some drinking later. They didn't seem to annoyed though. Here's what we ordered and thought:
--Squid stuffed with summer ratatouille with ink mayo-really delicious, lovely presentation and interesting flavor, but kind of small.
--Prawn ragout-we were not fans of this and I would not recommend it. The taste and texture were off, odd, and generally just not great.
--Duck with beets and onions- this was delicious, a large portion, and the highlight of the meal. Juicy, tender, flavorful, and I would definitely recommend.
--Vegetable of the day was romanesco (we'd never heard of it either) which is like a cauliflower-type deal-really good.
As Art E. commented on my check-in: I [also] think Philadelphia is sleeping on the Mildred. Wake up, Philly! This place is a gem, and you'll be able to get a table (and a delicious meal) on a Saturday night! They also have a $45 tasting menu and a $38 Sunday night dinner. They are also having a 1 year anniversary dinner with drinks for $55 soon.Delicious!  My gal pal E and I finally made our way here.  We sort of created our own "tasting" menu.  We went with stuffed squid, spicy veal meatballs, wheat chitarra with pork ragu and grouper.  The chitarra was the star of the show along with pork ragu. We asked for extra bread to mop up the ragu.  The grouper was just ok but the mushrooms were tasty.  Reasonable prices.  Super friendly staff.  Creative drink menu, I tried Mr. Mr. so refreshing, bourbon with basil and bitters. It's funny when I walked it felt familiar and sure enough the Mildred is the previous home of James on 8th. I will definitely be back.Many times I yelp I wish there were a half star option. This is one of those times. The Mildred's menu, decor, food, and drink selection definitely deserve a 4. But the service--both when busy as well as when woefully slow--leaves much to be desired.
The first time I came was for happy hour. And what a deal. Excellent food and drinks at reasonable prices. Everyone must know this because it was packed. I chalked up the laughably slow, and I-couldn't-give-shit-about-you service to the volume. Though while there was no time to serve us there was plenty to consort with fellow staff.
Despite that the chicken and biscuits was amazing, the drinks were good and strong and I didn't yelp, determined to give it another shot when they could redeem themselves.
I did this for Saturday brunch. We were literally two of six people there. Despite that, service was still slow and unengaged. Example: my friend ordered tea. It took 10 minutes. When he server brought it, he poured it, already steeped. Which explains why it took that long. He did not, however, leave the teapot (tea was $4 for one small cup) or bring sugar or cream. Nor did he offer any. Nor did he come back.
Considering we were one of three tables, our food took a really long time. But we kind of expected that at this point. What I did get, though, a pasta with kielbasa dish, was plentiful and delicious, as well as reasonably-priced. 
Overall I really like the food, so If it's close and convenient for you, it could be worth checking out, but be sure to budget plenty of time if you go.By far The Best food in Philadelphia. Every dish is prepared with absolute perfection by the chefs at The Mildred. Every detail is perfect...every dish is delicious!! The staff is wonderful and attentive. Great! I have dined at many restaurants in Philadelphia, but this is certainly the best food and service in the city. Wow, I am awed each time.I've been here 3 times, and The Mildred is 3 for 3!
I went for brunch the first two times, and tried dinner with my parents the third time!
Both brunches were outstanding... the first time I had some type of apple pancake, which I think was replaced with a lemon pancake, and the second time I had the duck benedict... delicious! My friend's boyfriend could not stop raving about his baked eggs dish!
Anyway, dinner was superb as well.
My mom and I tried the house punch, which was the perfect balance for me... I could taste the alcohol but not enough that it was too strong, yet I felt a little buzz after just one! She felt a buzz about half way through but I always joke with her that she's a lightweight! 
They asked if we'd like to sample something they might try for spring... it was raw fluke with a blood orange vinaigrette (or something like that) and pieces of blood orange! SO SO GOOD! I hope they do put it on the menu!
We had the mushroom app (which I ordered and my dad mostly devoured) & the mackerel shared app, which was probably my least favorite dish but still good! 
My dad and I did the bouillabaisse for two and my mom had the short rib. I've never had bouillabaisse & I thought it was really tasty. It didn't look like it would be filling to me, but I was wrong! 
Now that short rib entree... OMG. I think that was one of the best beef dishes I've ever had IN MY LIFE! 
I do like beef and mashed potatoes, but The Mildred had a different spin on it with a house-made pasta tube that swirled around the beef and had a homemade cheese sauce... like gourmet mac n cheese! Delicious!
Lastly... desserts!
A chocolate cake with mint ice cream that my dad and I did the fake fight over. It was SO rich, but not sickeningly sweet! And a rhubarb crumble that my mom enjoyed!
If I could describe our experience in a phrase,  it would be "Real food."
It sounds stupid, but I can't explain it any other way... the sauces, the combinations of flavors... they aren't anything you'd find on allrecipes! 
Everything just tasted like it was made in an old-fashioned way that no one has time for anymore... I mean that in a good way.
Like boxed mac n cheese versus homemade mac n cheese that your grandmother made every Thanksgiving! 
I will definitely be back to try their spring menu! :)I'm really surprised there's any positive reviews for this place. It's baffling!
We were a party of 4 on a Saturday night. Firstly the menus they have online are not what's on offer. The wine list is almost non existent and the dinner menu is approx 50% less in reality. We queried this and were told the wine was sold off to buffer a slow summer (???). The service was super slow with empty plates being left on the table far past an acceptable amount of time. Trying to order a second drink was difficult but ordering a second bottle of the red was impossible due to them actually having none left! One course I ordered was the prawn ragu which consisted of two prawns.... I could go on.
Take my advice and skip this one. There's way too many nice restaurants in Philly to waste your time here.as someone else said in the reviews, on paper this place looks fantastic. in real life not so good.
I have been wanting to try this place out for a long time, especially the Bouillabaise. Went to the price fix dinner with another couple and ordered two of everything. The appitizers were really good. The lamb chop was good. But the Bouillabaise was very disappointing. Serving it in a castiron pot and pouring the broth over it is cute, but that's about it. Disserts was another disappointment. A lemond tard and a little donut. Come on, I didn't pay $$$ to get a donut for dessert.My sister and I perused the best brunches in Philadelphia list, and we really wanted to love The Mildred. Unfortunately, this place is mediocre at best.
Let's start with the quality of service: terrible. We came in around 12:30 on Saturday, and the restaurant was almost completely empty. There were two other groups, approximately 10 people in the restaurant. We did not get our entree until after 1:30 PM. It took ages between every coffee refill and every water refill. I have no idea what the servers were doing, but they spent a lot of time chatting at the bar.
Then, there was the food. We started with a salad, which while fresh and reasonably good, was tiny. We also got two of their "soon-to-be-world-famous" biscuits. I don't know why they think these are so special. They were good, sure, but not worth 3 bucks a pop. 
I had the french toast - sweet and rich. Slightly burnt, but not too bad. A little too much sugar if you are not someone who loves sweets for brunch. I did enjoy it, and I was pretty full. My sister had the omelet special. It was over salted, slightly overcooked - just lacking in fluffiness. My sister ate less than a 3rd, and when the waitress asked if she like it, my sister could not even lie. It wasn't horrible, again, just not worth it. 
Overall, this place is just not worth the exorbitant cost. The food is halfway decent, but in a city like Philadelphia, with many better options on the block, The Mildred is not a great choice.Went with a party of five for dinner.  The name may conjure a vision of a small, hole-in-the-wall place, but the location is fairly large and opened recently.  Everything we had was great, from the preparations to the freshness of the food.  The pasta w/ shrimp ragout was a standout for me, as I'd not ever had a red sauce that was so intensely flavored with shrimp.  It was very good.  The "vertical roasted" chicken was also expertly prepared, flavorful, and not dry at all.  My girlfriend and I shared a clafoutis for dessert, which was something you don't see on a menu very often.  The service was good, though we had to ask for butter a number of times; they bring one large pat in a dish, and it just wasn't enough.  You'd think the server would have figured that out after the second request.  ;)
I'd recommend the Mildred; definitely a winner and I'll be going back.Maybe two stars is a little harsh, but "meh. I've experience better" is pretty much what I was left with after a recent brunch at Mildred. Brunch is a staple in my weekly rotation, the weekend wouldn't be complete without it. Breakfast? You got it. Lunch? You got it. Booze before noon? No brainer. 
Because Mildred is close to my abode and because it's been on the short list of places to try for awhile, when the invitation was extended to have brunch with a few of my favorite Yelpers I didn't hesitate to say yes to the meet up. Aside from the rambunctious child or two, the restaurant was pretty quiet for 11:30 on a Sunday morning, but decided not to think much of it. Our waitress was friendly enough in describing a few questions we had regarding fancy menu words like bottarga and trotter. She was quite persistent that we place an order of biscuits prior to our meal and so we agreed and chowed down on what would end up being the best part of our meal while sipping on a few brunchy cocktails. Notice I said that the biscuits were the best part of our meal? Ok, that might be a slight exaggeration because the side of slab bacon we ordered to split was pretty good too but come on, it's bacon.
See, here's the problem I have when a meal goes south...when you're focused more on what the tab was than the quality of meal you just consumed, you know you didn't have a great time. Myself and Aaliyah P. both ordered the baked eggs which upon delivery looked phenomenal and smelled nice and fishy as we were informed that bottarga is fish roe. The baked eggs were also supposed to include truffle, but there wasn't any hint of any scent or taste to indicate that it had made it into the skillet. Zachary H. was a little dismayed by the portion size for the price of the menu items and out of sympathy we offered him the last of the bacon because a growing boy needs his swine. Our meal was underseasoned to the point that we actually asked for salt, something I hardly ever do at a restaurant. 
When the check arrived, at least one item was rung up for a higher price tag than the menu indicated but was quickly taken care when brought to the attention of the waitress and it turns out that the biscuits were never charged on the bill so I guess there's a silver lining to the meal. Would I rush back for another meal? Probably not immediately. For as many brunch spots that I have on my radar, I'm flying by the "one and done" mentality. Maybe one day I'll be back, but I'd order with caution going forward.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I don't think you could say a single bad thing about this place. I have always had a love for family style eating and that is exactly what my group did. Between the 5 of us, we ordered the following (and I would order the same in a heartbeat):
-Smoked Veal Meatballs with Baked Polenta
-Braised Chicken and Herb Biscuits
-Spaetzle Gratin with Chantrelles and Escarole 
-Confit Potato Stuffed with Braised Trotter
-Prawn Ragout Bucatini and Tomato
-Braised Short Rib with Broiled Parmesan Macaroni
-Vertical Roasted Chicken with Chantrelles and Carrots
-Smoked Duck with Neck Canenelloni and Beets
-Beet Salad
-Potato Puree
-Baked Polenta
-Brussel Sprouts with Bacon and Cherries
-Baked-to-Order Clafoutis with Plums
Besides the food, the drinks were also top-notch. Being from Chicago, I appreciated seeing Goose Island Brewery on the menu. As far as mixed drinks, I ordered the "Mr. Mister" and a couple of my friends ordered the "Here's to You". We had nothing to say but great things to say about those as well.
Lastly, I apologize if I am not exactly painting words with my descriptions, just know that we were very impressed with our experience and will be coming back soon! I would like to also say thank you the owners of The Mildred for being so accommodating to our group as we came in with quite a large party. We were uncertain about the final number of guests we would have, but they made everything easy for us and worked to set things up as we all came in.This was our second time there and it was great.  I had the duck which was amazing...everyone was really thrilled with what they ordered too.   Service was terrific.  
Make it a point to make a reservation.First of all, you should know that I am a diner person. My favorite food is grilled cheese sandwiches. Some might call me classless, but I like comfort food and comfortable surroundings. I avoid places like the Mildred.
Now that being said, I had a great time here on Friday night. My boyfriend and I showed up for an 8:00 reservation and were seated immediately. Our server came immediately over to bring us water and introduce herself. At this point, I was pretty tipsy from a spontaneous Devil's Den trip and wearing a loose sweatshirt, jeans, and moccasins. My hair was all over the place. Our server was beyond nice and didn't make us feel like idiots for googling half the words on the menu. (Confit? Clafoutis? Cocottes?) Her timing was perfect and I never found myself waiting for anything.
The menu was so overwhelming that we decided to splurge and get the four-course tour. The first dish was a bowl of alternating hot and sweet peppers. My boyfriend has a high spice tolerance and mine is low, so he devoured the peppers while I gulped water and panted like an idiot. The chef came out and commiserated. The waitress brought over some bread and shot me a pitying glance. The next course was sweetbread, sweet onions and plums. After googling "sweetbread" we were a little hesitant, but the dish was perfect - a little sweet, just a bit crunchy. 
Before we were quite finished we got the next course, prawns with mussels and squid-ink pasta. The mussels were on par. The prawns were tender and seasoned well. I do wish the pasta hasn't been quite so fishy, but the fish taste was slight  - I'm just not a huge seafood person. 
Earlier in the evening, I tentatively asked the server what would be on the tasting menu, since I am not a huge fan of red meat. While it was still cooking, the server brought out the chicken they were replacing the beef with for us. I thought that was a really nice touch. When we got the chicken it was accompanied by chanterelle mushrooms and charred onions. SUPERB. The meat was moist and the chicken had an ultra thin crispy layer. It was a little saltier than it could have been, but we devoured this dish, even though we were verging on uncomfortably full. 
Last, our server brought us the clafoutis with plums and a house-made whipped cream for dessert. Oh my God. My boyfriend and I were still looking sadly at the empty dish when the chef came out again to see how we liked the meal. 
The tasting menu was $45 pp, but completely worth it. A great way to be introduced to a new spot.It was our first visit to the Mildred.  We ordered three appetizers and two mains (one being the boullebaisse for two).  Our food was extremely good, although fancier than we expected, which was a little disappointing.  We were hoping the Mildred would be more of a neighborhood place.  Instead, although the ambiance is casual and the staff were dressed in something that seems to be country chic(?) the food was decidedly high end. As a result the portions were annoyingly small. 
The biggest problem with the Mildred is the service. I want to note that all of our servers were extremely nice, just inefficient.  For example, our main server asked us for our drink order two times within the first 5 minutes after we were seated, despite us specifically asking for more time to read the one drink menu the three of us were expected to share (I hate it when restaurants only provide one drink menu), but then she did not come back for fifteen minutes.  
For the remainder of the night, she was never prompt about asking if we would like to refresh our drinks and our drinks would be empty for at least 10 minutes before someone would ask if they could get us something.  Both times she did ask if we would like drinks, one member of our party was in the bathroom and when we did order a drink it took more than 20 minutes to receive them.  
Second, we had so much trouble getting bread, it just boggles the mind.  Our server forgot to bring us bread, which had been provided to all the other patrons. We requested some.  We requested bread again when our appetizers arrived.  It didn't come.  We requested it a third time and we received some bread -- which was delicious.  When we ordered our mains, my friend asked that additional bread be brought with our boullebaisse so we could dip it in the broth.  Again, it didn't come.  We asked again --and instead of bringing the nice loaf that they provided us earlier in the evening, we were brought a few slices of some other bread, that was not nearly as nice.  My friend explained that this was unacceptable and finally we received the bread we requested. 
My point is that the food at Mildred was very good -- but we kind of had to fight to get the dinner we wanted -- which was frustrating.  The Mildred is too expensive to require the patrons to do so much work to be served.  Perhaps the service issues will improve overtime as this is a fairly new restaurant.Finally had a fabulous dinner here the other night since my previous visits to this spot were strictly for drinks.  Our waiter was exceptional and was very good at telling us what was in each dish.  The trotter was not my favorite because the texture felt off to me, but the taste of it was still quite delicious.  The confit potatoes that went with it were stellar.  I also had the wild-caught striped bass, which was very flavorful and the presentation was lovely.  My significant other went with the roasted chicken and was not disappointed.  The setting for us during the weekday was very intimate, but I can't attest to what kind of crowds/noise you'll find on weekends.  I really enjoyed my meal here, but the only downside is that it was a little pricey.  While I don't think I'll ever be a regular, I do know that I've officially rolodexed this place in my brain; perhaps visits here and there can be arranged.I really enjoyed dinner here.  We had the perfect portions - the corn soup was excellent, but a little salty for my taste, but I was ok all the way up until the last few spoonfuls.  Husband and I split a second course and both got entrees and dessert.  I really enjoyed the cocktail menu.  What made the whole experience was the staff was very kind with having my one year old daughter.  She's at a stage where she likes to throw food on the floor (and her toys), which the staff kindly picked up.  And since I forgot her sippy cup, they even had one for her there.  We will definitely be back, with my daughter.This place is phenomenal.  
The Mildred is doing everything right, and perfectly embodies what a great neighborhood restaurant ought to be.  Stick this place on a leafy street in Barcelona, where it would be right at home, and you'd be fighting Messi for a spot at the bar.  
The Food:
The food is exceptional, among the best in the city, and is served in beautiful cast iron dishes.  
I hate categorizing food as much as I hate neighborhood neologisms (Nosofro=North of South Front Street, etc.), and I'm benighted enough to still prefer drinking beer and wine to talking about them, but for me The Mildred serves brilliantly conceived and executed comfort food (think the best cassoulet you've had in your life, although even that doesn't do justice to just how inventive the food is).  
Sean, at the bar, also seems very knowledgeable.  
The Atmosphere (The People):
This is the most welcoming, friendly restaurant in Philly.  I honestly don't know how they strike the perfect balance.  They're friendly, without being fake, fawning, or inappropriate.  They're just really, really nice, and seem genuinely glad to see you.  Michael, the co-owner and manager, and Alyssa deserve to be singled out for praise in this respect.  
My only suggestion would have been to work on the happy hour music, but the last time I was there, they were playing James Brown (go on, with your bad self...Mildred [maybe it's Millie during happy hour, like bad Millie Jackson]), so that was a huge improvement in terms of energy.  My middle-aged ass was prolly two drinks shy of requesting the Beatnuts, so y'all dodged a disreputable bullet there.  The right soundtrack would take their happy hour over the top.  As is, it's one of the best values in the city.  
The Atmosphere (The Physical Space):
Exposed brick over the bar, beautifully blue-tiled bathrooms, and...colors.  They have...colors.  I'm (clearly) terrible at noticing, describing, or remembering colors, but I think the color scheme is warm but dark.  My wife says I can't make a 'like your mama' joke here because it would detract from the gravitas of the color scheme.            
Service:
Service is friendly, informed, and attentive.  Whenever we've had questions about a dish, the servers have been quick to get back to us with an answer from the kitchen.  The kitchen, by the way, is very accommodating.  If they're packed on a Saturday night, the service can be just a tad on the slow side, but that's probably not a bad thing (it suggests your food is actually being cooked, as opposed to thrown together with corners cut).  If it's a busy time, give yourself enough of a window, have a drink, and relax.       
All in all, this is an outstanding restaurant, our favorite place in Philly.  
In Conclusion:
You go to your girl's house, and I'll go to mine, 
Cause my girl is definitely mad cause it took me too long to write this review...
Yo Eli, turn the bass down, and let the beat keep on rockin'.
And we outta here.  
Yo, what happened to peace?  
Peace 
(with apologies to Eric B & Rakim)My meal at The Mildred was very enjoyable.  I really think this restaurant has come into its own and is hopefully here to stay.
We arrived for our reservation and were seated promptly.  Since my previous visits were for drinks, I started with a cocktail (something with gin, it was delicious) and we ordered the trotter as an appetizer.  I loved the confit potatoes and the trotter was really tender and very flavorful.
I opted for the chicken and boudin sausage for my main.  While chicken and sausage is not a new combination, this dish really blew me away.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and straddled that fine line by having both crispy skin and tender meat.  The boudin (blanc) was rich yet not heavy.  I was able to eat the entire dish without feeling overly full afterward.
From service, to decor to food, this place really nailed it.  I'll be back.The Mildred is a great place.  Their focus is clearly on high-quality cuisine with their ridiculous recently rebuilt kitchen.  Everything is served in cast iron cookware, a very nice touch. I honestly have not had anything there I did not like.  Tried their Head Cheese special the other day, they brought out the entire side of a pig's head for presentation to show how they make it, and served it seared warm - probably the best I have ever had.  The  Chef is clearly very talented and it shows in their attention to detail and quality.  Very very nice decor, almost like a Aspen ski-lodge feel.  Exposed beams and brick, fireplace for the winter.  The bar is super nice, long with tons of seats.  They make some very nice cocktails and have a reasonably priced wine list.  Very much enjoy going here as the menu prices are also reasonable and it's close to where I live.  The Brunch is great - maybe could add a few items there but it's on point one of my favorite brunch spots.  They took over from the old James - rip-off city and have exceeded my expectations.
Go and eat there you won't be disappointed!What a gem - glad we stopped in! Service and food were all A+. 
Recommend: the homemade bread and truffle butter,  Chicken & Biscuits, Endive gratin, a glass of the "11 pinos" bobal old vine.
Gave it a 4 because the whole wheat pasta dish (that we subbed out buccatini for) was a little salt heavy. 
Will return!Food was good but not outstanding. Server was nice but service was slow. We spent long minutes with an empty table btwn courses. Maybe they had some problem in the kitchen bc server apologized several times.Had my birthday dinner there Friday night with my family.  The restaurant is beautiful, service and suggestions by Ashley made for a great night.  The food was delicious.  Some highlights; scallop appetizer, mushroom appetizer, the duck, the short ribs and the rib eye steak.  Wonderful wine pairings suggested by Ashley.  And fabulous desserts.  All in all a great place to celebrate a special event.All I can say is that the Chicken and Biscuits are BEYOND. I cannot wait to go back. Nice wine selection by the glass (yay:). Dominic, behind the bar, is experienced, knowledgeable and a total pleasure.Like many other reviewers, I was so excited for this place.  It looked warm and inviting, and I was looking forward to a great neighborhood place.
We went twice and sat at the bar both times.  The first visit yielded salty, unimaginative, overpriced food.  Drinks were hard to come by (even water)---even though we were seated at the bar. Given that they had just opened, we didn't make a big deal of it.  So, we went back a couple weeks later and decided to just get drinks.  After waiting 15 minutes for any acknowledgement, we decided to go with wine thinking that a cocktail might take too long.  Nope. We waited approximately 30 minutes for a glass of wine even though there were two bartenders, one of which was  frantically running around and the other just talking away.
Water service was barely apparent and even the check took too long to process.  After the longest glass of wine ever, we've decided to move on to other places.  I don't understand why the bar can't handle its crowd.  If you go to other bars like Rex and Southwark, you will see one bartender easily handling the drinks in a relaxed manner.  Mildred is just one big disappointment.We did the "chef tasting" and were very pleased.  All the dishes had great flavor, were interesting and plentiful.  The wine paring was good, but the food was great!Unfortunately, my experience here was totally tainted by a horrible waiter- and I mean HORRIBLE. He was unable to answer any questions about the menu. There are small plates, pastas and larger plates. I asked how people normally ordered, how big the small plates and pastas were. His answer- small plates are small, big plates are bigger.
We had two orders of the special salad, a quinoa and citrus mix that was delicious and a beet and goat cheese salad. For entrees my husband got the vertical chicken since I had read a bunch of good reviews. We were totally disappointed. It was just a few small pieces of chicken in the cast iron skillet. I got the chicken and dumplings, they were fine, but nothing to write home about and frankly, over salted. The other couple for the burger and the short rib pasta. My friend asked for ketchup to go with her burger and they were out!! Who runs out of ketchup???
I may consider going back if someone really wanted to, but certainly would not do so on my own accord.I was here for a relaxing evening the other night and had a great time and a great meal.  The dining room is warm and inviting, a very relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.  The lights and music are moderately low, and the staff is extremely knowledgeable about both the food and the drinks, and how they go together.  My sister and I arrived early, so we took a seat at the bar and got the bartender's input on the menu and the wine list.  All great recommendations.  We had the pork trotter and the special, lentil stew.  Both were excellent.  Then we sat and had the chicken with biscuits, sort of a deconstructed pot pie, which was piping hot and perfectly seasoned.  The biscuits were definitely the star.  The al dente veg provided a good textural contrast.  For entrees we split the signature bouillabaise for two and the Turbot.  The bouillabaise was AMAZING with an incredible presentation, and the Turbot was almost perfect, save a few bones in the fish.  Santoro exercises a very deft hand balancing subtle flavors here, nothing is too loud but everything is in perfect balance.  Finally for desert we had a lemon tart and piping hot chocolate cake served in a pot.  Perfect ending.  With the help of good company, two hours flew by, and at no point did I feel rushed.  I'll be back. if you haven't been, go.This is a great new place! We had a delicious meal. The scallop app was very creative and very tasty. The beef rib and barley app was also very good. I had a hangar steak and my wife had quail both of which were cooked to perfection. I'm not a real dessert person but the chocolate cake and ice cream was also very good. The entrees were served in cast iron pans, keeping the meal warm throughout - a nice touch. The room is very nicely done with a real fireplace which was a treat on a cold night. Nice bar too.  I thought the prices were very reasonable for the high quality of the food. We will certainly be back.
My only suggestion: I would offer the same advice that Sean Parker allegedly gave to Mark Zuckerberg -Lose the 'The'    
Just   'Mildred'Big disappointment! The food was distinctly average, which for above average prices and very limited decor doesn't bode well for the future of this newly opened restaurant.
Granted that they may still be ironing out a few problems, but waiting 30+ minutes between courses, having to beg for a bread plate and cutlery, plus a snarky server who didn't want to listen to who ordered what didn't help the situation. 
For appetizers , the pig trotter, veal terrine and salad were horrible. The only dish worth eating was the celery root soup (which was pretty good and well presented). For entrees we tried the Bratwurst, Scallops, Blade of Beef, and Short Rib with Pasta. Not one of them was better than average, and certainly didn't make any of us sit up and say 'wow". I also wouldn't call four Lima beans a salad. 
We ordered 3 chocolate cakes and a caramel apple pie for dessert to cover eight of us. Again, nothing special - and the sides of ice cream and caramel were very very small.
Two special notes. First, the bartender is very friendly and willing to make drinks up on the spot for you. Second, being in South Philly, parking is all on the street and very limited (no valet) so be prepared to drive on the hunt for a space.
Total cost per couple, with a few drinks, was $130.
Bottom line. Very disappointing and we won't be back.Good food, although small portions.  Attentive wait staff.  Found the interior a bit sterile...felt as if I was in some church event room where tables had been set-up for a dinner.  
Overall didn't knock my socks off but worth a visit for the unique menu combinations.Definitely a good, low-key brunch spot.  We had a reservation, but didn't really need one (although I'm guessing this place will be packed in no time for brunch).  The baked eggs and biscuit were great, but the kicker was the ricotta pancakes.  Will be returning soon hopefully.Had a great experience here on a first post-baby date night out. From the minute we stepped in, the staff was attentive and friendly.The space is gorgeous and relaxing, and in the future I'd make sure to come earlier than the reservation to stop at the bar first. 
Starting with drinks, the old fashioned they made was excellent...super tasty, and a very unique beer list to go with the cocktails as well. Starters were the celery and apple soup with apple fritters and chicken and dumplings (served in a cast iron pan). Both delicious and super savory. For main course we had the short rib served over super long macaroni, and the stuffed quail on top of lentils. SOOO GOOD.
At least for this menu (I assume it's going to be seasonal) I can't wait to come back in cold weather because everything just felt so cozy and satisfying. Great job taking over the space of the former restaurant and making it their own.I returned with my foodie-group.  Michael Santora created an amazing meal for 21 foodies.  We had the best time on a sunday night while 4 courses of wonderful food came out to us and the result was everyone leaving in bliss!  The concept he had was a medieval dinner with contemporary touches.
Highlights to the meal he created:
Braised Cockscomb with barley risotto and celery root: this was fun and adventurous but honestly anything he put on his heavenly light risotto would've been great.  It had layers of flavor that made the mouth sing.
Fish Pie with the most perfect flakey heavenly crust.  Again, flavors that swam together to make me remember the feeling for days.
Hot -pot baby lamb with turnips: this reminded me of something I enjoyed in France recently so I can see the chef's influence and expertise.  It was simply wonderful with a  rich and savory yet still light broth that made this stew-like dish feel perfect as a 3rd course.
Lastly, the meal closed with Classic apple pie with royal dough, cinnamon ice cream, & streusel.  Freshly baked and still warm, extra slices were left out for some of the more indulgent members of the group to revisit.  This guy knows how to do crust!
See a more detailed account at: http://foodie-group.blogspot.com/2013/10/foodie-18-mildred.htmlWe love to stop in at this restaurant to sit at the bar and sip wine while eating dinner, or sometimes just apps and dessert. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere cozy, and the food is great.
We have tried and enjoyed the following dishes: salt cod croquettes, salads, duck confit baked mac and cheese, fish stew, split pea soup, lamb, steak, and various types of fish. No complaints.
Chocolate torte with bacon ice cream? All I can say is: YUM!
We haven't tried their brunch yet, but I'm sure we will soon.I am in LOVE with this place!
Everything about the Mildred is perfect.  Brunch is delicious, and the service is friendly and genuine.  I am slowly working my way through the menu, and I have yet to try anything that was not stellar.  My favorites so far are the ricotta pancake and baked eggs.  I could go on for hours about the biscuits alone, which are perfection.  The coffee is delicious, and is served in a beautiful cast-iron coffee pot.  The place is gorgeous, and everything is served beautifully, on cast-iron pans or lovely ceramic plates.  Even the bathrooms are lined in gorgeous blue tiles.
All around, this place is fantastic!I had been wanting to try The Mildred for a little while now and after looking over the menu I thought it would be the perfect place to take my family out to dinner. Upon arriving, we were all a little put off by the fact that on Sundays they ONLY offer the tasting menu. We had all assumed the tasting menu would be in addition to the a la carte menu There were very few choices and for a 6 person table, it left a little to be desired. Between the 6 of us, we ended up getting everything on the menu, and everything was great! From the fresh baked potato bread,the cocktails, the apps, the entrees, up until dessert; everything was perfect. The chef even brought us out a special dessert course that he was "working on" and even that was great.I had a great meal at the Mildred. I usually like to eat at a place more than once before reviewing here on yelp, however this was a night I had the opportunity to try so much and love it all.  As a group of 7, my friends and I had a nice round table in the back where we could enjoy ourselves and not risk disturbing anyone.  In fact, it was quiet on this mid-summer Wednesday night.  Most diners were at tables on the sidewalk enjoying the extraordinary weather, but we had a great time inside.
The special cocktails were enjoyable and the atmosphere improved since it was the popular "James".  The layout is more comfortable.
Four of my friends opted for a special tasting menu, which was heavy on the cochon (pork) but I really wanted to try as much of the regular menu and find out what this restaurant really is.  I was not disappointed.
The creamy corn bisque with crab meat was incredible to start off with. Everyone had a taste as it was passed around and all of us loved it.  My second dish was the Stuffed Squid, summer ratatouille in black ink mayo.  I loved this and want to have it again, soon! 
Since I was sharing so many other dishes with friends, I opted for a pasta dish rather than an entree.  The Prawn Ragout was incredibly flavorful.  There were layers of flavors Im still thinking about. 
My friends ordered lots of stuff, the vegetarian baked rice with charred onion entree stood out as surprisingly great.  Another friend ordered a special of Smoked Duck Breast.  That dish was heaven.  
In the end, all the various dishes, including great desserts (OMG coffee cream filled puffs and the Clafoutis with raspberries were DIVINE!) we all agreed the meal was completely enjoyable.  
I'm really happy this place exists and plan to return soon.After seeing the initial reviews that were exceedingly positive and then the backlash against them that resulted, I was skeptical about my meal at The Mildred. 
But I think that the reviews got it wrong. This is neither a place with bad service nor a place with incredible food. It's very good, but with many other options to choose from that doesn't quite cut it in Philly these days. 
I found Mildred to have very good service, a very nice bouillabaisse, good wine selection and ok dessert. Best part is that it wasn't crowded on a Saturday night. 
Worth trying once, not the kind of place I'd make part of my regular list of best restaurants in the city.Nice service, beautiful space but tiny portions. I went for brunch savored my three bites of chicken and biscuits and went to El Rey an hour later for a properly sized meal.Last evening was my second visit to The Mildred; about six months after my first.  In summary, I was a bit disappointed this time around for a few reasons.  Read on!
We arrived to what I was surprised to see as a fairly empty dining room, and only a few people at the bar.  It was the first really nice night, and our server said it was busier earlier, so it's possible folks were out enjoying the weather.  We were seated next to an obnoxiously loud group of three couples, and asked our server to move to a quieter table.  She was happy to do so; our new table was in a quiet corner, the only problem was that the lighting was so bad I needed to use the candle on the table to read the menu, and could barely see my food.  Not much that could be done, as I didn't want to ask to be moved a second time.  Definitely need to look at the lighting a bit, as it was far less than romantic and squarely in the "dark cave" category.  
My GF ordered the pasta rags, which are basically a hand-torn pasta, with a creamy cheese sauce, we shared the braised chicken and biscuits, and I had the fish stew for my entree.  The food was well prepared with the exception of one theme in all three dishes:  excessive salt.  The pasta was passable, but the chicken and fish stew were very heavily salted, so much that I really couldn't finish the fish broth after eating the proteins and vegetables.  Both dishes would be above average had it not been for the salt that made them borderline.  
We did mention this to our server, who said she's notify the chef.  As someone that is fairly liberal with the salt myself, this was definitely over the top.  
We'll be back to The Mildred for another try; hoping last evening was just a fluke, as our first visit was outstanding, and I left last evening feeling less than satisfied.Overall, excellent and interesting food at a fair price with good serving sizes. Cocktails were great, something we hadn't expected. The 2010 Napa Syrah was outstanding. Excellent appetizers all around - chicken and biscuits, summer salad, sweetbreads, eggplant ravioli, corn soup - very satisfying. Stuffed squid was ok, not as good as the others. Entrees overall very good: suckling pig (was called "deconstructed" but didn't see why; skin could have been crunchier), excellent hake, lovely bouillabaisse. The trifle dessert was terrific, the clafoutis very nice, lovely flavor and delicate texture. Coffee puffs could have had more of the advertised coffee flavor but the pastry itself was very good. The owners greeted us and chatted, sharing a taste of a novel wine they had - what a bonus (this was partially to make up for a problem with one of our dishes)! They were incredibly down to earth.  Service very good, friendly, down to earth. At times a bit slow but they were unexpectedly busy that night. Setting overall very nice; a bit loud inside for our taste but we are strongly on the quiet side. We will be back and I will be recommending using them for work events. Two of our party (not me) are professionally-trained chefs. Definitely check it out. They deserve to succeed.We were waiting for so long at a nearby top picked restaurant that when we decided to give up and leave, the hostess recommended the Mildred.  We walked over a couple of blocks and were whisked away to our table by a sweet hostess who was so appreciative of our business.  Our waitress was pleasant as was all of the other staff that alternated bringing us our our food.  The soon to be famous biscuit is already famous in our minds and hearts -- DELICIOUS!! The hostess brought us some home made ricotta and toast compliments of the chef since they felt it was taking too long for our food -- we had been waiting less than 15 minutes!  We just realized that the level of hospitality was high!! When our food arrived, eggs Benedict for the husband with the best Canadian bacon he's ever had and my steak and eggs, we were thrilled with our choice.  Must also mention the coffee was fantastic as well!!The décor was very nice.  Not the ambience I was expecting with a diner like name like Mildred.   The option of Valet for $8 was awesome but the valet didn't appear for quite awhile which was odd.    One valet for a Saturday night and their two lots were 3 blocks away.   Once in we were greeted and seated immediately.    Our server approached us in an acceptable amount of time (8-10 minutes).
We had the veal meatballs with baked polenta for a starter.  I love polenta.  When I read baked I assumed it would be a harder... cakier... with crusty outside (from being baked)   The veal meatballs were a nice texture but not that much different tasting then my own turkey meatballs.  It lacked little flavor to anything other than veal.  The polenta was a soupy texture with drizzles of some sauce (whose flavor I forget already)  we ate it all... but it wasn't anything "to write home about"
I ordered the prawn ragout with bucatini and tomato and while it was tasty it was pretty much a $16 small bowl of noodles.   It contained one large shrimp cut into 3 small pieces and the head.   I ate the meal.    I have never seen my guy so upset about a meal that he complained about it.  They gave me my drink complimentary.  I explained it wasn't the meal itself I was unhappy with, just the lack of prawn
My guy ordered the vertical roasted chicken. I just asked him to describe his meal and he said  "It was juicy but rather pricey and it was just chicken".   I was a small piece of chicken (appetizer size) that tasted good but it was somewhat plain.  Also it would have been nice if our waitress told him it was a la carte and he may want to order a side.  We ended up adding on a potatoe puree side which they brought rather quickly but again they were quite plain.
Our waitress.... while she was very pleasant and attentive she definitely was amiss.   She came back about 8 minutes after we placed our order and asked what I ordered again.  When we asked her what sides options there were she couldn't recall more than the potatoes.  
It took over 15 minutes to get our car from the valet and we were the first in line in a line of 5 customers.I do not dole out one stars.  In fact, i have only ever given one one star before for a used car dealership.  That being said, I really put off writing this review.  I wanted to like this place, badly.  But, overall, it was just a big disappointment.  My girlfriend and I went opening night.  I was impressed with the wine and beer selection.  I did not pay much attention to the cocktails that were featured, but they looked good when the table next to us.  But, the excitement ended at the bar.  We asked the waitress what the chef's specialties were as I had read a ton about him from what he did at Talulas Garden and he was supposed to be pretty good.  She recommended an appetizer and the bouillabaisse.  I do not remember the name of the app, but it should have been called "meat on plate".  Legitimately, it was a slice of uncooked meat with aioli and capers randomly sprinkled on top making it look like melted cheese on pavement.  It tasted better than it looked, if you could get over the poor presentation.  However, it was still bland and nothing special.  Next came the bouillabaisse.  Now I have to say, I am a bit of a bouillabaisse fanatic, and I know good bouillabaisse.  This dish is all about the broth.  The broth should be so good that you want to order more bread and lick the bottom of the bowl.  This broth tasted like chicken broth.  It was plain, bland and not anything like what it was supposed to taste.  On top of that, there was maybe five little neck clams and mussels in the dish.  The only "big" piece of seafood was a monkfish.  I understand that monkfish can stand on its own in flavor, but this was also bland.  For about $30 per person for that dish it lacked substance and was severely disappointing.  Potentially the worst part of the evening was when our waitress sent over the chef when she saw we had not enjoyed the food.  This guy came at us fangs beared. He asked us what could be improved about the dish.  I suggested, "more seafood".  The chef badically rolled his eyes at me then went into a rant about how he is classically trained and that is how it was cooked, blah blah blah. I may have gone a step too far when I suggested that I had better bouillabaisse at Legal Seafood (which is true).  He retorted that he would not know as he had never been.  I honestly hope this guy does not eat his own cooking every night, because it would be soo boring.  He then told us he would take the dish off the bill.  However, when we got the check the $60 bouillabaisse was still there.  At this point in the evening, I was already in such a bad mood I just paid and left.
Overall, I will not go back.  The food was tasteless and plain and way over priced.  Skip this place, and try another.  I promise you it's not worth it.Recently I had a late evening dinner with my boyfriend at The Mildred and was very impressed. We went in without reservations and were still able to be seated immediately in the bar area by the fire, very warm and inviting indeed. The wait staff was very prompt and polite so needless to say the service was impeccable. 
I ordered a glass of wine while the boyfriend tried out their mixed drinks with the "peasant's revolt" - he loved it. For first courses, I had the winter lettuce and my boyfriend had the escargot. We shared the scallops, just wow. And for entrees, I had the tavern steak and my boyfriend ordered the chicken breast. Words will not do this place justice, give it a try. I cannot wait to go back and taste their bouillabaisse!After all the great reviews I was very excited to visit the Mildred for my birthday dinner.  We went on a Saturday night and the restaurant was busy but not packed.  That being said, the food was delicious, but the experience was hampered by very mediocre service.  The waitstaff was friendly and accommodating, but we all noticed a few inconsistencies.  Firstly, we were asked if we wanted still water or complimentary housemade sparkling water at the start of the meal, and each made our choices, however whenever people came to refill our water they would just fill the glass with whatever bottle they happened to be holding, and by the end of the  night most of us were drinking a strange 50/50 mix of sparkling and still water.  No one asked they would just come fill the cups.  Secondly my girlfriend ordered a drink, a gin and cucumber concoction that came out the first time in a martini glass and tasted delicious.  When she finished they asked if she wanted another and she said yes, they brought her the drink in a Stella Artois beer mug and it was 10x sweeter than the first one(?).  The food that we got was awesome, but there was a solid 40 minutes between appetizers and entrees, which we all felt was too long.  Lastly we ordered Brussels sprouts as a side and never received them.  These were charged on the bill, but we didn't realize it until we got home, I am sure this was an honest mistake (and I take the blame for not perusing the bill closely enough) but still I definitely expected more from the Mildred.The Mildred, on paper, has everything going for it: a swank Bella Vista location, warm decor and atmosphere, a sophisticated menu, and a younger, hipper feel.  But that's where the compliments end.  After dining here last night for their Valentine's Day dinner, it's probably unlikely that I'll be coming back on account of so-so food and glacial service.
After arriving for our 8:30 reservation, we were promptly seated and served our drinks pretty quickly.  However, we waited forever to receive each of the five courses that were on our special tasting menu.  In fact, we didn't leave until nearly 11pm.  I understand that perhaps The Mildred wanted to make dinner leisurely and romantic, but over two hours is a really long time to run a dinner service, especially if the kitchen is making the same dishes for everyone.  Was everything cooked to order from scratch for each table?
I would have understood and have been less angry if the food was worth the wait, but it wasn't.  Of the five courses we had, the first was easily the best: burrata on poached persimmon with potato bread.  The cheese was flavorful, the persimmon provided the brightness to balance out the dairy, and the bread helped to keep the dish together.  Everything else kind of fell apart after that.  The second course was ok (eggs, watercress, and mushrooms), the third course, a bouillabaisse, was oversalted, and the fourth course, a lamb loin topped with lamb sausage with greens, bacon, and potatoes, definitely failed to impress.  The lamb was ok, but the sausage was unnecessary and the potatoes tasted unusual, a little too processed.  As for dessert, I enjoyed the mint ice cream, but the cake was kind of dry and the truffles were passable.
The servers themselves could not have been more attentive, but I couldn't understand just why it took so long to make and serve the food, and not very good food at that.  In fact, it wasn't just us; all of the other parties around us seemed to have the same complaint.  You could see it on their faces how displeased they were that the food was just taking so, so, so long.  I've spent a good amount of money on dinners before, and The Mildred is no exception, but walking away from The Mildred after picking up tonight's check, I felt robbed and swindled.  Mediocre food and a slow as molasses kitchen.  Not worth the money, and not worth my time.Service at the bar is SLOW. I'm here now and I ordered 45mins ago. No food yet. It was tastelessness n I was told the chef was gonna refire my razor clams but they were gritty n yucky.  Also the $8 soup was minuscule in the dish. Not worth it w COCHON nearby to fill my pork needs.   I wanna like this place but with other restaurants CHEAPER AND BETTER.....I was both a little surprised and not so surprised to hear earlier this week that the Mildred had closed after our recent visit. I had heard a lot of great things about it before our visit, so I was really looking forward to it. My fiance and I visited on a Saturday morning for brunch, and there wasnt a ton going on inside. There were only a few people there when we got there, so we were seated immediately. Looking over the menu, the options were definitely upscale brunch items, but it was definitely still approachable food for the less adventurous. We decided to go with our usual brunch strategy of a sweet dish and a savory dish and split them both. 
I hadnt been feeling great prior to us going here, so we decided not to eat anything particularly heavy. We decided on the ricotta pancake with lemon curd and the scrambled eggs with prawns, harissa and rosti potato. My fiance also ordered a bourbon based cocktail that was very tasty. We also decided to start with the soon to be famous biscuit, which didnt quite live up to its name. Unlike most biscuits I have found in the area, this one was too far to the opposite side of the spectrum. usually they are dry or overcooked, or were simply kneaded too much. They were the exact opposite. It was very moist which was great, but it litterally fell apart at each touch. The flavor was good, but it just didnt hold up as a biscuit. I really liked the jam served with it though. 
The eggs and the harissa were very good. The rosti was overly oily for me. The prawns were pretty good, but I just dont know that they paired very well with the eggs. Its parts were definitely better than its sum.  The pancake, which it literally was one humongous pancake served in a cast iron skillet, was good, but again nothing to rave about here. If I didnt know there was ricotta in it, I would have been hard pressed to know. The lemon curd on top was great, but I definitely could have used more of it to really give the pancake that lemon flavoring. 
I never like to see good restaurants go, so I was sad to hear of its closing. I definitely would have liked to give it another chance to see how it was. O well, I am sure the owner and chef will pop up again soon.From a recommendation of a dear friend, my boyfriend and I celebrated, "valentines day is stupid, let's go next week". 
Love love love love it. We happened to go on an off night and were the ONLY people there. We sat by the fireplace, amazing. We had flights of bourbon, delicious cocktails, a large portion of the menu because we love food, and enjoyed every last bit. Duck, touché. Dessert tasting (compliments of the house), scrumptious. Soup duck confit thing, a little salty, but still lovely. Fish something appetizer, second to none. Unfortunately I forget some names of items because it's been a while since we dined, but we are so very excited to return.Place is a little run down compared to other turn around restaurants in the neighborhood. Speaking of old town neighborhood. Ifs definitely for a certain crowd. Point meaning... Watch your surroundings. The whole Foods near by wants to turn the area around but I don't see it happening. On our way there we stopped at "Supper." Kinda wanted to stay there as atmosphere was richer and better vibe. But we were meeting good friends from out of town and they picked it. 
The first concern of mine was that it was 8:30pm on a Friday night and the place was empty. I guess the good part was that we had great service:) 
Time for the food!! I must be honest... It was good. Not great like I must go back, but good. Drink menu was wonderful! If you see me there that's where I will be, at the bar. I guess I just couldn't get over how good my glass of wine and our cheese plate was at "Supper" prior to  meeting our friend. 
You should definitely give this place a try! One time. You may enjoy!Very nice cocktails at the bar. Quirky beer collection. The bartender forgot to send our bar tab to our table bill which I'm used to so we had to pay it separately after we ate which seemed to confuse the bartender. Food was lovely. We split a main course and each had separate apps that we shared. The beet and salmon dish was wonderful. I wish the horseradish creme had a bit more punch though. We had some short rib, which we seem to do a lot. It melted on the plate! The pork trotters in potato was OK. Not super duper. Looked really cool though. Looked like it was scallops. I think my tongue was ready for scallops when I saw it and was disappointed. 
The Place itself was very warm and cozy which was great on one of the last few cool nights of early spring/wintery weather. The decor was light earth tones/light wood with really neat little pits of pottery the wait staff told me that one of the owners had made by a potter that used to be one of his (high school?) teachers. Even the butter dishes and tableware were hand made. Nice touches. The food was able to stand out over a crazy environment. I need to come back for brunch.More people in Bella Vista should frequent this spot -- especially foodies who are in the mood for something other than a quick bite at one of the local tavern-type spots.  Further -- there is a wonderful fireplace right near the bar that makes it the ideal stop for a quiet drink on a cold winter's night. The Terres Major steak was excellent, as were the chocolate and carrot-toffee desserts.  Further, the gluten-tolerant will love the special homemade chestnut bread.  The service was a little slow and drinks were also weirdly slow in coming from the bar, even though the bar was not busy.  Also, the portion of port that was provided was teeny, especially compared to the bucket of port provided at 20 Manning for essentially the same price.  Mildred has tons of potential but has a little work to do to finesse out a few little bugs.  Nonetheless, it is already worth a visit for someone looking for something a little different (ie., not a burger) right in the heart of Bella Vista.Been here twice in the past month, so that alone should tell you something since there are few places I visit more than once.  Not due to lack of places I enjoy but to a wealth of options in this city.
Overall Mildred is just a nice, comfortable place to have a nice, comfortable meal.  The schtick here is cast iron dishes, or cocettes, which is cool.  Homey, yet somewhat refined.  Insert fireplace, sweet service and a nice date spot emerges for those who have fallen in love south of South.
There's hints of interesting technique here such as the rotary macaroni shape under the braised short rib, the full pot tea pour at brunch, or the vertical roasted chicken but for as nice as that is there always seems to be something that falls a bit flat here.  Not with a plop, but with a fizz.  The macaroni a bit dry, the pork in the pork sugo being a touch undercooked, etc.  Just liiiiitle misses.  But nothing that should make you avoid the place.
It's a great place for the area and I hope it does well.  It's been woefully empty both time I've been there which is nice for a quiet meal but bad for business.  Go give em a try.Excellent food and service, amazing brunch and dinner.  I've eaten here in snowstorms and cozied up by the fire, and hung out by the bar in summer.  All around solid neighborhood restaurant.  Most of their ingredients are sourced from local farms and creatively utilized.  I think some more outdoor seating would be a plus.Came here for Whiskey Wednesdays. Which surprises me, because I'm more of a margarita girl than a whiskey girl. I like my drinks tasting like juice but then hitting me like a freight train. It's a hard thing to accomplish, so who knew that whiskey cocktails could step up to the challenge and bowl me over happily!
They had almost a "tapas" type of menu on Wednesdays, but the portions were pretty filling for the size which made me immensely happy. Fish stew = comforting and yummy. Buccatini = spicy and fresh. Their homemade biscuits were soft and delicious. A free sample of carrot cake? Thank God.
The service wasn't slow for us, but that may be because it was downpouring afternoon and only my friends would happily get drenched to get tanked. Salud!My wife and I had dinner at The-Mildred about a week ago.  It's the first restaurant with a hyphen in the name that I've ever been to.  The menu is small, but interesting.  We both enjoyed everything that we had - the Vitello Tonnato, the Mildred salad, the hanger steak and the monkfish.  Our waitress, Adrian, was fantastic.  The wine list is very interesting too - we had a South African red wine that was quite good.  Overall an extremely pleasant surprise from a new restaurant - and with a hyphen in the name too.My husband and I had such a wonderful experience at dinner, that I vowed to write a Yelp review to negate all the low star comments.
     First the space is warm and inviting. They've done an amazing job converting this place from James restaurant. For a Friday night there was a reasonable noise level. We did not  have to shout to hear each other or strain to hear over the background music. Look forward to coming back to the bar, for good food and conversation with friends. 
     Second the service was friendly and attentive. Our waitress, Adrian, and the bus girl never let our water or cocktail glasses get close to empty. They both often checked in. And when they discovered we were celebrating a special occasion, congratulated us and then left us a lovely note with our check. 
     Finally the food was delicious. We started with the Mildred salad and pan roasted scallops. The sauce for the scallops was creamy heaven. I was glad to have some leftover bread to scrape up the remnants. For our entrees we had the bratwurst and the braised rib of beef. The bratwurst surprisingly came wrapped in braided pretzel. Perfect balance of salt and spice. The braised beef melts in your mouth. Unfortunately since we ate every bite of our starters and entrees, we had no room for dessert. Definitely will return to sample. 
Overall looking forward to making The Mildred a regular neighborhood spot.Food is superb. Savory and flavorful. Great care and attention to every detail.I have no idea what those 1 & 2 star guys are talking about.  This place is fantastic.  Haters, man.  
My husband and I went last night and sat at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly without being annoyingly attentive.  You can tell he's been at this a while--he pours a good drink, a healthy glass of wine and a good beer.  
We ordered a handful things off the bar menu.  The grilled squid was great.  We basically order grilled squid or octopus off any menu we see it on, so we've had our fair share.  This was the perfect combination of charred and chewy without being over or under cooked.  The fennel and radishes were a great compliment as was the watercress salad.  The bartender talked us into the pig trotters and potato confit, which was facified pulled pork in potato cups.  This was banging.  The presentation looked like bone marrow and if there were twice as many in the serving, I wouldn't have been mad at them.  We also had the rabbit and ricotta meatballs with housemade sourdough biscuits.  The meatballs were delicious and there were plenty of them.  The gravy I wanted to swim in, but had to be satisfied with letting the biscuits do it instead.  Maybe I wanted to lick the bowl.  So what?  Oh, and I also sampled a friend's order of squash tortellini with roasted fall vegetables and I'm not a vegetarian, but I would order it.  
Overall, this was a great experience and I can't wait to go back.  I wish we lived in the neighborhood so we could spend all winter at the cozy fireplace nook in the bar.Really enjoyed our meal at the Mildred.  Was torn between 3 and 4 stars, would like to give it 3 and a half.
Some highlights were the ricotta gnudi and the lobster/cauliflower apps, the yummy hunks of fresh baked bread, and the short rib with cheese pasta.  The boullibaisse was not as amazing as I had hoped, the broth had an overly fishy taste and the shrimps were a little overcooked.  The desserts were amazing, especially the chocolate cake with peanut ice cream and caramel sauce, and the rhubarb and cherry crumble.
All the other elements of this restaurant are excellent, from the decor (wood tables and floors, and a cozy roaring fire) to the pottery dishes, the cast iron ware, the attentive service and knowledgeable waitstaff, nice selection of wines, overall we came away feeling we were really pampered and appreciated.
I would return, but next time will not order the bouillabaisse.Nice place. Went there on a Saturday evening without a reservation. Restaurant was half empty, but the hostess acted like requesting a table for 4 was only borderline reasonable and had us wait for 15 minutes. 
Waited at the bar. Bartender was helpful. 
Service was fantastic. Waitress was wonderful. We had the tasting menu with wine pairing. Food was fantastic, worth 5 stars. Wine was great. Portions seemed unusually small. Everyone was scraping their plates, trying to get the last bit of sustenance. $60 per person. 
Good experience, would go again but would also have a pre-dinner snack at home.A wonderful addition to the neighborhood.  I ate at the bar, so a more informed review will come later, but, I thought the Mildred was a great new spot.  The bartender was super friendly and our food was delicious.  Can't wait to head back and sit at a table!Super friendly and welcoming staff,  relaxing setting, great happy hour, excellent food!I've only been here for Sunday brunch.  To me this place is like a little touch of the mountains right in the Italian market.  Weird analogy I guess but go there and enjoy.  Especially now with the cold weather.  I sat by the fire and enjoyed a bloody Mildred (oh how quirky).  My friend got the "soon to be famous biscuit" and yeah, its not healthy but so delicious.  I would definitely recommend this cute and unique place.  Looking forward to going back for dinner.One of the finest meals I've had in Philadelphia. I can understand some of the other less than stellar reviews because at least one person at our table thought that is was just O.K., but they also went off menu a little with one of the sides. Our very friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable waitress started us off with cocktails. I had the usual Sapphire martini up, dry, and with olives. Others at the table sampled some of Mildred's specialty cocktails and were not disappointed.
The starter was a perfectly presented and amazingly delicious cow's milk ricotta Gnudi. These little pillows of perfection got the table exited about what was yet to come. I had the braised rib of beef with "mac and cheese" and roasted cauliflower. The beef was so tender that it would fall apart if I bumped the plate. The "mac and cheese" really blew away my expectations. One very long continues tube of al dente house made pasta spiraling around the cast iron skillet Mildred uses as a plate baked with a delicate béchamel sauce. Unfortunately a few of us were really tired and decided to leave without desert...next time Mildred.I dined at The Mildred on  2/12/13 after a much anticipated visit and was blown away by the service, food, and ambiance. The restaurant is beautifully rustic yet elegant and relaxed. The fire place in the back and the handmade ceramic bread plates gives you the impression of being back home. 
The food was so delicious I all but licked my plate. Thankfully the fresh baked bread made in house was readily available to assist me in making sure no sauce or juices were left behind. The menu features some out of the box ingredients like oxtail and pigs foot but they're prepared so delicately and skillfully that any palate would leave happy and wanting more. Comfort foods are featured as well such as mac and cheese and Shepard's Pie but with a new age spin that makes you experience the dish like never before. My favorite dish however had to be the Meyer Lemon tart; it was the perfect ending note after a fabulous meal.
I highly recommend The Mildred!My daughter and I celebrated my birthday at The Mildred this past Tues. We had a cozy spot near the fireplace in the front room. The first thing I noticed (I'm an art teacher) were the beautiful hand made ceramic bread plates. Butter soon arrived in an equally cool ceramic bowl. Through out the night, each course arrived in an unique serving container; a skillet, a mini crock pot with lid, a covered cast iron dish. This just added to the pleasant surprise of each dish. A+ for ambiance and presentation!
And now for the food. I had the mushrooms in egg yolk with potato croutons, It was so good I wanted to lick the dish. Next was the sweetbreads, they were so tender. I savored each bite. I ordered the short ribs with macaroni and cheese entree. The macaroni was one long noodle that spiraled around a skillet. It was a great presentation and delicious too. We went for the chocolate cake and lemon tart for desert. the combination of the two was to die for. I have this to say for each of the four courses; Yum, yum,yum and yum. 
Our servers were so helpful and friendly. Michael Dorris circulated among the tables talking to everyone. This dinner was a great way to start a new year.The Mildred is thisclose to being a 5-star neighbourhood establishment, but a few little missteps lead me to a 4-star assessment.
I had been to the previous restaurant in the space, and it was much cozier this time around, although I find the window next to our seat to be strange. It was a window to the entryway and it was slightly higher than our heads, and every time people were in the vestibule waiting we felt like we were in an aquarium.
However! Last-minute tables were to be had at 7:30 on a Friday evening, and people need to get on this band wagon. The food here is excellent. My BFF and I started with cocktails- she went with the cucumber elderflower and gin cocktail and I requested a gin sour. Hers was tasty, very much cucumber, and mine was good as well although slightly too tart. They were not lacking for gin, though, and when I got home after having two of them I was pretty drunk.
House-baked bread and butter came to the table pretty quickly, and it was good bread, but the butter was too cold and they never brought out more bread after we finished the first two pieces. The water sitch is my other beef: they offer sparkling or still from bottles they carry around, and the water was room temp. If there isn't ice, the water should at least be cold. It made me drink more cocktails, which was likely not a coincidence.
We decided to share everything, so we got the chicken and biscuits, the potato tortellini in a Madeira mushroom sauce, and the vertical roasted chicken, then two desserts to share. The chicken and biscuits is phenomenal and I'd come back over and over again just for that. Savory, warm, and comforting. The biscuits were a little twee, however. The highlight of the pasta was the mushrooms and sauce, but the pasta itself was very good even though it could have used maybe 30 seconds more cooking time. It was like an Italian version of a pierogie.The roasted chicken was insanely moist and tender and all the veggies with it were spot-on.
For dessert we shared the plum clafoutis and the chocolate peanut butter mousse thing. They were both decadent and heavenly. The plum clafoutis would make the world's greatest brunch dish, hot out of the oven with sweet whipped cream.
The total for 4 cocktails, 3 dishes, and 2 desserts was $120 including tip. Not bad at all! We could easily have saved $20 by getting one drink each, but it was a girl's night so who wants to do that? Service was great, the server was new but capable and friendly and didn't rush us out when we lingered over our last cocktails.This restaurant inspired me to open a yelp account because I needed others to know how fabulous this place is! (clearly new to yelp because I thought I was writing a review and wrote a tip instead) 
I love this place in pretty much every aspect. The bar is gorgeous! Love the wood and the beer taps are unlike many I have seen. Very classy. Yes, classy beer taps. I realize what I am saying. 
We started with the Mac and Cheese, chicken and dumplings and mackerel. The mackerel was my favorite. Very simple in design but an explosion of taste. Only bummer was my husband ordered it and he ate most of it. 
For dinner I had the quail and my husband had the short rib. We were kind enough to give each other one taste and then we didn't share after that. The quail was outstanding. Sitting in lentils and beets and stuffed. A chef I am not so not quite sure how he accomplished what he did but it was real good. 
Finally the desserts. I have to say the salted Carmel chocolate cake was so good it overshadowed the other dessert. Next time we are ordering two so we don't have to share! I encourage you to do the same. 
I am already looking forward to my next visit...I wanted to love it here since we were huge fans of James and because a few friends-of-friends are involved, and we did have a really good time at dinner.  What they've done with the space is great - very warm and inviting with the fireplace, beautiful wood tables and comfy stools along the long bar - and it feels more open than it did when James occupied this space.  One huge plus for the Mildred is that the service here was flawless: conscientious without being overbearing or stuffy.
This place has a lot going for it, but I just can't put my finger on what was lacking from the food.  We started with the chitarra (a little too al dente for my dining companion, but perfect in my book) and the oxtail, which was the star of the meal for me - creamy barley risotto with tender bits of oxtail - I wish this had been entrée size!  For mains, we went with the hanger steak and the monkfish - both cooked impeccably - but the potato "anna" that came with the steak was like an uninspired hash brown, and while not bad in my opinion, my dining companion found the chorizo broth of the monkfish over salted.  We did, however, end on a bright note with the hot-out-of-the-oven apple tarte tatin.
Everything was very well-cooked, and all of the menu options sounded so well-thought-out that we had trouble deciding, but we just weren't bowled over - maybe it was all the hype, but we felt ultimately underwhelmed.  I'm a huge fan of a smaller, focused menu like this, and the presentation (along with the service, I will mention again) was great - very charming Staub cookware and other tableware (from what we hear) hand-made by the Conestoga High School pottery teacher, a lovely, if not sentimental, touch.  It's still a very young restaurant, so we will definitely be back to explore the menu further and to try brunch.I so want this place to do well. It's got a good location, but if it is going to serve brunch on the weekends, they'll have to put out something better than a popular place that is just around the corner. Started with the chicken and biscuits which I shared; it was like a chicken pot pie without the pie crust. I liked it. But the ricotta pancake was meh and we had to wait more than 30 minutes for it (and we let them know our angst, too). Give the owner/chef credit, he took our critique on the spot we we're likely to try the place again. I'll do another review at that point.
From the reviews already posted, the performance seems inconsistent. Hopefully they can straighten it out because that part of Bella Vista could use another good eating spot.Went on a Friday night with friends. The ambiance and staff were great. The drinks were superb and the desert was top notch. We sampled some dishes from the bar menu and to be honest they had great potential but were a bit bland. So close to being amazing but missing something, which I am guessing would be spices??? I really hope that maybe it was just an off night, I really want to love this place. Not to mention I live only a few blocks away & would love it to become a frequent weekend spot. Overall I enjoyed myself and I am hoping the next time I go that the food will have a bit more zing & zest!!!My boyfriend and I ate here on 11/03/2012. Very warm and inviting place, perfect for an autumn dinner.
From the bar, I don't remember what drink I ordered (the current drink menu differs from the website), but it was a very tasty rum cocktail. Followed that up with probably the best soup of my life when I had the chestnut and marshmellow soup.
I ordered the same thing Robby N. did and had a much different experience. I read the menu, saw "slow braised rib of beef with broiled parmesan macaroni & glazed root vegetables", and that's exactly what I got. It was delicious, if a little small. Also, the place was full when I was eating there, but even if it was empty, I'd still give it 5 stars; who cares how many people are there when it's less than two months old on a street with no foot traffic?
My boyfriend had the quail, which was very tasty. We both cleaned off our plates. Topped it off with the Tarte Tatin (?) dessert for two; basically just a plate of cooked apples, caramel, and vanilla ice cream. Service was amazing, and we'll definitely be back.