The prices are comparable to other seafood spots, no complaint there. The snow crabs we're very good. I like that you can pick between different seasonings. My only disappointment was with their side selection. Not many to choose from. I ordered the caujan fries & they were under cooked & under seasoned. But, the star of the show, the crabs we're delicious.I really liked how big the crawfish were and it felt like some were fresh and some weren't. The only thing I didn't really like is the shake sauce. It was way too salty and I can eat salty so it means something if I said it was way too salty. Maybe if the sauce was decent I'd give it a higher rating but it wasn't. 
The service was okay. The waitress made a few mistakes here and there, but it's fairly new so I didn't expect a lot.Omg this place is wonderful! Great location, close enough to my house and shopping center. The food... WHEW CHILEEEE THE FOOD!!!! The shrimp & crab legs combo is to DIE FOR!!! Nice and tender, cooked to perfection! Plus they give you a generous amount of shrimp that is also a nice size. I couldn't finish it, i had to take it home (currently eating as I type ). And let me tell you about that SHAKE SAUCE! DEE-LICIOUS!!! The service is great. S/o to my server Colin please, if anyone gets the chance to experience The Shake, go for it! You will not be disappointed!!!Very good seafood by the pound restaurant here. The seafood is super fresh and the sauce is delicious. 10/10 would come here again. Or 5/5 as yelpers would put it. xD The price is also quite reasonable as well. It's actually much better than the crabby cafe that closed down in terms of the freshness and taste. I also really like the fact that they have a clams and mussels combo in which most places don't. The mussels were nice and meaty, not the tiny black ones. Clams were a good size too. The snow crab came with a lot of legs as well. Definitely getting your bang for your bucks.
I was craving onion rings that day and even the onion rings were really good. It was super crunchy and thin just the way I like it. Give this place a try if you're looking for seafood. You won't regret it.
They have a grand opening discount right now for 10% off. Gogogo~!I don't even know where to start with how good this placed crabs are! I get the $20 worth of crabs worth with all the sauces combined. Sauce is out of this world. It is beyond delicious!! I just discovered them last week and I have already been here 3x and will probably go again today! Love! Love! Love!I've been waiting for a seafood place like this to pop up in Northeast Philly. Seafood is good, service is great, prices are reasonable. I got Onion Rings & Cajun fries as appetizers. Also got Shrimp with Heads on w/ their Shake Sauce (Cajun, Butter Garlic, & lemon pepper) w/ medium spicy level. My boyfriend got the Mussels w/ Potato & Shake Sauce w/mild spicy level. Seafood was delicious! 
I'll definitely be returning. They also do take out! If you plan to dine in, ask to decorate their walls---they'll give you a marker too.3.5 stars
Pro:
There are lots of parking in the shopping plaza. The place is nice and spacious. Bathroom is clean and well maintained. The waitress were nice and friendly. They know the menu well and were informative. I have free popcorn while waiting for my food. My drink was put in a to go cup which i find it very convenient and clean rather than reusable plastic cup. I have the crawfish with the shake sauce and my spice level were hot. The price is reasonable for $11 per pound of fresh crawfish. The sauce is good. I get to write on the wall and I got a $10 off of $50 coupon on my next order. 
Con: 
Women Bathroom: one of the bathroom stall, the door have to swing inward in order to open the door. The sink is poorly designed. The water pressure is too weak. the water coming out from the faucet is so close to the edge of the sink, giving less room to wash your hands. Now my hands are size small yet my fingers touches the edge of the sink which for me is uncomfortable. Another problem I found in the bathroom is the paper towel dispenser. I have to row the knob on the side, for the paper to come out. Which cause my fingers to be dirty again. 
Food: Most of the crawfish were fresh. Some where soft and have a funny taste. The sauce is good but it too salty and the spice level "hot" with an images of 3 peppers to me it is mild comparing to other restaurants I ate. 
Overall, this place is a nice place to hangout with friends and families. I would come back again sometime.Seafood was fresh (we order snow crab legs and crawfish), sauce was on the saltier side but pretty flavorful, open space with great ventilation, server was nice and attentive (a little too attentive) but overall pretty neat spot for the northeast to get seafood!Anyone from the west coast knows what the Boiling Crab is. They have set the standard for this type of seafood-in-a-bag fare, and it is also the food that I miss the most from my time on the west coast.  I think the Shake is well aware of this, and is trying to aim for this standard. That being said, I have searched near and far for a suitable alternative in this area and I am happy to say that the Shake comes pretty close in flavor, which is highly impressive considering nothing in this area has even scraped the surface in terms of flavor for their sauce. I've been to Crabby Cafe, The Boil in NYC, and The Boiling House in Cherry Hill, and The Shake is still the closest to my beloved Boiling Crab. The garlicky, cajun, spicy, buttery "shake sauce" is so delicious, and compliments seafood perfectly. Prepare to eat with your hands and get messy, but it's a great, flavorful ride once you dig in.Went here after looking up some restaurants near my house that served seafood & now I'm obsessed! The seafood was delicious and very similar to Hot N Juicy Crawfish (popular in DC & NYC ) ! I loved that its BYOB! The service was great and restaurant is very clean as well which is a plus for me! Cant wait to go back!Great food with great hospitality! When you walk in, you are greeted by the manager? Or hostess? Idk. You get seated with water, menus, and free popcorn. I was surprised that they gave out free popcorn! Anyway we ordered fried chicken which was very good and juicy, the crayfish special with the spicy sauce. The crayfish has a good size to it with a lot of meat, and the crab legs was sweet and tasty. Both of the sauces on the crayfish and crab legs was enjoyable. Off camera was the fries and the fries was nicely fried with a nice crunchy sound. Overall great service + great food + not expensive = 5/5 stars!Stopped by for an early dinner with the family...space was clean & the staff was friendly and very attentive.  We didn't realize how hungry we were until we started munching on the free popcorn!! We ordered the fried shrimp, catfish and tilapia combos served with cajun fries.  We also ordered the buffalo wings, steamed shrimp and crab legs ( medium spicy with garlic butter) with potatoes/corn.  The fish, shrimp and fries were perfectly fried and served hot.  I really enjoyed the flavor of the steamed seafood and will definitely return.  Noticed the BYOB sign on the door and will keep that in mind for the next time.  Overall a nice relaxing spot for a quick seafood fix.Went here after looking up some restaurants near my house that served seafood & now I'm obsessed! The seafood was delicious and very similar to Hot N Juicy Crawfish (popular in DC & NYC ) ! I loved that its BYOB! The service was great and restaurant is very clean as well which is a plus for me! Cant wait to gI've been looking for a great seafood place in the northeast for about a year now and this place popped up as a suggestion. I reviewed the photos and everything was appealing. Seasoned seafood served in a bag had the best potential and sure enough it stood true. I had the garlic butter crab legs and shrimp with no head (I don't need to be working hard to eat a bottom feeder) & I was feeling spicy so we ordered a bag of shrimp of the shake sauce (all of the above sauces). Everything was delicious and I appreciate the gloves and bib because without it I would smell like a seafood sauce bucket. Overall, I'm going back to get more. My photos will show the aftermath of what was in the bag. Enjoy, because I did.If someone says this has anything on Crabby Cafe in Northern Liberties you must of slipped and bumped your damn head there sauce don't have shit on crabby sauce. SERVICE WAS GOOD FOOD WAS REGGGGGGIIIIEEEE(my pot heads know what I mean)Food Quality 10/10
Customer Service 10/10
Food Proportion 7/10
Me and my girlfriend love seafood and we were introduced to the shake seafood by a friend. Before we would always go to Crabby Cafe which was our favorite spot for Asian seafood, but unfortunately they closed down permanently. We were sad until we were told about this place that was very similar to Crabbys. This place did not disappoint as we had a great experience! Food came out very quick and the server was vey friendly. We ordered snow crab legs, mussels and clams with the mild shake sauce. We like our seafood with alot of sauce and this place definitely exceed our expectations. Also I like how you can sign the walls! Will definitely come back and recommend to my friends! I'm glad we've found a new spot to meet our standards for our seafood cravings! We do wish that we would get more food bc it's definitely alot less than what we're used to.I absolutely loved this place..me and my girlfriends went here this past Sunday. The seafood was fresh..the shake sauce was delicious!!! We even had food left over to bring home!!! The prices were very reasonable and the staff were super nice!!Sooooo on humid days like today I usually crave some sort of seafood. So I decided to check out this new place. I ordered the catfish , crab legs and shrimp combo,Dungeness crab legs and hush puppies. I got he mixed sauce which was  amazing!!!! And the garlic one which was ok. Overall everything I ordered was great so I was happy about that. My only complaint was the portion size for the price you pay. They are expensive and you don't get much. However, they do give a 10% off I guess for new business. Now I'll be heading over to get some moreHighly recommended - If you're in the mood for some delicious seafood this is the spot for you! The seafood is good quality and delicious. They offer various sauces for whatever you choose. The service is also impeccable. The staff was attentive and extremely friendly, I will definitely be going back!I loved the food...I ordered the shrimp basket...it was scolding hot! But very good and the Cajun rice could've had more than smoked sausage and seasoning for $8. It was clean and we came in early so not a lot of people. The waitress was very nice and the people were attentive. I will go back again!To be honest, I've been wanting to try this place since it used to be the home of one of my favorite Asian American take out spots.  R.I.P Jannie turned Sannie! Anyway, I digress! Let's just say that unlike other places which offer platters that with 2 sides at least, not this place!  I opted on the corn in the cob, not realizing that it was a quarter of a cob.  Kind of a disappointment.  The portions were less than desirable! The one redeeming thing was that the tilapia was seasoned well.The food was delicious, and our waiter, Collin, was fantastic. Seafood by the pound.  Received our order quickly after placing it. Portions are good. I wish they served more potatoes and corn with the seafood, but you can easily order extra for your bag.  We also got sausage with our shrimp. We definitely plan to visit again soon. Nice atmosphere. Popcorn as an appetizer is a nice touch, and it's as good as movie theater popcorn.Good priced seafood. I enjoy the variety that they have as well as the sauce choice. I usually go for the shake sauce, which is all three of the cajun, garlic butter, and lemon pepper mixed. 
I wouldn't waste my time on their wings however because they are very similar to the type of wings you can get at your local chinese corner store. 
Another complaint is that the past few times I've been there, I've always had about 2-4 bad clams/mussels.Really great place - customer support, flavorful food, chill vibe. My dad loves seafood and he's sometimes difficult to please. He asked the waiter for hot water and they don't serve it on the menu but the waiter came back and got him his hot water. Ever since then my dad was sold! Crawfish, shrimp, potatoes and corn with sausage. Everything ended up costing $46 for 4 people and we were all full. I'm glad places like this exist in the area and i hope they stay open for a while. 
Please - I hope people don't leave negative reviews based on isolated events like "I asked for potatoes and they forgot it or waiter forgot my straw". Wishing you guys the best and keep up the great work.I visited this restaurant tonight with my mother. The food was absolutely amazing and fresh to order. It took about 20-30mins for our food to come out. While waiting they served complimentary popcorn. The actual food was so flavorful and the portion sizes were large. I will be coming back to this establishment.The best seafood restaurants the food is fresh and delicious and piping hot and the service is great.Great food and nice atmosphere!! Much better than I expected. Food came out on time and the staff was VERY nice and truly accommodating. It's a BYOB and they have multiple tv that shows the game.. Will definitely visit this place soon. Also, they allow you to leave your name on the wall..Me and my husband just found this spot in instagram, we decided to visit here for dinner and we weren't disappointed. This is a good authentic seafood place with the winning combination of large flavors, low cost comes with huge portion!! It is right in the huge plaza so you don't have to worry about parking. They have great seafood, good service, fair prices, Do Not Miss This Restaurant !Seriously the shake sauce is so bomb! I love the crawfish! There's meat and it's soooo good! My go to!The staff is friendly, the decor is nice, and the facility is clean. However, the food was just OKAY; they just need to learn how to season the batter for the fried food served with the baskets, tasted bland. The steamed seafood was good just a little on the pricey side.Great place for good seafood!! Everything was great, servers, food, wait time. We will definitely be back soon !So me and my sister came in here at maybe 10:15 Saturday. I was thinking since we're coming in 45 minutes before they close we might be rushed, but I was very wrong. They treated us well and gave us exceptional service and fast and hot food and we were able to relax and enjoy it. I don't usually like steamed Seafood so I wasn't expecting much. I ended up loving the food. We started with a fried jumbo shrimp basket and it came with fries and a tangy exceptional cocktail sauce and butter. The shrimp were huge and flavorful and piping hot, the fries were divine I devoured it. They brought out the shrimp and crab legs combo we got it with corn and potatoes. The crab was the best thing, they were so good. I don't know what they put in the sauce, but it is like liquid gold. I could have took a bath in it the sauce was so good. We got the sauce that's basically all three sauces in one, they call it the shake sauce I think. The steamed shrimp were delicious too and the corn was everything, it was seasoned so well. The potatoes were a little hard I wish they were more tender but apart from that everything was just perfect. So our experience was really great but this place will become a regular spot for us and I saw that it was BYOB so next time I'm bringing some wine. We live in the far Northeast close to Bensalem so we're not far. I plan to come back with other family members and Friends real soon.FIRST AND LAST TIME EVER EATING HERE. **UPDATE** PLEASE SEE THE RIDICULOUS RESPONSE FROM THE OWNER ACCUSING US OF EATING AN ORDER WE KNEW WAS WRONG. WE CAN SWEAR ON OUR LIVES THAT WE DIDNT KNOW UNTIL THE SERVER TOLD US. HORRIBLE RESTAURANT!!! DONT GO THERE! WE PAID FOR THE MESSED UP ORDER AND THIS IS THE RESPONSE WE GET. 
The food wasn't bad...but worst owner and management here. We ordered a combo of crab legs and mussels and were given shrimp and crab legs. We began eating it without realizing that it wasn't the combo we ordered. Shortly afterwards, the server tells us that we were eating the wrong order and brings over our order. Thinking it wasn't our fault so we took both bags. Mid way through the meal, the server then tells me that her boss is going to make her pay for the one order she messed up on, mind you it is $31 for the order she messed up on. So we speak to the manager and she said either the server pays or us, the customer pays. We didn't want the server to pay as it was an honest common restaurant mistake. The manager indicated that the server gets 15% off discount. I ask if we could take that discount and we'll pay for both combos. She said we could only get 15% for the one combo that was messed up. So we said, that's fine, we just honestly won't come back. Then she said we could have the discount for both bags. Regardless, at that point, we lost our appetite and didn't finish our meal. No matter how pleasant a meal can be, the fact that the owner and management is that cheap and stingy on their employees and customers, it's definitely not a place that we'll return or support.The food was ok. They stay open late so that is great if you are looking for a quick bite.My absolute favorite seafood boil place! The price may not be the cheapest but they're soooo good! It's my go to place for whenever I have a craving. I go there so often, they probably recognize me by now haha. The service is good and you get free popcorn as a starter. They also provide you with a plastic bib so you don't get your clothes dirty and a glove to protect you hands. The sauces are delicious! You can choose the flavor and how spicy you want it. The picture is shrimp with head and crawfish with corn and potato for $23. The best part about this place is the location, there's always parking because it is right next to a huge parking lots!-1 hour and 40 something waited to be sat down 
-once we ordered our food our waiter never asked what drink we want or didn't even bring us anything. After 30 mins pass, we finally asked for our drinks. 
-Approximately 1 hr and something mins for our food wait.
-one of our meals we ordered wings and they forgot to give us ranch and then we had to asked for it again. Then our waiter still forgot. 
-Ordering the food such as the shrimp and combo of seafoods are so little. The meal was pricey for what they gave us because I felt like they weigh the sauce, potato, and the seafood in one bag. 
-tip is included in the total price for 6 or more people which the tip wasn't well deserved 
-two waiters and busy place, need to hire more people 
*** Keep this in mind guys, I'm from Texas and when we ordered lbs of shrimp or any type of meal. It is always a lot given and they don't charge you for unnecessary crap. The service down south is way better than this place. I won't be coming here againMy girlfriend and I haven't seen each other in awhile and recently found out we both were pregnant and wanting seafood.  We heard about all the ranting and raving if this place so we gave it a try.  I ordered crawfish, shrimp and snow crab legs spicy which was delicious.  She order the same minus the crawfish.  Love the place just wish it was a bigger spot.  We came at a perfect time because after a little while of being seated the crowd begin to come.  I'll be back for some more seafood.  We got our seafood fix so I'm good for now. Ebony was our waiter she did a good job checking in on us.Food is ok. Seasoning was a bit salty for my taste, but at least the food was fresh. I give it a three star because restaurant front staff management and service was crap. I know that the restaurant closes at 11, but i was seated at 10. While i was still eating, The check was pushed on me at 10:45. Nothing is more rude then seeing people rush me out the door while I am enjoying my meal. If you guys are in such a rush, don't accept anymore orders after 10. On my way out, most of the  front staff was on their phones texting away. I had to say " thank you and have a good night" to myself. I can see this store possibly staying open a long time if management get their act together.Awesome seafood best seafood ever had in years. Definitely will come back with the rest of the family and we will all enjoy the seafood here at the Shake seafood awesome spot great customer service wonderful job guys take care and see you guys next time.I don't eat seafood , but I wanted to order some for my mother and grandmother. They loved it , I ended up going 3 times after that for them.I've ordered from here a few times and haven't been disappointed yet! The shrimp is amazing, and so is the corn. The Cajun fries are pretty good too. Can't wait to try more!My sister and dined here about 2 weeks ago on a Sunday night. We got here around 7:45pm, and it was very crowded. There was a 45 minute to an hour wait time to dine in. We ordered the crawfish, crabs, shrimp w/ potatoes and corn in Mild Shake sauce. The food was good, but the sauce lacked flavor. The place has good potential and is a very good concept. I would still return, and probably bring a bottle next time since it is BYOB.My new favorite seafood place!! I enjoy spicy food and the fact that I could make it very spicy was amazing!! The wait was quite long but it was a Saturday night when I went with friends but the wait was worth it. I am craving the food here and will need to come back soonThe shake has good seafood for a great price. Everything I have tasted which is mostly everything has come out great from them. The establishment is clean and the employees are nice. They also also let you sing your signature on the wall which is a great concept.I really enjoyed myself and would highly recommend. My husband and I found the atmosphere very comfortable and plus we always enjoy each other's company. The price was well worth the quality and I will be going back again. Great seafood within great distance !!!! A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+Let's start with the place is interesting. Wooden walls where customers can write on. Pleasant  light and open design. 
All the seafood in their special sauce was pretty good! But It wasn't a 5 star. Something  between 3,5 and 4. 
I was surprised by why they serve clams  by the pound. I found out later WHY. Because even regular clams are very tiny. I'm use to those big clams when you get a dozen and you are full. Lol. They were ok, but had send in each and every one of them. I don't think I'd get it again.
Fried Cajun wings were ok as well. 
Shrimp on the other side was on point! Fresh, cooked just right and simply delicious! I would definitely come back for it!  My favorite part of the meal! 
Snow crabs were waaaay too soft, till the point that you can't get it out of the shell. Taste really good though. 
Whoever is cooking on the back knows what they are doing! But need to work on their timing. 
I would definitely give this place another shot. And recommend it for a friend. 
And waiters were very courteous and friendly!Good place for seafood  good music  and every waitress ive have had always been nice  
Gets pretty crowded but they are fastFood was absolutely delicious..it's byob so take advantage. They give you a nice size portion. I got the crab legs and shrimp and even had shrimp to take home. Spice and flavor delicious. I'll be back for sure! Service was great too.Excellent service and food was terrific. Had jumbo fried shrimp basket and wings to go.
Crowded and noisy but folks were having a ball! Wait for take out for some was long but hostess and staff were working fast as they could. Phone never stopped on take out orders nor the line waiting. Incredible!! Saturday night, prepare for crowds and wait, but well worth it!!!!deliciously seasoned to perfection! i recommend this place ! it's all so filling as well .We heard good things about The Shake Seafood and wanted to give it a try! We got mild cajun crab and mussels, a shrimp basket, and a side of hush puppies. Everything tasted very good and for a slow night the staff was friendly and attentive. The shrimp batter was flaky and had no spice to them. The mild flavoring on the crab and mussel was a true mild and had excellent flavor. There was plenty of food for two. We'd definitely go back when we want some seafood boil.Perfectly seasoned and cooked. I had the shrimp, crab legs, baby clams, mussels, and hush puppies. Everything was delicious. It was literally like a foodgasm in my mouth. Sorry tmi lol but that's how good it was. I got the shake sauce, hot. Will definitely be returning. Highly recommended.The Shake sauce was awesome and the crab legs and shrimp were too. My only complaint is they are overpriced for the amount of food you get. I usually go to Sal's produce and broad & fairmount and you get waaaayyy more food and vegetables for the same price. I paid forty dollars for shrimp, two crab cluster, half corn on the cob and 2 potatoes. At Sal's I would have had crab legs, 2 lobster tails, shrim, broccoli, whole corn on the cob and potatoes. All this in an aluminum tray. (Not a plastic bag). Other than that It's ok.I went here on 5/13 and ordered for takeout. The food was SOOO GOOD! They slice the shrimps, shell so it's easy to peel. They offer the choice of head on or head off shrimp. With head off, it's $2 more but you'll end up with more shrimp because of the weight. I also got crab legs and the seasoning was ON POINT. The combo of the shrimp and crab legs came with 2 sides. I got both corn. It's 10% off now until 5/30 for your order and I definitely will be returning soon. I found another favorite spot !!First time visiting, the customer service was good and so was the food. If I do return it won't be for the  pound of snow crabs and shrimp. Not at all worth $40.The food is BOMB. I ordered 2lbs of crawfish, crab legs and a lbs of shrimp, hush puppies and it's BYOB so I brought my own beer. We were a party of 9 so we knew from the reviews it would be a wait-- it was 2hrs. We all left satisfied. 
HOWEVER. The service. It seriously lacks. Tina was a god send-- very nice, courteous and attentive. But y'all have been in business for a year now-- there's got to be a better way to cut the wait time. The gentlemen you had cleaning up were young, they were cursing on the floor-- complaining about wanting to leave on time that night. The hostess is the first person you encounter in any establishment, and their vibes set the whole tone for the dining experience-- don't be afraid to fire your rude ass niece if she can't respect and be cordial to your customers. Like wtf 
Overall, y'all are on to something based on the food. So don't switch that up. But competition is ALWAYS in abundance-- so I'd suggest a serious overhaul in staffing or y'all won't make it much farther.This place is hands down the best in Philly by far. I drove 50 mins just for a bag of crawfish so you know this place has to be tops. I am still deciding if I want to make the drive tonight, I think I will it's that's good . Please open another location little closure KOP.A friend of mine introduced me to this place. Before dinning here, I was not the biggest fan of seafood. My friend insisted that I was going to like the seasoning/flavor  they add to the seafood and that I had to try it. I went ahead and gave it a try and I loved it ! We ordered all our combos with " the shake sauce" and it takes amazing. It's a combination of cajun, garlic butter, & lemon pepper.The food is amazing. The only thing I would recommend is to lay off the salt when cooking the crab legs ..the amount of flavor for the sauce does the jobWent here a few months ago to see what the hype was about. I ordered my seafood to go. I had the pick n peel shrimp, soft shell fried crab, corn on the cob and seasoned fries. It was just ok. The soft shell crabs had an odd taste to me. As if they were fried with onion rings. All I could taste was onion rings. Yet I hadn't ordered any. The shrimp were crunchy. I liked the sauce. Corn & fries were ok. Oddly enough the place was packed. Maybe I ordered the wrong items from the menu. I would definitely do a do-over. This time I'll order something totally different. Before I throw in the towel on this place. Even though the food didn't Wow me & make me want more. I believe in second chances.Top notch food ! My favorite is the crab legs with the Cajun sauce with a side of hush puppiesI've always ordered delivery, because otherwise everyone around me would need to wear lobster bibs, or maybe shield themselves with open umbrellas, considering the shark feeding frenzy I go into while I slurp an entire pound of shrimp with heads in Shake sauce, by myself, in my own land of shrimp heads, some kind of oblivious-to-all-else, altered state of  consciousness. 
However, I will order their delivery no longer, between egregiously rising delivery fees, plus The Shake's gradual decline into skimping on sides until they no longer even offer free corn or potatoes with the food at all (!) (shame on them!).  I've docked them 2 stars (maybe should've docked 3), and I'm not going to visit there, either. 
Instead, I back-engineered the Shake sauce to make for myself at home, found a Korean market source of $6.99/lb shrimp with heads, and now my (94 grams of protein in one sitting) feeding-frenzy can splatter the walls with awesome sauce at a fraction of the cost. This, with as many sauce-soaked corn and red potatoes as I care to add, and btw I'll buy them organic, too. Thanks for the inspiration, Shaky!Basic crab legs but the butter garlic seasoning is delicious. The prices were average for seafood. In my opinion, they should give you a couple extra potatoes. You get to choose one side, either corn or a tiny potato. I got a side of corn and it wasn't even a whole ear of corn. It was good but not sure if I would go back. I prefer places that serve items like bread and salad with your meals.Oh my lord!!!  It started out as a nice night out with the hubby and baby girl. It ended with shake sauce on my cheek, on the bib,  in my eyebrow....I was head deep into the 4 clusters and 1lb of shrimp, lost to the world around me.  I was in a dream of seafood heaven with shake sauce clouds.  So, so goodFoods always amazing!! I was just upset that I ordered 1 pound of shrimp, crab legs & mussels and asked for potatoes & corn.
They only put 1 potato and 1 corn. It was to share with 3 people. Also when I got home, there were no gloves, napkins or anything else that I've gotten before when I've ordered.
Nonetheless, the flavor is amazing & one of the best places I've been to so ill be back again and again. LolMe and the missus visited The Shake Seafood on Saturday for dinner.  The restaurant is a little difficult to find because it's located in the rear of the complex. My directions kept telling me I had arrived but I didn't see the venue until driving up the driveway.  There is plenty of off street parking.in the mall parking lot.  We walked in and were seated immediately.  A friendly waitress came and took our drink order. They only have soft drinks currently.  I asked if they were a byob establishment and I was told that they were looking into the requirements for it.  The waitress returned with our drinks and took our order. The steamed seafood is all served by the pound. We ordered clams and shrimp. We picked Cajun flavor and chose medium heat.  We also ordered the fried catfish basket.  We snacked on some buttered popcorn while waiting for our food. We found out that the restaurant has only been open for two weeks.  There were four flat screens displaying different sporting events. The food arrived pretty quick and after snapping some pictures we dug in.  The clams were tasty think old bay seasoning, but were on the smaller side.  I noticed on the menu that they offer two sizes maybe we got the baby ones. The shrimp were okay nothing spectacular. I kept thinking I could have gone to my local market bought a pound of shrimp and clams had them steamed and seasoned and it would have been just as good and less money.  The clams and shrimp both came to the table in a plastic bag. A small piece of corn and a half of a potato were included.  The highlight of the meal was the catfish fingers.  Four lightly breaded pieces of catfish fried perfectly.  Full disclosure I had just eaten some amazing seafood on Thursday so The Shake Seafood was up against some tough competition and I have been to a similar style restaurant in DC called Hot & Juicy which was awesome. Not sure if I'll be back the wife says no. Oh yeah they gave all the women a rose and they are giving a 10% discount on the check until the 30th.The wait was extremely long but I guess that's not at the fault of the establishment. Although the system could be improved. My biggest issue was the service and time. We finally sat after waiting 3 & 1/2 hours only 4 ppl. But a table of two sat beside us and ordered an appetizer and entree but it came out about 30mins before ours. 
The food was ok tho. 
Also server Tina, was extremely slow for no apparent reason.My sister and dined here about 2 weeks ago on a Sunday night. We got here around 7:45pm, and it was very crowded. There was a 45 minute to an hour wait time to dine in. We ordered the crawfish, crabs, shrimp w/ potatoes and corn in Mild Shake sauce. The food was good, but the sauce lacked flavor. The place has good potential and is a very good concept. I would still return, and probably bring a bottle nsince it is BYOB. 
Update: I've been here 2 more times since my first visit and they have gotten better with the wait time. The most recent times I've been I haven't waited longer than 20 mins. I also like the music options while dining, and I made sure to bring a bottle when visiting. The flavor is still lacking a bit, but the seafood itself is good. If the place wasn't so far from where I reside I would visit more often.Awesome, excellent service. Good music and great food. Reasonable prices. I give them a 4 star because I wish they had Dungeness crabs. They are a BYOB and they do provide glasses of ice. The wait times can be very long, but it's worth it.Food is always good. Reasonably priced. Small so the wait can be long. But that because everybody goes there!!!First time Saturday. 
Parking can get full.
This is a crab boil style place where your seafood is cooked and placed in a bag with a sauce, potato, corn and sausage. 
Wait: we were seated pretty fast and from the looks of it, we juuuust beat the crowd. As we sat and ate, it became very crowded and this was about 3:30pm. In the evening it gets really crowded so pack patience.
Service: Our server Mira wasn't good with checking on us. We had to ask other service for assistance. Our food took about 20 min. 
Food: the options can be build your own or choose their combos. Seafood is market price. Orders are by the pound. I had the frozen crawfish which were really big and meaty! crab legs also; both in The Shake sauce.  My Sister got the Shrimp & Crab legs. The shrimp were a nice size. You had the option of corn OR potato (Which were small)  however if you order more than a pound of seafood, you could get both. They charge for the sausage.  The places I've gone to offered all included. There wasn't any taste to the sauce and to top it off there wasn't much sauce in the bag. When we asked for extra,  they brought us out a small take out cup of their sauce. Lol we couldn't do anything with that. We got full fast and took a good portion to go.
Pricing: typical. Around $35 
The best thing is their BYOB option. I suggest BYOS: bring your own seasoning. 
I will go back with a group of friends to see if they've gotten better.Seafood was fresh, server was friendly but forgot parts of our order and was attentive. Food was served fast and we overall enjoyed our meal. Bathroom was clean.Absolutely the best and closest thing to the beech without leaving the city!! Service was amazing , came in a zesty shake sauce and would easily be bake for dinner tomorrow. Combo with Cajun fries is a perfect meal for two. Great environment great service even better foodI drive 40 mins to get take out from this place! I love their shake sauce in the hot spice level. It's absolutely amazing! My brother whom hates spicy food couldn't stop eating it. Well worth the buck!As I type this, just know that I am pissed! I absolutely loved The Shake Seafood but it didn't love me!  The atmosphere is great! You can bring your own bottle. The location is great as there's plenty of parking. The prices are nice! Not expensive at all and portions are worth the price. Customer service is great! Even the wait for our food was minimal. Everyone was so nice and even the patrons seemed to be enjoying themselves. My food was delicious however I'm guessing there were too many seasonings and they didn't agree with my stomach. Anyway, it sucked to be me.  I would definitely recommend this seafood restaurant and hope that this place remains as pleasant as it was when I visited it!Seafood is fresh and delicious very small environment...byob...dont forget to leave your signature!The shake seafood  is one of the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I have been to this place 3 times and every time i came here the food is always delicious. Not to mention this place is byob. So if your in the northeast Philadelphia area please stop here you will not be mad. The crabs, shrimp  bag is excellentThe king crab legs with shake sauce level hot are amazing.  To avoid the wait suggest getting an order to go as it was great even at homeI was in town visiting a friend and found this place because we were really craving seafood. We're both from the South, and places like this are really common. 
We saw the positive reviews and decided to give it a try. Definitely not disappointed whatsoever. The wait was about an hour when we put our name down. The place isn't that big, and they don't rush people to eat, so there were some parties that were taking their time, celebrating birthdays, etc. They take down your phone number and will call you so you can wait in your car if you want. We were seated basically exactly an hour after we put our name down, so the estimate was accurate. 
They have three different seasoning choices to choose from (I got the garlic butter), and then you can choose your spice level (non spicy for me). When you first are seated, you're given a small side of popcorn which was random, but honestly pleasant just to munch on while we waited. 
It didn't take long for our food to arrive. I got the combo bag of shrimp w/ the heads and snow crab legs. I also added a pound of crawfish. You get two crab leg clusters and a pound of shrimp. It comes with corn and potatoes. 
One difference from the south I will say is that the amount of sauce/juice in the bag is much less, but it's still more than enough to dip meat in. The flavor was good and the portion was great. I only had about three shrimp left when it was all said and done. 
Prices seemed on par for what I expect from seafood up North. It's a few dollars more than I would pay back home, but that's to be expected. 
We saw reviews about the service being terrible, but our waitress was great and I asked another worker for an extra pair of gloves and he got them for me immediately. 
I would definitely return back here if I'm in the area again!I got a fried oyster plate to go. It was very good. Not stingy with the oysters. Fries were hot and crispy. Worth the $10. In the mood for seafood in the area I would recommend