Never had a problem ordering from them until today. I ordered a grilled chicken Caesar salad for lunch and ended up getting food poisoning. What little bit of chicken I did eat was chewy and tasted horrible. Bah! Will never be ordering from here again, that's for sure. Thanks for the unpleasant Friday night I'm currently enduring.I never knew how those "It's not delivery, it's Digornio" commercials could actually try to convince people their pizza is better than hand made pizza.  That is, until I had Napoli's.  Maybe I'm a bit biased because it took them 90 minutes to deliver my pizza on a Wednesday night.  But it came to me cold, the crust taste like biting into flour, and the sauce seems like something they bought on the clearance aisle of a walmart grocery section.  
The icing on the cake is they forgot my beverages.  I will never order from this place again.I have to agree with Caitlin.  The pizza here is surprisingly good, basic east coast pizza.  My favorite pizza is the large square pizza with olives.  yum.  I have also gotten a BLT (random, I know), and although it could have been due to the hangover, it was amazing.Like a lot of other people I live nearby and that is why I go there. It is basic pizza. Not the best, not the worst. The sausages on the pizza are a little weird, but what can ya do if you want pizza and don't feel like walking. This place is super close and the lady at the front is very nice.Ok place but not the best around. Square pizza is really good, and the salads are a good deal for the price and size. Rest of stuff on the menu is average at best.Fresh and tasty pizzas but delivery is TOO SLOW - some of my guests had to leave while waiting. Took an hour and twenty minutes and we're just 8 blocks away!guy who answers the  phone is rude and cocky. I ordered two items and you would have thought I ordered 50 specialty orders. I've ordered from here before so I guess he didn't need to verify my address (they obviously store addresses in their computer by phone number, a little disturbing...wonder if my credit card info is on file without my consent too?) but he should have because I wasn't home! I felt like calling back but I didn't wanna deal with this douche lord and the driver would call me anyway. I was around the corner and walked around my house when the guy called. TAKE SOME TIME TO LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! prices have increased recently also, not worth ordering from there anymore.Friendly and delicious enough said.  Buffalo chicken pizza was our go to while in philly.  I miss it alreadyWe had an excellent pizza it was a white pizza with ricotte cheese and tomatoes. It was a bit pricey but it was an excellent pizza.  This was the best improvement over the last pizza we ordered from there several years ago. We are in South Philly but we will definitely order there again.You go somewhere else, now!
This was the owner's comment to me after I returned an order of chicken wings. Why did I return a "To Go" order of chicken wings?  Having had their wings to go once before, I knew that they used styrofoam containers. A poor choice of container material for chicken wings straight out of the frier. As you may already be guessing, the chicken wings melted through the styrofoam.  Mmmm what is this delicious foamy coating on my wings?  Having learned a lesson with my first order, I specifically asked them to not use a styrofoam container with my wings order or to completely wrap the wings in wax paper or foil.  After getting my next order home and being assured that the wings were completely wrapped in wax paper, I was disappointed to see that no they had not wrapped the wings in paper and yes the wings did melt the styrofoam container again.  
So, I returned the order of wings within 10 minutes of paying for them.  During my returning of the wings the owner came to the register and asked why I was returning the wings.  I explained that they melted through the styrofoam which is not a healthy situation.  I also suggested that they not serve hot food items in styrofoam unless they advertise that the food comes with a styrofoam coating.  Apparently, the customer is not always right in certain places.  He said "You go some-a-where else-a now".  And I say, "Gladly-a sir!"Very rude and argumentative staff/manager. Argued about mistake with pizza and blaming customer. Overpriced pizza. 1 large pie and salad cost $28 and pizza was not what was ordered. Felt sick for 24 hours after eating their food. Don't go here!!!I would bet that this place which was consistent for 40 years is under new management or they hired new manager.  Raised price. Rude on phone   Pizza cold they cut down on products they use.   
.....................................................................My roommate, roommate's parents, girlfriend and I stopped in here after returning our U-Haul truck last Saturday night. After a long day it was refreshing to find a place still open in that neighborhood that wasn't a packed bar or a dressy place. I had a burger, but my roommate had a calzone, which was excellent. This is a great neighborhood pizza place, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find it.Delivered wrong item. Refused to replace wrong item for senior with food allergies. Ugh. Claimed the woman said the wrong item when she repeated the order (um what?!) and since my dad took a bite (um he thought it was going to be what he ordered), they wouldnt replace it. Wow. So many other places out there worth your business.I live across the street, as well. 
It's your run of the mill no apologies pizza joint. I haven't had the pizza here though (and from some of the reviews, that's probably a good thing.)
But I have had the buffalo chicken hoagie, and the buffalo chicken strips, and they were both fine. 
If I wasn't so lazy I'd walk somewhere better, but it's there. 
The employees are really nice as well.Update:
I ordered one of their more expensive (about $11) Italian platters and it knocked my socks off.  The chicken florentine penne has a great garlic cream sauce, loads of tender chicken, spinach, smothered with mozzarella cheese and comes with a side of garlic bread (which is just a bun with garlic butter on it but it did the job) AND a side salad.  It was a fairly large meal.  The side salad however was just iceberg lettuce and cucumbers and tomatoes.  I rarely to never eat large slices of raw tomatoes so for me it was just cucumbers and lettuce.  Had the salad been better, I may have given it another star.
It was no Randazzo's but that meal did me good.I stopped in for drunk food after going to dinner and doing and improvised bar crawl with some friends.  This place is bright and clean, with friendly staff. I ordered 20 mild wings and 3 cannolis. Upon completion, I announced to my friends that next time we'll order food from this place before and after the next crawl.I have been going there for years and now they will not give you a cup for water. I think when a customer orders $30 of food and drinks and then asks for one cup for water is not too much to ask. The guy said we could buy a bottle of water. No thanks. Over the years the employees and owners of this place have gotten more and more rude. That was our last visit there. If you can not give a repeat customer a cup for water then have just lost that cistumer.We are pizza lovers and I must say we keep coming back for more! Good pie! Wish they used real mushrooms though. They do offer Monday specials too!The food is whatever, it's been said here by plenty of other people.
The crazy thing to me is the variety of quality of service. I've lived 100 yards away for two years and have only ever dealt with three counter employees, all women, and their personalities are as follows, in order:
1) Friendliest person in South Philly
2) Always just a little friendly or just a little/medium amount grumpy
3) Treats me every time like I ran over her dog
Is this dynamic familiar to anyone else?I tried their Buffalo Chicken wrap, which came with their homemade chips and coleslaw.  The wrap was great.  It was a nice size and seasoned well.  It was also obvious that they used fresh ingredients.  The chips were lacking in salt, but it's easier to add it than having to take it away bc they over salted them.  The cole slaw was yummy, but they give you a very tiny portion.  It didn't bug me so much after munching on the wrap and the chips, but I figured I throw it out there for any slaw lovers. ;)
I also tried some mozzarella sticks.  Those were great.  They didn't taste like some frozen junk and the sauce was definitely house made, but a bit watery.  It was impressive for neighborhood pizza shop food and I'll likely eat here again.eh...it's ok.  Right around the corner from my dad's place.  You'd think a pizza joint in the heart of little Italy in South Philly would be amazing, but it's really disappointingly average.  The kind of pizza joint I would find in Reading, PA...where I live.  It's not the worst, but it's nothing special.If not for the fact that I can fart in my house, walk over to pick up a slice, and still smell my own stench, I would probably never frequent the place. For whatever reason, the pepperoni pie is always a safe bet, but everything else is par at best. I'd love for someone to research the claim that this is "the original home of the panzarotti," for if that is true, it was created by...Greeks?Fresh ingredients, great white pizza!  Vegetarian options are available too.  Delivers, open during normal hours.Boyfriend was out with his friends for the night which allowed me to eat whatever I wanted no matter how gross.  The goal was cheesy garlic bread and mashed potatoes but I couldn't find anywhere that had both options so I settled for giving this place a shot via grubhub. They didn't have garlic cheese bread but they had garlic bread and I requested they add cheese stating I'd be happy to pay extra.  They had a delivery minimum (but no charge!) so I threw on a BLT club and some jalapeno poppers (don't judge me).  
At 9:49p (immediately after I placed my order) I got a text saying it'd be here between 50 and 60 minutes.  Cool, sweatpants time. 10 minutes later there was a dude ringing by doorbell and saying "you were sleep; I know this!". he was friendly and SO FAST!
Now for the food.  The focal point for me was the garlic cheese bread & marinara. While they honored my request to add cheese (a .70 cent upcharge), it isn't something I'd get again. It was a footlong hoagie smeared with a weird garlic spread or oil and some white cheese melted on it.  I got what I asked for but it wasn't too good. The club was perfect. Exactly what I asked for and delicious; came with what I think were house made chips, which were delicious. The poppers were fine. They weren't amazing, they weren't gross, they were fine. I usually prefer them to be slightly spicy (hence the jalepeno) and these weren't really.  Also the marinara is slightly watery.  Something came with come cole slaw that I didn't/won't eat.
In short I'd try them again.  If you need something 50 minutes sooner than you're expecting on a Saturday night, give them a shot.everyone else seems to be right on the mark with their reviews of this place...especially James, because I find myself in a similar situation living right across the street.
two other items of note: 
the Texas Rancher Wrap is pretty decent
and their fries are always crispy and on the money
not a bad place to go after drinking at the Dive or 12 Steps, or any other Bella Vista establishmentHave used Napoli of many years...i liked their pizza. Ive heard many mixed things about them and the owner and stories of how hostle the have been to people in the area. Well i  had ANOTHER pizza that wasnt kept flat and arrived with everything to one side of the pie. I sent back ONE pizza in all the years ive used them. I got a message from the owner that i always complain and i cant buy anything from them. WHAT A TRUE ASS. I now knew fist hand why so many dont go there anymore. Such a shame. If they got ride of the owner it would be a ok place.Ate here with a friend a week or two ago. So.. given that it's taken me that long to say anything about it, that's pretty much how I felt about it. 
Fairly run of the mill. We got a regular large half pepperoni. I thought their strength was the crust. It was thin but not droopy, big plus. Not dried out and crispy either. Just enough grease, no need to break out the napkins.Not terrible, but also not good.  I find myself getting pizza from here occasionally because it's a block away, but I always regret doing it.  Too many other good spots in close range to justify eating here.  And if you can't get to those (why?), just go without pizza.We were originally going to Royal Tavern, but saw it was way overcrowded for our tastes.   We looked around and saw this place.   Figured we would give it a try.   We are from out of town and we do enjoy good places to eat. 
We came in and sat down to gather ourselves.  We ended up placing a rather large order.   Wings, Calzone and spaghetti and meatballs and 2 drinks.
The hostess was really sweet.   The wings were really good and that's about it.
The Spaghetti and meatballs was very bland and didn't have much flavor to it.
The Calzone was just a pizza flipped in half.   No ricotta cheese at all.  Very little marinara sauce. 
It's okay for a quick stop for a slice or something quick,  but not worth going out of the way for.I live South of Synder and I will travel to get pizza from these guys. Very good stuff. Gotta try their ranch chicken pizza, Sooooo GOOD!My roommates and I used to order from here at least once a week when we all lived together a few years ago. We even had a song that we sang when we went to order, it went like this:
"Napoli pizzaaa,
take a order pleeeeease...
1 large pizza,
with sausage, peppers and cheeeese..."
Catchy, I know. But the pizza got worse and worse over the years. Pizza's started coming under-cooked, or burnt. Delivery times ended up being over an hour. We were regulars here, but not anymore. I also think they might need a makeover of their menu. It's pretty large and when one place offers that much stuff, you have to wonder how often the cooks make some of the less common foods. Maybe a bit of a marketing makeover, and some focus on the food would help regain this pizza place's reputation.I've been a customer for 8 years. The food, once pretty ggod, has really gone down hill.
Frozen wings reheated and microwaved, Spagetti and pasta is slop. The pizza has never been up to Philly standards except for the square pies.Today, sadly its mediocre  at best. You can do much better !I want to like this place since it is the closest pizza place to me. They weren't too pleasant on the phone but delivery was quick. We ordered a buffalo chicken pizza. The chicken was very fried and overly greasy. It wasn't that good. Super greasy and not spicy at all. I wouldn't order it again. Maybe other menu options are better.I like Napoli. I'm biased because it is my neighborhood place. I disagree with the bad reviews. I'm glad it's my local spot. Standard pies, tasty and consistent. On a scale of one to five stars and Domino's was a one, Napoli would be 50,000.Jalapeño poppers are frozen same as a supermarket box- why can't these be hand made fresh? The Italian market is right around the corner for fresh peppers.
The French fries are soggier than a school lunch. The panzerotti is too oily. The best thing I've tried here is the square pizza pieWhen you're just moving in and all you want is pizza to go with your beer, this place hits the spot.  I agree with other reviewers.  It's not flashy and there definitely is better pizza to be had.  With that being said, it's pretty good.  Basic standard pepperoni pie.  I asked for it well done and I guess they did their best.  It tasted pretty good and the crust wasn't too thick.
I don't think I'll call it my goto pizza spot, but when it's so close (around the corner) and I'm feeling lazy, I'll hit up Napoli again.Should of just went with my gut and ordered from francos...i should of known that 18.99 for 7 mozzarella sticks, 8 onion ring and a 2L soda was too good to be true. One the woman on the phone was so blah i would of thought she was fallin asleep, then she kept putting me on hold. Two the driver calls me to tell me he's here and wanted me to come out to his car??? Dude im at work, im not coming out to your car! He asked for a tip which he didnt get cause of how rude he was. Food was cold and bland. The pizza was so thick and tuff, i had to pull it just to get a bite. Mozzarella stick cold! Onion rings cold! And battered thick... yup this is a first and last for me.I too have the same "across the street" situation, and find laziness and convenience leading me to Napoli more often than I like. That being said, they do some things well. I find the square pizza to be far superior to their normal pizza, so stick with that. The "Chicken Cutlet Napoli" is your typical South Philly broccoli rabe/sharp provy sandwich, but they use good bread and its rather tasty. Most of their apps are forgettable (fries were eh, mozzarella sticks were gross.) Stick to the square pie and you'll find this place useful.i love napoli's.
end of story.
all of you crackers that gave it bad reviews need to get out of this neighborhood.Greasy but just what this pregnant chick wanted. Order the chicken ranch pizza and add bacon.One of the young ladies behind the counter has a nasty attitude.  Note to owner: higher someone more qualified.  You will gain more business instead of lose.Absolutely love Napoli pizza! Excellent quality food and service! Plus they have the original Panzarotti!!! Thor delivery is super fast and the food is always of a high qualityLast year I worked at a horrendous job, and at the end of the day, I had no energy to cook. Napoli, which was right down the street from me at the time, often gave me the comfort of a hot meal. I ordered so frequently from there, the hostess knew my name. She would ask me about my job and how everything was going. I felt like they cared about me as a customer. I frequently ordered the buffalo chicken cheese steak, the eggplant parm, and if I wasn't too hungry, a slice of pizza. I really miss living close to this place! Great neighborhood spot.I ordered a cheese pizza here...Are you kidding me I would of rather had a frozen one.   It was cardboard, no flavor, and sorry we laughed that anyone could serve or eat this....I've never had anything bad here.  Love the cheese steaks both beef and chicken. Pizza is the best.  You also can't go wrong with the salads.This place has become my new go-to. I really enjoy their paninis and chicken cheesesteaks. The only reason I gave 4 stars in that some items are expensive. 
Recommendation: some specialty personal sized pizzas would be great. Buffalo chicken please.I'm going to stick up for Napoli. Sure, their pizza is typical pizzeria pizza but you have to try their Italian dishes. For delivery, you cannot beat it. My personal favorite is the Chicken Florentine but the Fettucine Alfredo, Baked Manicotti and Baked Ziti are all good as well. They also come with salad and garlic bread. Seriously, it's really good!I give Napoli's 5 stars because their Sicilian (square pizza) is where it's at!! I love a great Italian place that knows their way around a pizza and other standard Italian food and this place is exactly that. Also, not expensive! They always have specials and deals going on, so def. ask or stop in and pick up their menus-to-go, which have coupons inside! The delivery is fast, too. Manga!Napoli has one of the best veggie wraps in South Philly. It comes with homemade chips, which are amazing. The delivery is fast and the staff is really friendly.This place is around the block from my new place in Queen Village, closer than any other restaurant for food to go. It's so close that delivery would take longer than walking. And so far, we've made a good dent in their menu: the cheesesteaks are okay, their chicken cheesesteaks are better; their white pizza is not impressive but their pepperoni is spot on; their onion rings are good and fries are better, but the cheese for the fries is a disappointment.
I wouldn't go out of my way for this food, because while it's good, there are most definitely better places around. But when I don't go feel like going out of my way, this place rewards my laziness with good, consistent, reasonably priced food.
And you gotta love that old school cigarette machine.One of my neighborhood places I'll frequent. I like Napoli! A buddy of mine grew up on their food and since I moved to the area, its not bad at all. The pizza is unremarkable, but I've had worse. They have a few chicken dishes that are just fantastic and reasonably priced.
I had the chicken parm one time and didn't like it. Shared it with a friend who also didn't like it.
I prefer homemade pizza and will do that frequently, but sometimes you just need a Stella and a slice. Napoli is one of the better slices you'll get in the area, in my opinion.Super. Amazing gem. Found by accident and I'll definitely be back. Buffalo chicken cheesesteak was hotter than expected but a great choice. I'll bring the family for sure.I have been getting my pizza here for 25 years. It is my favorite pizza. Usually I pick it up but if need be delivery is timely and courteous.They're around the corner from us so we probably order from them way too often but the staff is friendly, pickup is quick (delivery is usually fast, too) and we've never been disappointed with the food. We've Tried tons of other pizza places and delis in south philly and they serve decent deli/corner pizzeria fare. Also a plus that you can stop in and get a fresh slice.Place isn't too far but took a bit over 1 hour for delivery, but I ordered directly from there rather than the usual Grubhub which seems faster. Calzone was a bit high at around $12 but it's huge... however there was tons of rubbery mozzarella, which felt like eating chewing gum at first. Aside from all that it was pretty good.I was originally just going to order a large cheese pizza and call it a day. But then I saw their sweet potato WAFFLE fries as a menu option and decided to treat myself... thinking that some crunchy, delicious fries would be satisfying. 
Man, was that a poor choice!
The delivery was speedy and both the delivery person and the girl that picked up the phone when I placed the order were nice. However, upon opening the lid of a small styrofoam container, all I saw was soggy and long, thinly cut slices of (barely) fried orange potatoes. What the hell happened to the "waffle" part of my fries?
If I wanted crappy, disappointing french fries like these then I would have just cooked some myself in my kitchen! 
When I called to inquire what had happened, I was asked "What do you want to do about it?" So, I asked for my $3.75 back. The impatient supposed manager or owner (who knows?)  then got on the phone and proceeded to huff and puff about how they ran out of ingredients and started making excuses and blaming people on his staff. Honestly, get it together, buddy.
He eventually agreed to credit my card back, but obviously did so grudgingly.
In the end, he lost a customer... and a bunch of others after I share this experience with everyone I know in Philly.
The pizza was decent, comparatively.I really liked it. The slice with two toppings is like 3.25 and it was good. The service was quick and they have tables inside and bathrooms. It is the only cheap pizza place in the area.Stopped by Napoli Saturday after Escaping the Room in Philly.  Like many here, we stopped by due to the proximity.  It's right around the corner from our friends house and they order their regularly(due to the proximity).  My first time there and I certainly enjoyed it.  We came in the middle of a downpour and were so happy to be in a warm dry place!  I did NOT put any of my wet clothing in the pizza oven, but I was certainly thinking about it while we perused the menu.  
Not much in ambience.  They have a little TV (Copa America playing) and a few booths\tables.  Most of the action is at the counter where people are ordering\picking up food.  The girl behind the counter was incredibly friendly and very sweet to us first timers.  She probably pittied us as we looked like a couple wet dogs after the pouring rain we just came out of.  She was very patient with us as we had a few questions.  We did see she got several calls in a row and had to put them on hold, but this is status quo at most busy places.  The customers in the store get a bit of a perk vs the customers on the phone.
We ended up ordering delivery, which took just under an hour(also their estimated time of delivery).  We got...a turkey wrap, 2 salads, a slice to go, and a large square 1/2 pepperoni pizza, which as others have noted, is quite tasty and better than their round ones, altho I could only compare it to the slice I had, I have to agree!  The counter girl told the kitchen the slice was to go, not part of the delivery, which I neglected to mention.  We were so wet, cold, and hungry, it was a heavenly slice of pie.  But once we got the square pie delivered I quickly forgot about that slice!  
Salad was freshly made, dressing on the side.  Bit expensive for a bunch of veggies but it was good.  Turkey wrap was also good, but the square pizza stole the show!  I just love my those corner pieces of pie!  Our friends there have a 2 week old baby so we expect to be seeing more of him, and Napoli Pizza!I rank their chicken cheese steak as top 2 in the city.
I always say you can get a better cheese steak (or a meatball, pork, etc.) from a corner pizza joint than any of the tourist traps. There is a certain shack off of Delaware Ave with a man's name in the title that is my top.
But Napoli's chicken cheese steak is right there at the top, bar none, hands down.
Chopped fine, with a slightly toasted / charred role, with a little salt, pepper, and I like ketchup on it (so it's warm and melts with the cheese) = HEAVEN. What an excellent sandwich.Got delivery from here. Not too bad. Not overly priced for the city and delivery got there quickly. We got multiple toppings on our pizza and they definitely do not cheat you. Also - the wings are pretty good! Would recommend if in the area for delivery.Start with the fact that the food is bad. Literally I can't understand how they stay in business. 
On top of this they have terrible customer service. When my senior citizen in laws had the wrong sandwich delivered they accused them of lying about what they ordered so as not to replace it. 
The world is full of good pizza places, don't waste your business hereI've ordered from this place a couple of times and it's really nothing special.  My first experience was a walk in and I had a chicken sandwich.  I was pretty tasty, worth the price.  Next visit, we ordered grilled cheese, both were plain white bread with American cheese.  Seriously?  
Tonight my roomie and I ordered delivery because it was cold out.  Yes, it's a Friday and cold so maybe it is busy, but an hour to deliver?  That's a little long considering they are like 5 blocks away.
The pizza used canned mushrooms.  This has got to be my worst pet peeve with pizza places.  Fresh mushrooms aren't that hard to come by, not that expensive, and taste so much better.  The rest of the pizza was not much better, and kinda pricey for the quality.  Just about the only redeeming quality of the pizza was the crust.  The chicken wings were also very fatty.  
Mostly a pass, but their sandwiches are pretty good.Okay I am ready to except hate mail for this, including from James D., but I've been a Philly food reviewer, a Philly restaurant-scene snob and a Lorenzo's regular and I think that Napoli's fresh ricotta cheese pizza is BETTER THAN ANYTHING FROM LORENZO & SONS (gulp!).
I've eaten at Lorenzo's so many times, but it just doesn't compare.
Okay - Napoli's is a bit shady. I wandered in because nothing else was open one night and immediately thought it was going to be horrible (and I'm sure if you order chicken parmigana or a hamburger it would be). Push your Philly-pizza-snob nose down and order this pizza (add broccoli rabe or sausage, too).
I swear if you try this pizza and think I'm wrong I will change this review to one star.
And yes, I am Italian.Customer service fail! I asked for a cup of water, when ordering food, and was told by the counter person that he gets a hard time if he gives a customer a cup for water or lets someone use the bathroom who's not a customer. Hello, I am a customer! (although probably won't be again).This place never gets your order right.  And are not agreeable when you explain they have made a mistake.v
Dont order from them they are not nice people