Are waitress is really sweet she's very attentive sooo far impressed :) we'l see how it compares to Fogo de chao:) sooo far it's beautiful in here:)Delicious food, nice atmosphere, good service....A Go!My husband and I came here tonight for restaurant week.  This was our first time at the Capital Grille, and we were NOT disappointed!  We each had a salad, him the Caesar and me the mixed greens with roasted tomatoes, both outstanding.  We both had the 14 oz bone in sirloin.  Amazing!  All the sides were delicious as were our desserts.  Excellent service from our waiter too.  We will definitely be back!Went for valentine's day dinner, had a sharaz bottle of wine from Australia. I gad the lobster bisque all so good, girlfreind had the wedge salad, very good she said. I had the delmonico steak with peppercorn always to die for, cooked perfectly, she had the filet and was cooked to perfecrion. We than had berries and cream for dessert . Service is always so so good, I never had an issue or a bad meal.Great dinner at Capital Grille! We had a fantastic server (Bob I believe?) who was incredibly wonderful the whole night. Very friendly and a joy to have.  We started off with a glass of red wine- which we picked off a very extensive menu on an Ipad- a very cool and interesting way to have their drinks.
We started off with a complimentary little chip with shrimp as a "starter". We ordered the Filet Mignon and the Porcini Rubbed Bone-In Ribeye. We added sides of brussels sprouts and truffle fries along with our entrees. And they were SO good. The filet mignon was good, a little bit overcooked, but still tasty. The Porcini steak was mind-blowingly good. The sauce complimented everything perfectly, and it was cooked to almost perfection. The brussels sprouts were also tasty - nice and crisp on the outside, but soft and delicious on the inside. The truffle fries- even better. They were unbelievably crisp. Plus, the side entrees were very generous. All of this was more than enough for us two to enjoy. We boxed home half the sides and part of our entree.  
Capital Grille is definitely pricey though- we managed this time with a gift card. Will we come back again? Probably not in the near future. Will we wish we could come back again all the time? Most definitely.I can't say enough. I've never had a bad experience here. The food and drink are excellent and I try to get here as often as I can! Would recommend this place to anybody that would listen!The steak, which is supposed to be the signature, was just mediocre. It was fine but definitely not worth the money. The seared salmon was disappointing. It was too bland. The no bake chocolate espresso cake was pretty good, which is the only reason for the stars. It is way too expensive for the quality they provide.Deeply disappointing. Our waiter Eric was attentive and knowledgeable and the steak, fabulous. Wine selection also very nice, but that's where the positives end. What happened to the class and decorum of this restaurant?? Patrons dining near us with cutoff shorts and Eagles jerseys? Unacceptable. Are they that desperate to fill tables? This used to be a classy restaurant. When returning after theatre for a cocktail, bartenders ignored us until we finally decided to walk over to the hostess to ask if we could get service at a bar table we were sitting at, directly across from the bar. It took forever and finally got a server who was less than pleased to be bothered to do her job. We won't be back. Management should do some major reevaluating of staff, decorum, dress code and attentiveness to clients at this supposedly high end steak house.The Capital Grille is among my top three restaurants of all time. It's definitely the best Steakhouse in Philadelphia, bar none. Everything here is amazing. I challenge anyone to order just one appetizer. The menu practically begs you to overdo it, and I am always more than happy to accommodate. Of course, the steak is what you should be here for, and The Capital Grille is flat-out is incapable of disappointing. You cannot go wrong with any of their selections, but I am a Filet guy, so I usually ask to be hooked up Kona-style, which has a coffee crust. It literally melts in your mouth. Throw in some creamed spinach and their Lobster Mac-N-Cheese, and odds are you will compare every meal from then on to the Capital Grille. Oh, and tip well. The waiters and waitresses are great. Attentive and friendly no matter how busy the place is, in addition to always being quick with a clutch wine recommendation.Went to Capital for one of our friends birthdays and the food was amazing. We tried 1 appetizer, ordered 3 sides (including fries, mashed potatoes) and we all had a different meal. They were all incredible. When the meal was over, we decided to split 3 desserts and each one was amazing (I loved to coconut pie). The staff was very nice and the restaurant was really beautiful. The location was great, but the restaurant was pretty expensive.There are many things I love in this world and 2 of them are steak and scotch.  The Capital Grille has a great selection of both.  It was lunch, so I had to keep one of them to a minimum, sadly I went for minimizing Scotch.  But the drinks were good and so was the steak salad.  I also had a bowl of their lobster bisque (which isn't on the menu, but absolutely worth asking for).  2 words: Scotch and Steak.Everything was ok. Nothing exceptional - nothing terrible. 
I will say the steaks were not seasoned properly - and one of the steaks was slightly under cooked (my son ordered medium but came medium rare - he didn't. Price though) both things were easy to overlook. Just a little salt and it was fine.
Mash potatoes were good. Creamed spinach was not. Salads were underwhelming.Reviews can be subjective, due to your individual experience I know. However, each time I go to Capital Grille (Approximately five times), the food and service have been stellar, so it has to be more than a subjective view. Their seafood is so fresh, and the fries are scrumptious! I'll be going for my sixth time, during restaurant week, so I hope it maintains its five star status. :)  Here's to good eating....Cheers! Updated after Restaurant week...I  had originally rated these guys a five star, but after Restaurant week, I have to take a start away. This time, my expectations were not as high. My friend's seafood was not too fresh, but the service was still stellar. One star less, but still a good rating. Maybe the seventh time will increase it back to a five star : )Awesome evening at Capitol Grill. Food was amazing. I had the lettuce wedge which had the just the right amount off blue cheese and bacon. Then lamb chops - I think there were 8 of them - enough to share with everyone. You must try the Brussels sprouts, which were the best I have ever had. Service was excellent too. I think my waiter's name was Eric. He was funny and engaging without hovering. Great evening.I had really good meal at Capital grille at Providence few years ago. I still remember how proud and profession they were. And the food was absolute perfection. 
I never went other locations but I wanted to try the one in Philly since I had such a amazing time before. 
I got same meal, chowder soup, salad and glazed salmon. Soup was a bit saltier side for me. It was ok eating with bread but in general I am not fan of salty food.
Salad was decent and my salmon was a bit overpowering with citrus sauce. It was pretty but I wasn't amazed like last time. 
The bread basket was warm and good though. And service was good too. But it just wasn't same..Of all the big chain steakhouses in philly. Capital Grille is by far my favorite. I go mainly for the high level of customer service.  Steak is great for a big steakhouse chain but what sets them apart from others is their level of service for sure.  Even if something goes wrong (for us, the wrong dessert was sent to the table) they are always timely and swift in correcting the issue.  Plus it's always nice to feel ritzy thanks to the environment once in awhile.
Overall if you're looking for the solid American steakhouse experience. Capital Grille is where it's at!Had a business dinner at the Capital Grille last month . 
Lively, intelligent crowd at the bar, efficient wait staff,
attentive but not obtrusive. Good wine list. Had the filet
mignon which was excellent - tender and flavorful. Best
I've had in several years. Vegetables cooked properly,
good selection of breads. Acoustics were good where we
were. Our group could chat without shouting, even though
the restaurant was full.
Overall, an enjoyable evening.Visited during restaurant week. I went for lunch and had the mixed green salad.  My salad was ok, I may try the Caesar salad next time. My next course was the salmon and mashed potatoes, both cooked well.  I had creme brûlée for dessert.  All in all no bad for $20 special.  I ordered the mint lemonade which was disappointing I had some of my husbands grapefruit soda which was much better.
My husband had the lobster sandwich with truffle fries, which were delicious! The rolls were great as well.  He had the flour less chocolate cake which was too rich for me.Just average.  In Philadelphia for a conference.  Ate here on a Monday night.  It was pretty busy and the bar was crowded when we arrived.  The service was pretty lackluster.  They ran out of blue cheese olives for dirty martinis.  I was told, "we just ran out because we are really busy".  Unacceptable for a place of this caliber.  Get someone to stuff more or be better prepared.  The food was good but the overall experience was not on par with other Capital Grilles.  Ate at Del Frescos the night prior and there was no comparison.  Much better.I haven't been here in such a long time but once again I was very satisfied. Food was great, as was the service. Lobster Mac and cheese will put you in a food coma. I had a glass of Merlot, and also their house drink (pineapple infused vodka) both were exceptional. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the music appeared to be a little to loud. GREAT PLACE.The first thing to know is this place is CRAZY expensive....however, the portions are big and the food super high quality!  We ordered the calamari for appetizer, got some French onion soup, and the seared tuna for the meal....all were very good!Upscale, somewhat old world, comfortable and satisfying. Great steaks, appetizers & desserts. 
Visited last week with our family and between the six of us were able to make various selections and check each others meals. What we experienced was nothing but great food, perfect service and great atmosphere. Definitely ranks with the best of steak houses in center city.We always have a great experience whenever we go to Capital Grille! The service is perfect and the their steaks are always cooked to perfection. The waiters don't stay until you cut your meat, but it is usually cooked to perfection. The side dishes are amazing, especially the creamed corn with bacon. We go here often and would recommend the philly or King of Prussia place!All I can say is whip out your fancy pants and come have a great meal at Capital Grille. I came to have lunch with my sister in law and I thought this was just going to be a high class red lobster. Well, let's just say, I'm glad I didn't completely slack on my outfit bc I would've felt completely out of place.
The entrance is right on Market, lots of parking lots in this area as well. We had to make a reservation for lunch bc it was restaurant week and all the places downtown book up quickly. We were sat promptly and our various servers were always keeping our water filled and asking if we needed anything else. So above all, the service was amazing. 
As for the food, I started with the clam chowder which was delicious. I assume the regular (non-restaurant week) portion is much bigger bc it was $12 on the menu for a bowl as big as a tea cup. Nonetheless, the flavor was excellent, creamy but not overwhelming. My sister in law upgraded to the lobster bisque and was not every impressed, as it only brought 2 small chunks of lobster.
As for my entree, I had the steak salad with arugula, fresh mozzarella and roasted peppers. I really enjoyed the salad portion, the dressing was soft enough to enjoy the salad. I wasn't a fan of the steak though, very bland, I had to add both salt and pepper. I know that a good cut of steak doesn't need much, but AT LEAST some salt and pepper. 
Dessert was really the highlight of the meal, which was the flourless expresso and chocolate cake. This was a very indulgent ending to a semi bland meal. This was a "stick to the roof of your mouth" thick chocolate cheesecake. I personally enjoyed it very much, but I know many people don't like that overwhelming flavor. 
I would really love to give Capital Grille 4 or 5 stars but aside from the service, there was nothing mind blowing about the food. I'm really glad I was able to try it out during restaurant week before dropping any serious cash on their regular menu.Capital Grill is one of the major high end steakhouse chains.  They have locations all over the country and I have had the pleasure of dining in six or eight of them.  Their major competitors are Morton's and Ruth's Chris.  Like all high end steakhouses, if you're worried about the bill, don't go!
I'll keep this review short and sweet.  I'd go here before a Morton's or Ruth's every time.  The service is better.  The food is much better.  The overall experience is just more enjoyable. 
The Philadelphia Capital grill has two points worth mentioning.  First, at peak times it can be noisy.  I'd suggest visiting mid-week if you would like a quieter experience.  Second, the Philly location has an nice pre-theater menu.  It's an excellent value at $39.00.Went there with a party of thirteen, split the bill with another member of the party.  This was no problem and the waitress did a very accurate accounting and was very pleasant about it.
The service was so good it felt like there were only four of us.  Everything came out at the right time and together, temperature was perfect and all-in-all the food was good to excellent.  Streaks were very good, too much for me, so I think one could share.  Desserts were outstanding.
Atmosphere was also good in a "Men's Club" type decor sort of way.
Of all the expensive chain steakhouses this Philly location is by far and away the the best I have eaten at so far.  Yes it is really expensive but a least you feel you got your monies worth.  Service was exceptional.
Highly recommended, if you can afford it.Quite the spot in Philly. The wine selection is phenomenal. The food pairs well with it all.The Capital Grille is a great American Steakhouse. The staff are very polite and even ask if you have any food allergies. They also have really good services like a coat check in and valet. Although pricey, the food is worth it. The steaks are cooked perfectly and the portions are large. Its a nice place to go for birthday's or special occasions, no matter which location you got to.This is my favorite capital grille!  I live in NYC and usually make it to Philly once a month and I must say the service is by far the best here.  The Manager is very attentive and he works very hard.
Thank you for always making my experience a WOW one.I went during restaurant week and the food was amazing! best steak I have ever had! Excellent service as well.....Prior to this week, I would have given the Capital Grille five stars. It's always been absolutely perfect.
This time, I had the Filet Oscar, which came with asparagus. My filet was more medium than medium-well, but it was seasoned to perfection, and I'm pretty sure their crabmeat comes from shell-less crabs, cuz I have had a LOT of filet oscar in my lifetime, and theirs is the only one that never ever has even a hint of shell.
My solitary gripe... The asparagus that came on the side was stringy. Inedibly tough and stringy. How does that happen?Don't get me wrong, this is a solid place.  Food is good, service is good, atmosphere is nice --it's just that nothing really stood out.  For these prices, I do expect something at least somewhat memorable, but the dishes were all pretty safe and not particularly inspired.  I probably won't come back here.
If you have to take non-adventurous eaters somewhere for a posh dinner date, this is a good restaurant for it.  But if you want something with a bit more character, the Capital Grille is not the place.The food was not good when I came. Maybe they don't put their all in for restaurant week, maybe I should have ordered something else but I did get a steak so... 
I didn't like any of the desserts but they were made nicely, just not what I liked.
Drinks could be stronger. Still a beautiful restaurant.Excellent meal. House Cab was good as well. We all ordered steak in our patty of five. For apps we did calamari, prosciutto wrapped mozzarella and steak tartar. Calamari was spectacular with the peppers and a bit of a bite. Entree as mentioned we did steaks. I went with the NY strip. Steak was slightly over cooked as I asked for medium rare but overall fantastic. Sides: lobster Mac n cheese, potatoes au gratin, asparagus, creamed spinach's and the Brussel sprouts were amazing. 5/5.This place is so beautiful I would recommend this place for all couples and a great place to bring your family for a birthday anniversary or any kind of special occasion.
We need more places like this in Philadelphia and I am very happy we have the capital grilleGreat restaurant to eat at along with a fantastic vibe. It is right in the dead center oh Philly which, in my opinion, makes the place that much better. Very friendly staff and a porter house steak to die for. If i had the money I'd dine here every single night.Situation
- Dinner with a group of 20 during a conference (June 2015)
Pros
- The service is excellent
- Decent portion size
- Great appetizers (Calamari, Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella) and bread
- The Clam Chowder is pretty good
- A calorie count is displayed next to each menu item
- Nice bar area and a nice decor overall
Cons
- A bit on the pricey sideThe bartenders were very nice and the food was great. Wednesday's 5-7 complimentary bar food while you drink.This place is chain, but really great place to come for steak and seafood. The ambience is lovely and the staff are always very accomodating. If you have time to lounge, they figure that out and let you take your time, or if you are in a hurry they are really great about bringing everything just at the right time. Try their spicey calamari for appetizer and the crab/lobster roll for lunch. They also offer non-alcholic drinks for those of us that choose not to...once they were offering this grapefruit soda that was delicious!Took a group of 11 people here for restaurant week. We arrived at our reserved time (5:30 PM) and were seated immediately. Perfect start. The place was packed! We all ordered from the restaurant week menu, and thought it was a great deal for $35. Timing was great, and all meals were cooked perfectly. I honestly don't know how they did it, since everyone ordered a variety from medium rare to well done. Somehow, they got them all right. Recommend the black cherry pie cocktail - it was delicious. A great time was had by all.Came here for Restaurant Week, and was very pleasantly surprised by how generous they were with their portions. I ordered the kona-crusted steak - pretty good, but my friend's filet was much better. We also got sides of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes for the table, both of which were bangin' and totally deserve a special mention here. As for the before and after - the clam chowder and creme brulee were both pretty tasty.
I liked the interiors - dark, woody, sort of a classic steakhouse look. The service was good and I had a really good experience.Of course everyone knows they have the BEST CALAMARI EVER!!! lol The waitress was super nice and treated my boyfriend to a beautiful cheesecake for his birthday. I love love love the food! It's always perfect!Whenever we go to a high-end steak house, I know what I want before I enter.  I want an excellent gin martini, briny oysters on the half shell, a wedge salad with decadent blue cheese dressing, a mouth-watering Filet Mignon, ice cream for dessert, and a double espresso to top it off.  Oh, and all served by a knowledgeable, personable waiter in a wood-paneled dining room.  Well, CG could have hit this one out of the park - except for two crucial glitches.  The wedge salad was sub-par.  Iceberg lettuce is a waste, unless it is surrounded by the best blue cheese dressing.  Alas, theirs was not.  It wasn't the best - it wasn't even close.  The dressing was watery and had no chunks of cheese. I was very disappointed about that, and also about the French green bean with heirloom tomatoes side dish.  The beans were soft and not at all what we expected - they should have been crisp and flavorful, not soft and bland.  The beans seemed as if they had been frozen or just over cooked and the heirloom tomatoes were not to be seen - just one soggy grape tomato in the mix -- but the rest of the meal and service were superb.  We were seated immediately upon arrival.  Our waiter, Danny L., was perfect.  We selected Philadelphia's finest gin, Bluecoat, and Danny swirled the drinks at our table.  Nicely done Danny! The Blue points were great.  The 10 oz. Filet melted in your mouth, as did the 14 oz. Dry Aged Strip steak,  1/2 of which we brought home for another day!  Plus our wood paneled room had just the best Philly touch as we sat under a portrait of non-other than John Wanamaker.  The ice cream dessert was ok and the double espresso was a fitting conclusion to a good meal that could have been a contender for a great one.I had the salmon with au gratin potatoes, AMAZING!!! The cheesecake wasn't perfect, but it was decent.  The atmosphere is very relaxing, the staff is great!Went for Easter dinner.  My lamb chops tasted like they dumped the whole salt shaker on them.   I had someone else taste at my table to make sure it was not me.   YUCK!   TOO MUCH SALT they said.Mind Numbing.
Couldn't drink enough Markham because we were so full and fascinated with everyone's selections and how they were each perfect.  The Kona rub was excellent.  Literally the best Creme Brulee I have ever had.  Service was flawless.  Booth could have been a little bigger, but the service made it all work.  Don't visit Philidelphia without a stop at Capital GrillWe went to celebrate my Bday and partake in restaurant week. The food was excellent! The service was great. I'm sooo happy that center city offers restaurant week because I have to admit that this place is out of my budget. However it is well worth it.Love the Cap Grille, but I gotta knock this one because of the service.  The waiter was completely unattentive.  I spoke with the manager at the end of the night and he said "thanks for the input".  Nothing else.  No apology, free coffee, etc.
The food and wine was 5 stars.  Service 2.We decided to come to The Capital Grille for a friend's birthday, if you come here and you happen to have Patrick as your waiter you're in luck!
Let's start by stating that Patrick successfully managed a rowdy group of ten homosexuals. That itself should be noteworthy. He was very attentive and recommended some amazing options for dinner. He always kept our table tidy, changed our utensils often, and topped off our water regularly. His recommendations for cocktails were spot on and he was able to run with our jokes which was quite refreshing. 
All of the food was nothing short of fantastic! I had the soup of the day which was a creamy Lobster Bisque. It was very tasty! Followed by a Gorgonzola and Truffle Crusted aged NY Strip with a Cabernet Reduction. It was fantastic and so tender (get it medium rare) it melts in your mouth! We shared some of the generously portioned sides and the Au Gratin Potatoes were quite good. We then followed up dinner (and we were stuffed) with a jaw dropping Cheesecake and Warm Double Chocolate Cake. 
Patrick even broke the camera out and not only took our photo for our friend's birthday (who got an impressive birthday dessert) but even printed them out, in house, to give to everyone. I have nothing bad to say about my dinner as it was amazing, some of the best steak I have ever had! Patrick was a fantastic waiter and if you are luckily enough have him, you will have a wonderful time.
I definitely plan to return in the future and I will be requesting Patrick.Came here for lunch! The lobster and crab burger(which is not on the regular pre-fix lunch menu) was amazing! If it is on the regular menu, I'll def come back regularly in the future!Wow, a Friday night and no wait to seat 12 this could be a good or bad sign for the economy. The service was five star and the meat grilled to perfection. The fillet melted like butter in your mouth. You can't go wrong here. Sit back and enjoy the total dining experience.Very disappointed. Second bad meal I had there.....ordered the bone in rib eye Au Poivre with an onion straws....it came with some creamy sauce and covered in straws....yuck. Only bad CG I have been too....I won't return.I was expecting a fabulous meal as it being my first time there.  The steak was good and mashed potatoes.  The green beans was raw I couldn't even eat them so horrible.  For dessert had the flourless chocolate cake which was ok not the best.  And whoever made the whipped cream needs to back to cooking school as it's the simplest thing to make but it was not good.Kona crusted steak is a must during restaurant week.  The unique combination of flavors (coffee + steak) cooked perfectly to medium rare is worth the hour drive for me.  Service was quick and the waiters were very knowledgeable and friendly.  They have an excellent wine selection.  I plan to return and recommend you try the Kona crusted steak at least once in your life.We have been to the Cherry Hill CG a couple of times but decided to head into the Philadelphia location to celebrate our 30th anniversary. It was truly a special evening from start to finish. Service was excellent from hostess to server. Special shout out to Lupe who was our fabulous server!! Menu offers everything you could possibly desire in a steakhouse. Dessert came with Happy Anniversary written in chocolate across the plate. Truly a lovely evening!!I had the privilege of attending during Restaurant Week. I opted for the citrus salmon & lobster mac n cheese. Both to die for. The creme brûlée cheesecake was the perfect ending. One of my fav restaurants service is always superb!Dining Partner and I came here for Restaurant Week. Our past restaurant week experiences have left us wanting more. More food that is! Our goal was to pick a place that we could leave feeling full and Capital Grille stuffed us to the gills.
This was my first visit to a Capital Grille and I have to say, I am a fan! We had a reservation at 7:30 and were seated promptly as we arrived. The breadbasket served to the table was fresh and had a good variety. I developed a theory that when the bread is done right, the rest of the meal is going to be good. So far I'm doing pretty well with this theory, as it has almost always proved correct. 
We started off the meal with an order of fried calamari (additional cost to the $35 three course menu). The calamari was covered in hot peppers which negated the usual side of marinara that accompanies most calamari orders. It was good, crispy fried to perfection. I had the Caesar salad as my first course, Dining Partner had the New England Clam Chowder. The Caesar salad was underwhelming, but that's not what I came for. I chose the 8 oz filet as my entree and Dining Partner had the bone-in dry aged 14 oz sirloin. We both very much enjoyed our entrees. Mashed potatoes and green beans came to the table for us to split as sides. We loved both the mashed potatoes and the crispy green beans. It is unusual for me to get such enjoyment out of a green vegetable. For dessert we both chose the flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake which was very dense and delectable. 
Service by our waitress Monqiue was great. Our iced teas were refilled constantly. Dining Partner has dined at the King of Prussia Capital Grille a few times and asked about beignets as dessert when we placed our order at the beginning of the meal. Monqiue said they didn't serve them. She followed up at the end of the meal telling us if we returned we could call ahead and they would have the beignets available for special order. It is something the Chef does at KOP regularly, but they would be able to do it here with more notice. Bonus points for follow through! Great experience all around!Sadly, I have to give my experience at The Capital Grille a 3 and it was not because of the food or the dining service. The food was amazing, great place for restaurant week! Our waiter (Gustavo) was fantastic, so nice and helpful! But the experience leading up to our dinner was far from desirable! 
2 people from our party of 3 arrived 30 minutes before our reservation. We checked in and grab seats at the bar. At 6:30pm our 3rd arrived and we approached the hostess (Nichole) to let her know we were all present. She said our table would be ready momentarily. We checked in at 6:40pm and she said the same thing and the people at the table we'd be sitting at were paying. In this time we saw many people come in, and get say right away. We continued to wait. Finally at 6:55pm we were brought to our seats. With no apology whatsoever for waiting almost an entire half hour for our table when we were all present at 6:30pm. Have seen then many other parties get sat during that time we waited was very frustrating and we were disappointed we did not get an apology or any sort of acknowledgement for waiting.I find steakhouses to be too cliche for business meals - there's nothing exciting about meat and potatoes, the food is too heavy, and I don't feel any value in price inflated food.  The only problem is there aren't many places conducive to business to allow you to have a conversation, can accommodate last minute reservations, and conveniently located. 
The Capital Grille is where Philadelphia's titans of industry and government shot callers eat. I typically get their velvety lobster bisque (full of chunks of lobster), calamari with hot peppers, or Caprese Salad with their salivating inducing balsamic vinegar to start. You can't go wrong with their Signature Cheeseburger.  The meat is always cooked correctly to your desired temperature, the toasted onion bun is a perfect delivery vehicle, and the truffle fries put a smile on my face just thinking of them (with or without the dipping condiments).My wife and I had just arrived in Philly and were feeling a bit peckish so we left our Ritz Carlton room and walked around to find the Capital Grille, a chain steakhouse which I had never heard of before. We got in with no problem. We ordered a spinach salad with warm bacon dressing to share, which was pretty decent. My main was the dry aged porterhouse steak which was cooked to a nice mid rare but could've used more seasoning. My wife ordered the split roasted chicken, It was a whole frickin' chicken, who the hell can eat a whole frickin' chicken, I forgot we were in Philadelphia. She managed to eat a quarter of it, I think I helped her out with one other piece. So we wrapped up the rest of it with some grilled asparagus that we also had in a doggie and brought it back to our hotel room....Yep...... we had a picnic lunch in Independence park the next afternoon with the remaining chix and some cheese and bread bought at the Reading market. Booyah
By the way.....we didn't have dessert.I recently had the opportunity to visit the Capital Grille with my girlfriend.  'Twas my birthday, and we had decided to splurge.    My love for this restaurant is never ending, and my birthday dinner did not disappoint.  So file this review under "gushing", as I drool just recalling the meal.
We started with lamb lollipops which were cooked to perfection, juicy  and crispy at the same time.  I don't think I've had them better prepared.  We then moved on to some of the largest shrimp I've had, which were fantastic and fresh.  We coupled this with a Wedge, which is simply Nature's Blue-cheese delivery device.  The lettuce was fresh, the dressing creamy and rich, overwhelming it's crispy, green counterpart with every forkful.  
After this impressive opening round, it was time for the main show:  The Kona-rubbed sirloin.  I still contend that this is one of the best steaks one can buy, and it easily holds it's own with the offerings at other steakhouses here in Philadelphia and in New York.  I had it prepared medium rare, and it came as exactly as such;  Every kona-flavored bite was heaven.  My girlfriend went with the pan-seared tuna, which was fantastic as well, though it did not appease my carnivorous delight as the steak did. I was at a steakhouse, and I was focused on steak.  A single word was not spoken while I enjoyed this beautiful cut of meat.
While attempting to recover from the aforementioned bovine-based bliss, they brought out a slice of cheesecake as a birthday surprise.  While this may seem a bit over the top given the amount we had both eaten at this point, we soldiered forth, disregarding our own well-being and enjoying every creamy, sweet, and tart bite.
The service was impeccable and extremely attentive without being overwhelming, as I have come to expect at the Capital Grille.  We even had the opportunity to chat with one of the managing partners, Miguel, for a bit.  Definitely one of the best and most memorable meals I have had, and an excellent birthday.In my opinion, The Capital Grille is the best of the high end steakhouse chains. The quality of the food, the design of the restaurants, the over all vibe all add up to more than Morton's, S&W, Ruth's etc.  I have been to I think 6 or 7 locations (so far Houston galleria is my Fave if I had to choose one).  
This is my first Cap Grille review, I'll get to others in near future. 
This was my least favorite of the ones I've been to.  Not that it's significantly "worse" than the others, just not as over-all complete as others.  And, well, the special that night really kinda blew.  I've added a picture 'cause i feel like I had to share. Scallops with some sort of balsamic glaze.  Really wasn't good.  UGLY for starters.  Not really much of a glaze, kinda like a vinaigrette, but with out any real flavor.  
Spinach salad was quite good as always.  Great filet, as always.  Pretty OK wine by glass selection/pricing.
Service- tired, a little uninterested, but adequate, at lesser prices.  Should have been better.  Seated near the kitchen, where servers congregate, kibbitz and snear.  The manager should pay better attention to this (she was partaking in it) as customers do notice and might not be there to listen to the waitstaff bs.
Overall, fine.  Still will go back when I want a steak in Philly.We were given complimentary  vodka martinis' from a wine CHOP wine benefit. It was a nice evening, we had a fillet grilled perfectly along with mushrooms, iceberg wedge and a giant baked potato . Our waiter Alex forgot to offer us sour cream or butter. When we asked him for some sour cream he brought it right over. Waiting for a table was, was a little stressful but the quality and prep of the food was really worth it. Alex understood New Zea land  wine and was a really helpful waiter. The level of flavor  was well worth the price.24oz dried aged porterhouse with 15 year old balsamic vinegar on top...BEST STEAK EVER!The food was great.  The service was horrible.  It was Father's Day but the place was only 1/4 full so there really was no excuse for our waitress to ignore our needs repeatedly.  I expect more for the money.Enjoyed a wonderful lunch with husband and daughters several years ago. It was such a wonderful experience. Food delicious and service wonderful too! Recommend it highly for a great experience.first time at the center city location. sat at the bar and had exceptional by the bartender claire. she was super friendly and kept my glass of Rodney Strong  filled. suggested i try the calamari, it was mediocre however the lollipop lambchops and the crock french onion were out of this world. perfect location for a fancy date in the heart of philadelphia!My husband and I took advantage of the pre-theater dinner.  I chose salad as my appetizer and it was an average salad with too much dressing.  My main course was filet mignon.  The meat was exceptional - tender and cooked to perfection.  The sides were a mixed bag.  The mashed potatoes were very good but the creamed spinach was over salted and this comment is coming from a person who happens to like food that is a bit over salted.  The desserts were average.  My husband's cheesecake was overly dense and not creamy and my creme brulee was cold and as a result, too thick.  The dinner was a good value - worth it for the steak alone but it could have been so much better.If given a choice between a Ruth's Chris and the Capital Grille, I will take the Capital Grille every time. First class food, service, and atmosphere all the way. Located VERY close to city hall - probably the most beautiful city hall in all of America. The martinis here are superb!
Go, see, eat!!Only been here once. Ordered a steak dish. Me and beef - not the most familiar companions but more like two strangers on a date. I do not know much about beef, even though I have been cutting beef for my parents' business since age 10. Maybe I should have paid more attention. Never too late to learn. Someone brought me here, it was like what $30-$40 for plate or something then, because the bill came to $80. It was good. But I can't compare it because I currently not regular meat eater. Might go back to try something else someday. Now that I think of it, I do need my once a month go to place for red meat. Could you be my iron supplement, Capital Grille? We will have to see... I would have to interview and date other red meat restaurants before I decide as I have nothing to really compare you to. ;-P I hope you don't mind.One thing I have come to appreciate about this chain is that they are consistently outstanding. The same great food, decor, and service we receive in Connecticut is the same service we will receive in Illinois, Pennsylvania, ect. I will have breakast or lunch anywhere to sample the local cuseine but when it comes to dinner we always eat at The Capitol Grill when possible.I made reservations for date night for a certain time and when we got there the table was ready and we were seated immediately. We came during restaurant week so we went with that menu mostly. You can do an add-on or replace items for a fee. So for example they offer a clam chowder but for $5 you can change it to lobster. You can also add a lobster tail to you main dish for $10 so that's what you see in the picture. My boyfriend added it but I didn't. We both got the Caesar Salad, he got a 14 oz steak and I got the salmon. We got green beans and mash potatoes on the side. I wasn't impressed with the mash potatoes. I was soft but I've had better earlier that week. We also got a side of lobster Mac-n-Cheese because everyone on here talks about it. It was very good HOWEVER they could have cooked the pasta a little more. It was still quite hard but we ate it all. At the very end we couldn't finish everything. It was just so much food. 
Now for the service... the waiter was nice... attentive... but sexist. When it came to ordering things outside the restaurant week menu he would look to my boyfriend to confirm that it was ok to add those things. When we were deciding on wine I was the one who had specific requests on the taste and when the waiter brought back one he didn't have me try it because clearly didn't matter.Came here for a 7.30 reservation on a Tuesday night, admittedly during Restaurant Week. We arrived 10 minutes early and the lobby was packed. We waited around 20 minutes and were seated by 7.40.
Can't fault the food - it was exceptional. This has to be one of the best Restaurant Week value deals in the City. Our steaks (dry aged, 14oz rib-eye) were delicious, if not a touch over done (my medium rare was a solid medium and my husband's medium was a medium well). Regardless, delicious. Sides were ON POINT. Seriously dreaming of those mashed potatoes and delicious green beans. We ordered Truffle Fries as well and they were superb. Dessert was flawless. Bonus points for having Restaurant Week cocktail & wine specials. 
Service however was...meh. We felt rushed from the moment we sat down. No coat check was offered so we awkwardly bundled coats & scarves onto the backs of our chairs. It took flagging down 2 seperate people to get us water. The waitress seemed distracted & busy and it lacked the class and poise of some of the other steakhouses in the city. 
While the food was great, I don't think I'd be happy with the experience if I was paying non-Restaurant Week prices.I had to drive from nyc after work to philly, this place was close by city hall so I stopped in. Had the calamari, good but too spicy and followed with the chicken  confit, good place but way too expensive. I would go back but I would look for other choices first.For me this is a tossup between here and Del Friscos. Capital (just barely) in the food department but Friscos has that atmosphere. This is more intimate seating but just doesn't have that grand pop of Friscos. I think they are both superb and it is simply a tossup between both of them.An awesome dining experience.  Waiter was knowledgeable, but not stuffy.  He was fun.  
I think it is a tad overpriced, though.Bob our server was excellent! Food was great as usual and for it to be New Year Eve, everything went great! The chef even came and greeted us. We are frequent customers and they are always are on point. Love this placeI came in for restaurant week with three friends. Was alittle concern about trying the capital grille during restaurant week but had to try. Our server Monique Blakeley was superb. She took our drink orders, came back with drinks and then took our order.
I had the clam chowder, kona steak and flour less chocolate cake. All were delicious. I also got to try the salmon and the hint of lemon was just right. The grapefruit buck was great. Refreshing and just right. 
I really enjoyed the service and food here. Amazing food, amazing service and an amazingly stuffed woman with a foodcoma, ready for bed. Lol. 
Can't wait to come back and bring my husband.I took my bf to Capital Grill for his birthday. 
They made him a birthday card from the restaurant, took our picture, offered a sample of something the chef was preparing in the back which was yummy and gave us a complimentary champagne toast to celebrate :)
The food was AMAZING!
I ordered the filet ($42 for just the steak - which was as tender as a stick of butter *hallelujah hands*). We shared the lobster mac-n-cheese (WHICH WAS HEAVEN IN MY MOUTH) and the sauteed spinach.
The service was amazing. The food was delicious and the ambiance was fairly romantic.
We will be going back for my bday and for restaurant week ;)This restaurant is a steak house that provides a variety of steak, seafood and other accompaniments to the diverse pallet. I frequent the Capital Grille for lunch during the week while at work. The staff is always attentive and courteous upon arrival. 
The lunch menu is expansive with many options. I personally love the salmon. The salmon is always moist and succulent. The Capital Grille recently introduced an $18 lunch menu. The menu has an array of steak sliders, scallops, watermelon salad and other scrumptious dishes. 
I have also gone here for restaurant week and have never been disappointed. I personally am a bread lover and they serve several kinds of bread options. From the hot rolls with ample butter provided to the crisp flat-bread. This is a place you must try.