Service: although there were younger people preparing the poké bowls for me they were very kind and patient. 
I ordered a vegetarian poké bowl that i built on my own (I suggest building your own bowl). This place allows you to get a larger portion of poké bowl than the other places that I have been to. They allow you to choose 2 servings of protein (you can choose two different ones or the same ones). There are also unlimited amount of toppings. I loved it. There are several vegetarian options. I would highly recommend this. I'm sure there is something everyone can find here if you like brown or white rice based food. You can make your bowl sweet, salty, and/or spicy. There are a few seats where you can sit and eat, but taking this food on the go is very doable.this place is pretty good  I liked how the Chili Ponzu Salmon came with onion crisps! Can't go wrong with oriental toppings ‍There was a Yelp Elite bonus here a few weeks ago, and my wife just happened to have an appointment in the area, so I decided to go with her and stop in to check this place out. I was really glad that I did!
There are a good amount of options for you to build your own poke bowl, but they also have a number of pre-set bowls. The bonus was a buy-one-get-one, so I got two bowls - one with salmon, one with tuna.
I started with some of the pre-set options and made some changes to them, and I ate one of the bowls right then. The flavors went together so nicely, and it was a very enjoyable bowl. My wife had brought food in from elsewhere, so she had her own meal, but she couldn't help but peek at mine and sample it a few times.
I saved the other bowl (in a mini-cooler, of course!) and ate it for dinner, and it tasted great too! It's not exactly cheap, but I would go back for more! We're now trying to find good spots for poke in the suburbs.Breakdown
-----------------------------
Star #1 - Atmosphere/Decor:
I think this restaurant just opened? Clean, modern look. Star easily earned.
Star #2 - Service:
The service was okay. It was my first time here so I was still deciding what I wanted but the worker wasn't as patient as I was. Came off a little bit rude and rushing, but the service was fine. Star earned.
Star #3/4 - Food:
The food portions are very small. Your protein scoop is half the size of a small ice cream scoop. I got the two protein bowl with the sweet chili salmon and the regular salmon. The rice was the worst sushi rice I've seen. It was so clumpy and mashed that the worker tried to break it up with the rice scooper. I was literally eating mushed rice balls! The sweet chili salmon was marinated nicely and tasted good, sad that they gave so little. The regular salmon had a little fishy taste (honestly not that much) but was just plain. The toppings that you can get (masago, mango, green onions, seaweed salad, etc) were tiny portions. I had to ask for "extra that, extra this". I think my main problem with this place is that the basic stuff such as the rice and portions just aren't good. I'll give it one star because the food tasted alright. One star earned.
Star #5 - Cost/Value:
Totally not worth the price for such small portions. Poke bowls aren't cheap but for the number of toppings you get, this place really isn't worth the price. Others have commented that this place is a little pricey and I totally agree. Star not earned.Meh. 
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, given its positive reviews. I would be hard-pressed to return. Paid a visit during lunch hour - The place was almost empty, but was stifling hot inside (not something you want when you're going into an establishment that serves raw fish). It also smelled odd inside (not a "fresh fish" smell, either). There were also several flies buzzing around the restaurant - Definitely a deterrent when the food is all sitting out and exposed behind the counter.
Since it was my first visit, I ordered one of their signature bowls (spicy salmon), and I didn't want to inconvenience the workers by standing there trying to pick out a combination of ingredients. I should've just made my own, because the worker who made my order was clearly brand new, and knew even less about what went into the spicy salmon bowl than I did. He kept referring to lists that are kept behind the counter, and asking one of the other workers, who seemed to think I was getting a spicy tuna bowl, and kept telling him the wrong things to put in it. I think I ended up with a weird combination of both bowls. 
The spicy salmon that the worker scooped out of a container was absolutely smothered and dripping in spicy mayo - Not at all like the pictures on their menu boards. If I'm getting poke, I want something light and fresh - Not dripping in mayo. Not to mention the worker squeezed even more spicy mayo on top of the bowl before I could say anything.
It was only after the bowl was assembled (base and fish), that the person making my order told me they were out of mango. It's a major component of many of the bowls - It would have been appreciated to have been told this when I placed my order. Not to sound snobby, but given my experience thus far, I almost walked out at this point. But I didn't want to be wasteful, since the fish was already in the bowl. So I soldiered on.
I got zucchini noodles as a base (which is awesome - so nice to have a choice aside from rice or lettuce), but they weren't properly drained and I couldn't finish the bottom part of my bowl because it was sopping wet with water.
Also if you're eating in, be aware that they only have four drink options in a small drink cooler - One of which is a specialty soda I've never heard of, and the other of which is a twee bottle of Pellegrino for $2.50+Tax.
Overall - Meh. There are plenty of other better options out there in the city that I would happily drop $15+ on before coming back to this spot.I paid $16 for this. I actually frequent this spot a lot and have never had an issue with the food portions. It's always enough to consider it a full "meal". This time was a bit different. There's a girl here who is clearly new, as I've never seen her, and she had basically no idea what she was doing. She gave me at least  1/2 to  of the portions that I'm usually given. She would pick up a "full" portion of topping in the spoon/tongs, drop it back in, then pick up half or less of what she originally had. I should have said something in the shop but the other employee who is regularly there was clearly watching her make this and each time she picked something up I thought "ok well now she has to correct this girl". But she didn't. The other employee was making another girls bowl, who got the same amount of toppings as I did, and hers looked like at least double my meal. I understand new employees, but if they're messing up this much, they really need to be told (hence me posting this now). This $16 "meal" is now an appetizer.It's rare to find a poke bowl in which each and every ingredient is fresh and flavorful, but PokéSpot does it: from tender salmon and tuna; to moist and delicately sweet-sour sushi rice; to unlimited toppings like fresh edamame and corn, cucumber and Kani salad, and salty hijiki seaweed. It was a generous portion of high-quality food for $11.50, and the servers were wonderfully thorough and helpful in navigating food allergies. 
There is limited seating: a bar at the wall, and a few tables. But this close to Rittenhouse Park, why not take your piece of the sea and enjoy every delectable bite out in the sunshine? It might well be the only thing that could make your poke better.NEW YORK'S number 1 poke restaurant is now opened in Philly. The food was awesome as expected from the best poke imfrom New york. Staff were friendly, place was clean. Super crowded as it was grand opening today with BOGO free. Wait was 45 mins when I went at 11:30 but 12:15, the line was down the block and around the corner.I paid $16 for this. I actually frequent this spot a lot and have never had an issue with the food portions. It's always enough to consider it a full "meal". This time was a bit different. There's a girl here who is clearly new, as I've never seen her, and she had basically no idea what she was doing. She gave me at least  1/2 to  of the portions that I'm usually given. She would pick up a "full" portion of topping in the spoon/tongs, drop it back in, then pick up half or less of what she originally had. I should have said something in the shop but the other employee who is regularly there was clearly watching her make this and each time she picked something up I thought "ok well now she has to correct this girl". But she didn't. The other employee was making another girls bowl, who got the same amount of toppings as I did, and hers looked like at least double my meal. I understand new employees, but if they're messing up this much, they really need to be told (hence me posting this now). This $16 meal is now an appetizer.
Update: 
Emailed the manager, twice, as was requested on here, never heard back. :/ Decided to give this place another try and ordered pickup through Caviar. Got my bowl and it was missing two ingredients (only 5 toppings to begin with), including the avocado I paid an extra $1.50 for. 
I don't know what the deal is with this place and don't know why the manager would tell me to email them when they wouldn't even email me back..maybe just to save face on Yelp? Think I'm done with PokéSpot.Best poke spot in Philadelphia. I'm a sucker for poke, especially on hot summer days, and I went to try PokeSpot shortly after it opened. It's absolutely delicious - the poke is fresh, the variety of bases larger than most and customizable, and they have any topping you could want.
I definitely come here any chance I can and have already brought multiple friends, who all agree on the quality of the poke here!Went on the first day they opened. They were doing a BOGO deal so it was expected they would be busy. However, it took almost an hour from the lineup to get the food. This would be okay, but it was at most 25 people in front of us. 
The door was propped opened and let in hot and humid air. I was concerned about the temperature of the raw seafood. About 30 minutes into lining up, the door was closed by one of the owners.
The food quality was fresh and nice, but portions aren't the same as some of the other similar poke place (or their NYC counterpart either). 
PRO TIP: Ask for more if you think your portions are small (it doesn't cost any extra). I asked and my bowl looks twice as big as everyone else. You can ask for more everything except the protein. If you want more protein, you'll need to pay more.
The people loading it are nice, but you can tell it is the first day on the job due to the really slow pace. The line was getting held up by the poor choice of how the bowls were getting serviced by the management.
Seating is small in the room. Only has the capacity for about 18 people tops.
Overall, probably a nice place to get a quick bite once the craziness of the opening day subsides. Price is comparable to other food in the area.The word I have to say about this place is fresh. Everything I ate their tasted so fresh and it was amazing! This is a small place but it's okay because they offer take out too! They have different options to chose from, but if you cannot decide; you have the option to make your own bowl which is great! 
The staff is very nice and knowledgeable about the food that they sell. 
I order their PokéSpot ceviche and my boyfriend order their spicy tuna. For starters The PokéSpot ceviche was amazing! Everything melted in my mouth and it was so flavorful. I loved every bite of it and honestly I wanted more of it. The spicy tuna one was amazing as well, but I liked mine a little bit better.
Whenever I am in the mood for poke this place is my number one spot. Everything is amazing and so fresh. You can tell that the owners love what they do, because it shows in their food!I really didn't like this but I think it was my fault. Ordered a horrible combination (why get cold chicken at a poke spot) but the place seemed nice and my girlfriend really liked it so it's to that going for it. 
The rice wasn't that good though and I feel like that is the key component.  I got a spicy ponzu sauce and jalapeños and it wasn't spicy and I don't have that high of a spice tolerance so I thought I should at least taste it. 
If I go here again it'll update my  review with a pre canned choice cause obviously I don't make good choices.Finally! Philly has a decent spot for poke bowls.
I had ahi tuna and chili ponzu salmon and three choice of toppings (topping is unlimited, and three are enough because i want to enjoy the tuna and salmon) for dry topping i had togarashi and roasted seaweed. The poke spot sauce was good!
Tip: pick not more than 3 topping so you can enjoy the fish itself whether fresh or not. 
You can build your own bowls, be brave and creative to try something good!Poke bowl is good quantity and not bad taste. A little pricey. It is a new restaurant but look somehow old and dark and a little smelly. Grab a quick take out is OK.
Went there again during lunch hour. It is a hot day, but it is not cool inside and still have fish smell. Food is the same as last time. No surprise, but not cheap. 
Sorry change to three stars.I loooved my poke bowl with tuna and avocado! It was created and seasoned perfectly. Also, when I went it was buy one get one free! I love a good deal!!I was going to somewhere else, but changed my direction after i saw the review on yelp. Then i remembered that a friend recomend this place, so i give it a try.
Came in around 1:30 pm, like everyone said that the place is small. It was 86 degrees outside and when i came in, i didn't feel refresh inside. The air conditioner didn't help a lot which is bad cos they are serving rare food. Not many customers,  i got seat by myself. Ordered spicy salmon and i asked a little bit of rice and salad. Add some edamame and viola i got my meal for almost $13. You can ask more rice or topping if you like. And you can ask water too if you dine in.
The food was okay, not outstanding. The sauce had the spicy kick, but too heavy for my taste. I was having a hard time to finish it, not so sure because of the sauce or because i feel it not too fresh. Or maybe it was a bit hot inside? I'm not feeling too excited to try other menus thoughI am not a fan of poke but this place may have turned me into a fan. I ordered a specialty ahi bowl and my gf ordered a custom bowl which was infinitely better than mine. 
My only gripe with this place is the water situation. You have to ask for it and it is lemon flavored. 
The staff is friendly and competent
I would come back for takeout or delivery via postmatesThe PokeSpot is a welcome new addition to Philly's assortment of poke restaurants, and is definitely a stand out. Similar to most poke places, you can choose a base, proteins, and toppings. What sets The PokeSpot apart from what you'll find elsewhere in the city? PokeSpot has some bases you can't find elsewhere, like zucchini noodles, if you're into that. They've also got an array of proteins marinated for additional flavor and variety (the chili salmon is AMAZING, spicy tuna was meh, not very spicy), in addition to the standard proteins. And then, of course, you get unlimited toppings (with the exception of the avocado, which is extra. Unless you really love avocado, not sure the upcharge is worth it, with the 1/8th of an avocado tiny portion you get), which is always great. They've got quite a few more toppings that you wouldn't find elsewhere, and some you would find elsewhere but definitely stand out, like the onions that are marinated for extra tastiness. If you want variety and quality, The PokeSpot is definitely worth trying!not impressed with this place; quality and price do not add here.
i got 2 proteins with brown rice, their 2 proteins amount to 1 protein compared to the other spots in chinatown and northern libs. they ran out of seaweed salad at 12pm on a weekday... so i settled for cilantro, cucumber and masago as my toppings. all in all, for $12.90 i wasn't impressed with the quality of my bowl. 
2.5/5 
either bring the price down or hike up the amount of protein and quality of ingredientsTrying to eat a little healthier in the summer heat, we stopped by the PokeSpot for custom bowls. I loved the variety of options, including zuchini noodles for a carb-free base, and the fact that a custom bowl is only $11.50 regardless of how many toppings you pile on (as long as you steer clear of a couple upcharge items like avocado). The staff was helpful and friendly for any questions we had on our options. 
The only issue I had was I asked if the corn was fresh and was told yes, but it had the mush-factor of canned corn. Other than that, the bowls were tasty and we have already been back!Reached out and said they contacted me and never did. I reached back out to them... said they need the exact day and and time of my purchase... lmao months later you want me to recall a the exact day of crap experience. Then they say they need my card number and or name I provide.. no response terrible customer service. Smelly and crappy establishment. Run piss poor.My cousin's friend made a huge announcement on social media recommending this place. This is the newest and closest poke spot to my work so I was so excited. While the food was pretty good, I would say my overall disappointment was with the operations and services experienced at my visit.
They were out of zucchini noodles and cauliflower rice. Didn't they just open? How is that already an oversight?
Every review mentioned building your own poke bowl. Was there any other option? I picked the Spicy Salmon bowl but still had to pick everything I wanted in the bowl, aside from the rice/salad options (which yes, I know I had to pick). I saw under the Spicy Salmon that there were ingredients that go on that typical bowl. I never said I wanted to build my own sh**, and now I'm being told I have to. If I requested the Spicy Salmon, can't the employees just figure out I wanted everything in the description after I said so? At this point, I'm already down the line and can't really see the description anymore.
What if I never had a poke bowl before? I would not have had a clue about what to put in the poke bowl. I felt like I was being rushed and stupid for not knowing what some of the ingredients were.
Employee: "What sauce do you want?"
Me: "What sauces do you have?"
Employee pointed at the bottles with labels I can't see from where I am standing and still didn't know after they provided the names.
Jesus! I know it was lunch and busy, but customer service wasn't their thing. Out of the four or five people working, one was nice enough and friendly to me. My poke bowl probably could have been better with some guidance. The staff gave this place 3 stars. Sorry.Ordered delivery on Caviar bc i had credit there so I can't speak for the service but the poke itself was good!! Some places will give you a lot of rice and skimp on other ingredients but that doesn't seem to be the case here. They offer a ton of toppings and protein options and it was hard to choose! (We built our own with raw salmon + ahi tuna and shrimp ceviche + raw tuna) the only complaint I would have is the rice tasted a little old but I'm sure it'd because it was the end of the night when we ordered and you can't really tell after mixing it all in. I would definitely come back in person next time though, since delivery is pricey. 
We both loved our bowls!I visited Philly for a weekend and wanted to try the poke. It is set up similar to others, a bar with all the ingredients and you build your bowl as you go. I ordered white rice with tuna and salmon. I added onions, kani salad (imitation krab), fish eggs and onions crisps. I added some ponzu sauce in place of my usual soy sauce. I like to shake my bowl up to really mix it all together. It was really great! I may not get the onion crisps next time since I got sweet onions, but I really enjoyed the meal. The employees were so nice even though we came close to closing time!As previous reviewers said, the cauliflower rice was not too crunchy or too soft. And it didn't feel like they skimped on the fish.
I definitely will go back and recommend to friends.This was my first time trying Poke and I must say I was impressed. I ordered through the ritual app and by the time I went to pick up the food it was ready and waiting for me. I got the bowl with a rice base and for my protein I did  snow crab and the shrimp Ceviche. For toppings I went with wasabi, cilantro, corn, Kani Salad, green onions, and sweet onions with some onion crisp topping. For sauces I had Chili Garlic Aioli, Chili Ponzu, Pokespot Sauce and Sesame Ginger Sauce. I love that we can pick any toppings and sauces we want at no additional charge. The food was fresh and reminded me of sushi without the wrap. I'll definitely be back again!This place is in a great location, surrounding a lot of other stores, restaurants, and hotels. So if you're craving a poke bowl while staying around the hotels then this is place to go. 
As for the food, there are so many options to choose from. You can pretty much pick whatever you want for your protein, toppings, and sauce. You get a lot of food for the price that you pay; so that is a good thing! I got the spicy tuna and salmon, which tastes pretty consistent with all other sushi and poke restaurants. 
The restaurant seating is limited and a bit small; so be ready to sit elsewhere.
You can also order ahead online so you have to wait!I am a poke addict so first priority since moving here is to find my go-to-hands-down-fave poke place.
It's never too busy here so you don't have to worry about a long wait even during the lunch rush. I like building my own bowl but there are pre-made bowls available for you to choose from if you don't want to make all the choices (and there are so many!). The poke portion is two scoops of your choice of fish. I found the portion a little small but was impressed by the freshness of my choices. I'm a salmon fan so I got the spicy salmon and chilli ponzu salmon. I love that you get your choice of unlimited side options, you get exactly what you want without having to worry about substitutions. Overall, the PokeSpot is a good go-to place right in Center City. I'm still on my hunt for my favorite place but this is a dependable choice.Delicious poke! Wonderful service!
I found out about this place through the ritual app and was impressed by their prices and options. The food did not disappoint. The spicy tuna was divine and their sauce selection was superb. 
I just wish they had easier access to water cups. I felt bad continuously pestering the terrific staff.Pretty decent poke spot! They give you a lot of food for the price you pay. They pretty much have everything you can ask for in a poke bowl!I came here for the first time for lunch. It was AMAZING. The four of us came at around noon and there was no line. For someone who is used to at least 30 min wait outside of Pokéworks in Manhattan, this is a huge plus for me. 
I built my own bowl and ordered a salad with two proteins (Garlic Ahi and Spicy Tuna) along with Sriracha Aioli. I also had seaweed salad, Edamame and Kani Salad as toppings. It was delicious. Note to myself, next time I will mix it up a bit. The sauce was a little too rich. I will either swap Sriacha Aioli with Ponzu or Shoyu sauce, or swap a fish to raw tuna or salmon. 
Highly recommend. This will be my new go-to lunch spot. :)Seems dirty. Staff is unprofessional, and rough around the edges. Owner is aloof, and doesn't seem to care about customer service. Music is loud and inappropriate.I love this place! Their food is fantastic and unlike other Poke places (like Hai Street Kitchen), you get unlimited toppings. The quality of the fish is great and although it's on the more expensive side for a quick lunch, the portions are huge. My favorite thing about this place is that they offer cauliflower rice - it's an extra $1 but so worth it if you are attempting to eat healthy!I tried the Pokéspot yesterday with two friends. We all built our own poké bowls. I got unmarinated salmon and tuna with too many toppings to remember (unlimited!). 
Pros: The ingredients tastes fresh, lots of carb choices (white or brown rice/zucchini noodles/cauliflower rice), very filling portions, kind and courteous staff, closer than all the other poké places!
Cons: Not a ton of seating and some wasted space, it can get a little loud in there. Not much in the way of cons!
Will definitely be back!Terrible customer service.  girl who waited on me was so rude and mumbled. There was a puddle of water at the bottom of my bowl.Consistently fresh, delicious and generously portioned poke. Many options for base, protein, toppings and sauces with no up charge for premium ingredients such as kani and seaweed salad. Great spot to grab lunch if you're shopping around in the Rittenhouse area. They also have a rewards program where you collect a star at every purchase and get your 11th poke bowl for free. I also sometimes receive coupons. Good value and hands down the best poke spot in the city of Philadelphia.It feels like there are so many new poké places opening in Philly, but this is one of my favorites! Great variety of protein choices (not just tuna, salmon, but chili ponzu salmon, spicy tuna, ahi tuna.etc). I appreciate that they have salad options instead of rice as well.
Atmosphere: Clean, with seating for around 10-15. Generally pretty quiet before 12, with available seating. They also make it easy to order beforehand, so it's really convenient and quick for grabbing takeout!
Food: Main benefit is that there is a lot of variety (gluten-free options for sauces, and the protein options taste quite fresh). I thought the amount of sauce they put was just right, whereas some other poké places put a bit too much in.
Recommended Must-Try: Not usually everyone's favorite, but I love masago (fish eggs) as a topping! Would recommend trying it at least once with poké!
Overall: 4.5/5 - very quick, easy, and tasty lunch option! Only small complaint is the price, but you're also getting a good amount of fresh tuna, salmon.etc, so the price also makes sense to me.This is quite the SPOT! Large portions, friendly staff, clean restaurant and great food. Can't get any better than that. You select 2 or 3 proteins and your base (rice or salad), then you get unlimited toppings of seaweed salad, Kani salad, roe, mango, mushrooms, etc. will try my best not to come here every day.Solid choice for poke but you need to know what you want when you walk in the door as the staff doesn't seem to be trained beyond knowing the names of stuff.
They have salmon and tuna - each are available 3 different ways.  They have other proteins that didn't register with me because they weren't raw fish.  I'm not looking for the "accessible" options when I go out for Poke but maybe some people are - not my thing.  The fish seemed fresh and was portioned out with little scoops so I'm guessing it weighed out as promised.
They have a pretty wide variety of the assorted toppings and sauces.  Again, not much help from the staff but I can point with the best of them and managed to build a more than decent bowl.  All of the usual stuff.
Of note: have you ever had a King Cake and tried to find the baby?  Same experience with the wasabi.  That didn't make much sense to me.BOGO! 
$1.00 to park for 20 minutes
fat bowls full of delicious food
a staff fully equipped to answer all my questions
clean bathroom 
comfortable seating
points program too! 
what more could you ask for?....more sauce. that's it. That is probably my fault for just not asking. lol. 
I'll be back!I really like this place. Great options for vegetarians and the portions are very generous. Also a good location for when you are gallivanting around rittenhouse.I'm happy I've found yet another good, new lunch spot!  The concept here is like many other Poke places.  You select your protein(s), a base, toppings, and sauce.  To get you started, they also have standard recipes (their signature options).  You pay based on the amount of protein (and maybe an extra dollar on certain toppings like avocado).  You'll most likely land within the $10-$15 range for a bowl.
For my first bowl with PokeSpot, I ordered one of their signature options.  However, I was still able to customize it a bit with a few extra ingredients.  I got two scoops of protein, Garlic Ahi Tuna, on their zucchini string base.    Toppings included two types of seaweed (black and green), cucumbers, soy beans, and ginger.  Sorry, I can't remember which one or two I added (on top of the signature recipe), but am glad I did as I recall the signature bowl looked a bit light.
Taste was on point, but I did feel a bit more of the protein was in order to get the value proposition right.  And while I am hopeful for a bit more protein in my next bowl, but I wasn't hurting of hungry once I finished. 
Service was friendly and quick, however, I came in around 1pm so missed the lunch rush I'm sure.  The place is clean and has some limited seated for those not looking to head back to the office to quickly. I settled for a working lunch back at my desk =(.I grabbed Poke on my lunch break yesterday for the first time and did the build your own bowl. You can choose two different types of protein (they have chicken and tofu for those who don't like fish!) and unlimited toppings. They did run out of their supply of the kani topping I wanted but it was still delicious without it. 
They offer more than just rice as a base as you can choose zucchini noodles or cauliflower rice (for extra). The staff is very friendly and helpful with offering suggestions of sauces / toppings. I definitely plan on coming back!The best poke spot in Philly!! Good ambiance, great staff, and fresh poke. Had the one in NY and had to get it in Philly as well. Bomb!Horrible service. Was the only one in there, and waited 5-10 minutes before I walked out because no one helped me.This is the healthiest tastiest bowl I've had! If you like sushi you must try this spot. My daughter brought me there and I had the Spicy salmon; it's a must try! And trust me you'll be stuffed I was so hungry when I got there and I only ate half. I took my leftover half so that my husband could try some, but of course I ended up eating half of that too. So good so good so good!Reached out and said they contacted me and never did. I reached back out to them... said they need the exact day and and time of my purchase... lmao months later you want me to recall a the exact day of crap experience. Then they say they need my card number and or name I provide.. no response terrible customer service. 
Still no resolve. Place won't last.
Changed it to a 3... sent me a refund and offered complimentary bowl... will update after next visit.This was my first time trying a Poke bowl so I was a bit nervous how it was going to end up. After trying my first bite, I could tell it was the type of food id come back for. Everything tasted fresh, even thought I didn't even know what half the toppings were. I love trying new things, and this place threw it all into a bowl for me. Seasonings and sauces complimented the fish perfectly. I decided to go with the zucchini noodles to cut down on the carbs, and it was a great choice. It barely tasted like it was a vegetable. Overall a great place, and only thing I would change next time would be gettin 2 proteins instead of 3. 3 was a bit too much for me.Neither really bad or really good. 3 out of 5 seems right.
The selection is good but none of the ingredients from the build your own poke bowl were stand out great. They seem to offer a wide variety of toppings/accompaniment/toss ins to check a box. It's a little cheaper than another poke place I like that is a few blocks away but those extra dollars really make a difference in terms of quality.I really dig poke' spots and I'm always interested to see how one differs from the rest since there's a new one popping up every minute. 
What sets this one apart from others I've visited (thus far) is the option of cauliflower rice as a base, a plethora of different varieties of tuna including premixed and naked options, and that they use actual snow crab, not imitation. 
I definitely enjoyed the bowl I created for a healthy weekday lunch. I started with a blend of zoodles and hot cauliflower rice. They were both given in generous portions and each gave a lot of texture to the bowl. I topped and topped (cucumbers, delicious marinated mushrooms, wasabi, etc). I added my tofu for protein, and of course opted for that avocado, at an additional charge, of course. (They could've given a bit more if it of you ask me). They did give a nice drizzle of one of their temping sauces and I finished with those onion bits that to me just complete the bowl, giving it a nice tangy crunch. 
Price with tip and complimentary cold water came to about $14. I did have a bit leftover for a second sitting and probably would have had more of it weren't my only meal that day. 
Lack of seating at prime lunchtime and skimpy avocado would be my only complaints. 
Staff was friendly enough and efficient for the rush of the city lunch crowd. All ingredients were tasty and fresh. 
I would absolutely hit it up if I'm in the area again. Wouldn't go out if my way for it though, but really that's more of a matter of convenience.my favorite poke spot in the city. It is expensive but it seems to be the average price anywhere you can get for poke bowls. The toppings selection is great and you can get as many as you want. The salmon and seafood is fresh! So good.tl;dr a poké joint that sacrifices flavor and quality for a trendy atmosphere and convenient location
With the collective rise in popularity of healthy "superfoods" and fast-casual options among young professionals, poké was well-posed to surge into the national limelight. Poké, a ubiquitous Hawaiian classic featuring chunks of raw, marinated fish, is the perfectly customizable option to cater toward the urban masses. And here is where The PokéSpot laid its groundwork.
The spot is close to Rittenhouse and the business district. The deep space with a few tables and a long bar seems perfectly designed for a weekday grab-and-go lunch rush. The white-washed walls feature navy accents, and the few wooden tables have a sleek dark finish. The marble bar lays out a plethora of base, protein, and topping options, echoed by the high-end electronic screens behind the bar. Contemporary rap music plays somewhat intrusively in the background.
During my last visit, I joined two friends and decided upon a Spicy Salmon Bowl. I opted for the zucchini noodle base and all of the free topping options. Despite the complete lack of patrons, the service was shockingly slow. The multiple employees seemed much more interested in their personal conversation than in any of the customers. And unfortunately, the bowl was just as disappointing. The poké tasted on the fishy side, indicating to me that the fish wasn't all too fresh. The zucchini noodles were tasteless and had to be doused in sauce and toppings to enjoy them at all. In fact, one of my friends picked out the fish then threw out the rest.
For $11.50 for a small bowl and basically no service, you will leave wondering what you actually were paying for. If anyone were to ask me about The PokéSpot, I would probably point them a block down to try Wiki Poké instead.(3.5 Stars) Service is quick and fast whether you get it via app or in store. If you like to be put on display, they have a fascinating seating option right by the window. People get to watch you and you get to watch people, which adds to an interesting dining experience. To be honest, it's a cute, casual date seat. The pokebowl is average, nothing too fancy. The only qualm I have about this place is that I paid extra for avocado and got only one slice and a half l olNot sure what happened to this business but there is a sign saying closed. No further instructions on where they went or what happened. Their website was still functional which is why I ordered for pickup. I came to only be surprised by the closed sign. I called but no one answered. I googled to see what happened but can't find any info on them at all.Inconsistent. Will try again I wanted to refuse the bowl I purchased. See photo below. Most containers had scraps left and didn't want to even pick anything. Visual is very important. Contacted location and left voicemail will see if I ever go back based on feedback. Too many places in town to have inconsistency. Poke soup with barely any seaweed salad or salmon 3 pcs of cucumberPretty good, but not among the best poke I've had. The space is clean and well kept, but more of a take-out feel. The fish was okay - tuna better than the salmon, but neither were high quality. Lots of good topping options, including seaweed salad included in the regular price. The sauce selection skewed in the direction of spicy options, and I didn't think the flavor of the sauce I tried were impressive. I was impressed though with the large portion size/value for the money. I'm going to try other places to compare, but this is a solid option in the neighborhoodYummy poke, and definitely not the most expensive I've had. I had ahi tuna and salmon over brown rice.My favorite poke because it has the most topping selections. Now it has rewards for every purchase by using the same credit card for payment. I believe free poke bowl after 10 points. Also deliver through caviar.
I took a star down because I found 2 pieces of crab shells in my poke. Be careful.Avoid this place if you have food allergies or sensitivity. I was served an item I did not ask for and then specifically asked if it was gluten-free, to which I was told it was. 
Then after looking it up, I found out that is was not actually gluten free. Either the employees are not educated on the content of the food or they just flat out lied after screwing up my order.
I want me two weeks of misery back, and you can't give it to me, so I will ensure that nobody I know ever patronizes this place again. Complete garbage in a shiny wrapper. 
Thanks for nothing! And you really need to obviously label which items have gluten or potential gluten cross contamination. Shame on you and your franchise. Shame on your employees.I had a rude experience here on February 10, 2019 around closing time. Due to the high reviews on Yelp, I decided to come in for dinner. When I arrived I was greeted, and asked if I could wait for both employees to finish preparing mobile orders. This was fine, as I was looking at the menu still. But after standing awkwardly for a few moments, as the place was empty, the woman employee told me they were out of white rice for the day. At this point I was extremely annoyed, as I had waited patiently up until this point, and I was really looking forward to ordering a white rice base. So I decided to leave, because I didn't want to eat brown rice.
As I walked out, the female employee said "have a nice day." My issue was the male employee who yelled out, "there are worse things in the world!" It was so unnecessary, and beyond rude. I would have come back earlier in the day, but that employee was so unprofessional.Very good poke! Order via online (save time, no line) in 10mins ready to be picked upI really really love this place, my favorite sauce is the sesame ginger, the toppings are amazing, food tastes fresh, the sliced mushroom is amazing. 
I only wish they more beverage options when ordering online also. 
Food is simply delicious!The quality of the fish looked like its been sitting there for a while, overall it was okay , they give you a good amount but I didn't think it was the best poke I had in Philly.My favorite poke place in town. Great, fresh ingredients and best "signature" bowls. Have been going frequently for about 1 year and always consistent. Would highly recommend!The PokéSpot is one of many poke restaurants in downtown Philly, and this one stands out for high customization, good flavor, and nice portion sizes.
When you order, you have a ton of options for your base (e.g., white rice vs. brown rice vs. greens vs. zucchini noodles, etc.) and your toppings (e.g., sesame seeds, wakame, various different flaky things, rice crispies, and more). The ultimate concoction is always fun and flavorful with a lot of nice variety. The zucchini noodles are quite good, though they don't soak up sauce or juices the same way rice does, so your bowl will get a bit soupy by the end.
Prices here are a bit high ($10+), but that's typical for poke. And you get a decent portion size, so it's not terrible value for your money. I also just got mine to go, but if you want to stay, the restaurant has nice charm and ambiance - perhaps worth paying a bit more for.
Overall, this is one of the better poke joints in Philly. Pay a visit, next time you're in the mood for something fishy!This was my first poke experience, and it did not disappoint at all. When I first heard of poke, I had no interest.. I figured it was just a large sushi roll disassembled and thrown into a bowl. Well.. I'm not that far off, but with a bowl, you can put so many more ingredients to mix! This place as a huge variety to choose from. They have more protein choices than nearby poke spots, and many many vegetables, fruits, and crunch to create your ideal bowl. Fast and efficient assembly line made ordering quick and easy too.I had been craving poke for awhile, and was hesitant to try this place based off of the mixed reviews, but I'm glad I did! I came in around 11:30am for lunch on a Friday afternoon and I was the only customer in there. The staff was quick to help me create my own bowl. I did two proteins, raw salmon and raw tuna over brown rice, and a bunch of toppings. I felt a little overwhelmed by the amount of toppings available since I wasn't sure what would or wouldn't work together, but after having a hodge podge for my first bowl I have a feeling all of them could work well together. My bowl was a filling portion and perfect for lunch!This is hands down one of my favorite poke places that I've been to.  They have so many topping options compared to other places and the proteins are delicious!  I always stick to spicy tuna or spicy salmon and both have been delicious.  You really get your money's worth with the amount of food they give you.  Highly recommend for anyone in Philly looking for pokeDelicious poke. Love the salmon yuzu ponzu bowl. Everything is so fresh and delicious. Nothing overpowering and portions for each ingredient of the bowl is equal.I personally enjoy poke bowls in general and i'm glad to see there are many places opening up in philly. This spot is definitely a great lunch option, especially if you are trying to find something healthy and light. Don't forget to explore the build-your-own options! Overall, i'd come again--the only downside may be the price.I like to think of myself as a tough critic, especially when it comes to food. I have tried some other poke spots since moving to Philly and have been disappointed. I was close to giving up, until I found this gem. The food is very fresh and the toppings are overall very well diversified. Overall the taste is very good. The only thing I wish they had as a topping is pineapple.Smells weird in here. Food is great, smell off putting. I built my own bowl and tried the chili ponzu salmon and regular salmon, combo of salad greens and rice with edamame, seaweed salad, green onion, masago, and avocado. Got sriracha aioli and chili ponzu sauces on the side and used a bit of both, didn't need much. Will come back - good stuff!  Hopefully the weird smell was just a fluke.Great fast casual "chipotle style" poke spot. The ingredients were fresh and there were lots of options. No line at around 1 mid week but it was clear they did a big lunch rush. The service was friendly and fast. Will definitely be back next time I'm in the area or want to order delivery for poke.Waiting for an hour for BOGO on grand opening. Definitely worth it. The place is not big with some seatings, it's hot because of so many people waiting in line out to the side walk. 
Worth the wait for unlimited toppings. It's the only poke that has zucchini noodles. There are so many topping choices that when you put it all together you'll get very flavorful poke. I recommend adding the snow crab worth additional cost. Don't forget the seaweed. The bonito flakes is another topping that you usually find on takoyaki. It definitely adds umami flavor to poke. I recommend adding this,Large, filling, poke bowls with fresh fish. The greens are fresh and crisp, and the amount of food for the price of healthy food makes you feel that much better!
Enjoy!The PokeSpot is one of my favorites to treat myself to on a weekend night. 
I've never stepped foot inside, and have only had it delivered (or picked up by a friend), so I can only comment on the food. 
PokeSpot has lots of pre-made bowl combinations available, but I love creating my own from all of the ingredients they have to choose from. Pick a base, add two or three fishes, a sauce, and all the toppings to your heart's content. 
My favorite is the cauliflower base, which isn't too crunchy or soft, and serves as a great substitute for rice. I like getting spicy tuna and salmon, and the fish is always fresh and the bowl is full of it. The bowls never skimp on your favorite fishies and toppings, and it's a very filling meal. I will continue to order PokeSpot, and hopefully will stop in soon!I'm a big fan of poke bowls and was happy to find out PokéSpot is only a few blocks from me. They have a good space with a good amount of tables and it wasn't crowded when I stopped by after work around 5:30. I made my own bowl with brown rice (didn't expect it to be hot!), salmon (delicious), spicy salmon (delicious - goes great with salmon), avocado (always delicious), edamame (delicious), kani salad (delicious - might be my new favorite thing), masago (delicious) topped with srirachi aioli. Mix it all around and...you guessed it - delicious! Overall, I'd say the whole experience was pretty great.I thought I'd give this poke spot a shot, but the place didn't feel all too clean. Also, the smell of fish starting to turn bad was obvious. I was so turned off that I literally couldn't get past a couple bites and had to throw out my meal :( not happy about itGreat spot! Love that they have premarinade options, I haven't seen that before. I got the chili ponzu salmon and the spicy tuna. They have a good variety of toppings and sauces. I thought the prices were pretty reasonable compared to other places. For around $12.50 I got a huge amount of food! I wish they had a 1 protein option or something smaller, because I definitely don't need all that food. It was really tasty though, and I'm glad it's in the area. I'll definitely be back!