So you want a breakfast sandwich, but you want it fresh, not from a cart, and definitely not a super-processed pre-packaged "sandwich" from Wawa or D&D...this is the only place to visit to get your A.M. meal on. What you will get from here is a sandwich made with TLC from the friendliest of folk; fresh beaten egg, quality sausage, and real American cheese piled on top of a biscuit for heart-attack induced bliss. Order something else, I'm sure it's just as good, but for me this is the "must order" and one of the only great RTM revelations presented to me by my ex.  
Tucked away toward the middle of the market and easily overshadowed by Beck's Cajun, this is a "do not miss" in my book of best breakfasts on-the-go. Also to note, Smuckers is run by the Amish along with many other vendors who make their visits to Philadelphia from Wednesday-Saturday so don't try and hit this any other day of the week or you'll be seriously disappointed.This place rapidly became one of my favorite spots in the market. I find myself stopping by at least once or twice a week now, and keep dragging coworkers and friends back.
While their food is amazing for sure...and as a breakfast fiend I love their bacon, eggs, and scrapple...I have to admit my real addiction here is the Jerky section on the other side.
Smuckers has the best jerky I've ever had.
While I've certainly noticed that jerky is becoming more popular lately, I was spending too much on medicore meats until I was directed here.
I've tried about six of their different flavors...but let me be absolutely clear here...if you want some bangin jerky, GET the Turkey Jerky. I know, it sounds crazy...like why turkey?Let your mouth answer that question for you. Mind blowing.It's an Amish sandwich place, that's all you really need to know, Amish make great dairy, cheese and breads. It's a counter at the Reading Terminal Market and the sandwiches are made to order.
The food:
Pork Roll, egg & Cheese Sandwich- It was my first ever pork roll and I really liked it. It kinda felt like a good quality Bologna or Mortadella, then the egg was super moist and tender. The roll was great, it was nice and soft yet sturdy enough to hold up to the sandwich. It was a great morning pick me up.Ate here because Reading Terminal Market was around the corner from our hotel. My girlfriend and I both had breakfast sandwiches, fresh-made before our eyes. I enjoyed my scrapple and egg sandwich! Would definitely come back again.I don't even know how to start this review.  As others have said - this is a bite of paradise.
I ordered a breakfast sandwich with egg and bacon and actually more bacon.  When I received the sandwich and opened the foil, I actually gasped.  The sandwich not only looked promising, but it also looked like art.  It looked like one of those sandwiches you see advertised on television -- almost so good, it has to be fake -- except that this was the real deal.  By the time I took my first bite, I was in love lol.  It really was perfection.
This sandwich goes down as the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had in my life.  Everything was extremely fresh and made to order.  The sandwich exceeded my expectations by far.
In case anyone wants to try the same thing, I had the  #4 with extra bacon and the bacon extra crispy.  Try it -- if you like bacon -- you'll thank me.Have you ever awoken on a Saturday morning vaguely aware of your surroundings and clutching your head, wondering why oh why you decided to consume so many drinks the night before?  Nah...me neither. But just in case this ever happens to you- don't worry there is a cure. 3 words for you: Pot Roast Sandwich. 
Yes, this may be an unconventional hang over cure, but it is tried, true and delicious. Ask for it with extra horseradish and go gorge yourself. You will feel better in no time. 
In all seriousness, this is one of my have spots in the terminal and if you haven't been by then I highly recommend you go. To top it off the merchants are as sweet as can be. I especially love the older gentleman with the white beard. His grandfatherly demeanor just makes me smile. 
The line can get long in the morning, but it's worth the wait. ALSO seriously try the BBQ sauce they sell at the register. It's finger-licking good.I decided to check out Reading Station for a quick lunch and as soon as I walk in I am a little overwhelmed. So many options and all look great. I whip out Yelp on my phone and I see The Grill @ Smuckers on top of the list and everyone raving about their pot roast sandwhich. I figured I should give it a try and was I right. Thank you Yelp. In fact, their pot roast sandwhich with provolone, horseradish, mayo and grilled onions just made my Mt Rushmore of sandwhiches! Yes the meat is juicy. Yes the ingredients are fresh and quality. Yes to everything every other reviewer said, but what absolutely made that sandwhich perfect for me was the bread. The perfect balance of crusty outside and soft inside that didn't just hold the decadent meat and fillings but complimented them exquisitely in both taste and texture. The bread absorbed just the right amount of gravy and juice to complete the experience, but not too much so that it became a soggy mess. Do yourself a favor and try one of these sandwhiches.Pot Roast sandwich with horseradish cheddar is one of the best sandwiches ever. Would definitely recommend!I read the reviews of the roast beef sandwich - and they are spot on!  The roast beef was moist, flavorful and delicious!  A must have!  I wish there were more side options,  but the fries I ordered were fresh and tasted fine.This place was just alright for me. Egg and cheese was nothing special, but my partner got the pot roast sandwich folks rave about. It was pretty good (I stole a couple bites) but for me a bit over-cooked. Probably a great place to pick up hangover breakfast, but not near the high rating it has now in my opinion.Just arrived in Philly for a day meeting at the Loews and walked across the street to get something for an early lunch. Saw the Yelp reviews and had to try to pot roast sandwich with everything: horseradish, onions, and cheese wiz. Wow, that was really the best sandwich I had in a really long time. Savory and tender beef with the sweetness of sautéed onions and the decadence of the wiz really beat out the typical cheesesteak. I was lucky that the seating area was pretty empty but now I see a line of folks queuing up. Get that pot roast sandwich, you won't regret it! Now it's time to go back home to the Bay Area.I  LOVE Lancaster County grub, namely Amish food! Located in Reading Terminal Market, the pot roast sandwich was exceptional! Tender, melt in your mouth pot roast with a touch of horse radish!!Sandwiches are pretty decent- got the egg sandwich with bacon and extra sharp cheddar on a round roll. They give 3 thicker pieces of bacon and the egg has a slight pepper taste to it. There wasn't too much cheese but it was enough. They provide condiments (ketchup, guldens, and some others) and some hot peppers. The cost came to about $5.94 ($5.50 +tax). I'd come back again!Sweet fancy meat sweats, this place was a treat and I knew it from the reviews but the actual thing was so good... it feels illegal. Wrong. Is it wrong to love a meat sandwich? If loving a meat sandwich is wrong, well, then, you the know the cliche. I'll say it anyway - I don't want to be right! The pot roast sandwich was amazing, with the sharp cheddar and the onions... and the pickle. So simple, the pickle, to round out the flavor of the meat. If you're nice and get them towards the end of the day, you may even be able to score a sub of fries for the chips, though if you're like me and don't want to show the world your love of the meat sandwich and elect to eat in the privacy (said in the proper English as "pri-vuh-see") of a hotel room the fries may not fare well on the trip off premises. Maybe better to go with the chips, but who cares? Potato products be damned! Pot roast sandwich, I may ask you to be my forever meat themed lunch... mmm... meat on bread for lunch... mmmm.Got the Pot Roast Sandwich. Highly recommend this item. The beef is very tender and juicy. The gravy is densely seasoned (almost too much so.) Even though it tastes like they use powder gravy mix, I don't care. This is a very tasty sandwich, especially with horseradish sauce, which helps to balance out the fattiness of the meat. The bread didn't blow me away, but it was good enough that I don't really remember it very well. For a quick lunch at Reading terminal, I'd still pick By George first for price and quality, but this is another solid bet.Came here based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Generous sandwiches for a good price and very friendly hardworking staff. I had the BLT and hubby had bacon egg and cheese on long roll for brunch on the go. Bacon was nice thick cut slices and while I don't usually do a BLT on a roll, I enjoyed the roll (but would go back to toast next time). Pickle was perfect and the chips were good too (not usually a fan of kettle chips). Hubby enjoyed his sandwich on a long roll, again generous with the bacon and the eggs and cheese were combined well (he also liked the Torchberry #7 hot sauce as a topper).
All in all, glad we followed the advice of the Yelp community - may swing back for the famous roast beef sandwich later!My absolute favorite place to get breakfast at the terminal. Their hash browns and sausage are amazing and everyone is very friendly at the counter. Food is out pretty quickly and it's always great.Made a pit stop here for the Pot Roast Beef Sandwich that everyone was raving about. It is excellent, juicy and flavorful. It's worth saving some room for while you're at Reading Terminal market. 
Part of the experience was watching the food getting prepped. You know the food tastes that good because it's made right in front of you. 
It is worth a visit.We had breakfast I decided to go to this restaurant in the Reading Terminal because I saw there was a line and I knew it had to be good. And yes it was the breakfast sandwich were large and fresh.My go to place whenever I'm in the area. The pot roast beef sandwich is the best!!!  Real Pennsylvania Dutch cooking, and real Pennsylvania Dutch Root Beer and Birch Beer (from Reading, PA).
Get it with horseradish and cheddar cheese!On vacation & we decided to walk thru Reading Terminal. Talk about food options! I was in heaven! As we walked around we noticed some women's sandwiches looked amazing. They told us they were from Smuckers...so of course we had to give it a try. We got the pot roast sandwich. It was AMAZING!!! Let me tell you, I would never pick a pot roast sandwich but after this one, I'm hooked!! Tender, juicy, roll was soft, absolutely delicious& a must have if you're ever in the area!A pot roast sandwich?  yes...please.   And wow this was an amazing thing to find.  It was quite good as many of these reviews have mentioned.  Thank you to those that have contributed reviews to help me find a good place for lunch in downtown Philly.
The address leads you into the Reading Terminal Market (named after Reading Railroad from Monopoly fame, I soon learned) which is a zoo of many restaurants and shops all within a happy atmosphere.  You may need to ask the friendly information booth to locate Smuckers, and they will gladly point the way.
The friendly crew working at Smuckers will ask you which type of cheese and if you want onions on your sandwich.  Basically like ordering a cheesesteak but with pot roast instead.  And this is really pot roast in a sandwich, and it was quite tasty and unique.  They have specialty sodas like their own root beer and cream soda, which were both good.
There isn't much seating except a bar counter along one end with about 10 chairs.  By the time your food is ready, someone should be just finishing up, so be patient.The tender pot roast beef sandwich lived up to the name! It was tender & juicy. We got there as they were closing up. The Reading Draft sodas were even better! We'll have to come back, and try their breakfast options.
Even if we ate every meal at Reading Terminal Market during our vacation, we still wouldn't have gotten through all the choices available to us... Which only means we'll have to keep visiting until we try them all. :)Scrapple with egg and cheese.  Yeah...  Not one of my fav things but the eggs, cheese, and bread were very good.This place is amazing! The service was great and the pot roast sandwich was the best thing I have eaten at reading terminal market and the best sandwich I've ever eaten! Dinic's has nothing on smuckers! If you're looking for amazing comfort food, quick and friendly service, THIS IS THE PLACE! WE spent several hours at Reading Terminal Market and I kept gravitating toward Smuckers on what must have been a subconscious level. The pot roast sandwich literally kept pulling me back. I actually had two in the same day, even given the numerous vendors and wonderful aromas of the entire market. Other yelpers have said that this is a hangover cure, they happen to have hit that nail on the head! The fries were average shoestring fries but, cooked to order and very crispy! I'm not gluten free but, they take special care to cater to those who are which really impressed me!THE best sandwich I had in Philly so far. Pot Roast Beef Sandwich with whiz & grilled onions was a delight! Juicy, aromatic and the staff was really nice.When you're in Philly, most people say you NEED to get a cheesesteak in Philly; and while I may upset my brethren from the well known PA city, I've had great cheesesteaks in Philadelphia as well as other places such as various parts of NJ  (Go to Dicola's in Washington Twp NJ and you'll see what I mean.)
HOWEVER, I heard about this place and their "Pot Roast Sandwiches"...and I have to tell you, I can't say much more than the other reviews have already said. I'm not often "wowed", but the Pot Roast Sandwich served here might just be one of the top sandwiches I have EVER devoured.  I added horseradish, onions and provolone. Had another with onions and cheese whiz.
Every once in a while, you run across a place where you will find yourself going to just to devour something special.  I'm telling you, this is one of those places. If I even come NEAR Philly again, I will be stopping in for one of those. Well done!
***Rating is specifically on the Pot Roast Sandwich. IMO, no need to eat much else!The Pot Roast Beef Sandwich is one of the top FIVE sandwiches I've ever had. I've never tried anything else because that sandwich is so good and it is never dry or tastes bad the multiple times I've tried it. 
People get caught up with TV shows (Man VS. Food) "Top Sandwich" hence the DiNic's long line around the Terminal. Don't get me wrong but the Roast Beef from Hershel's next door is better. Hershel's food especially Jewish Deli fare (corned beef/pastrami) is a whole different review on how good that is.
Getting back to Smuckers they are Amish but I believe Mr. Smuckers has them open everyday.  
And the piece de resistance would be that they have Reading Draft root beer, birch beer and cream soda ON TAP!!!!! (See my photo of my half eaten sandwich- I couldn't wait)Listen, I didn't think that eggs and pot roast had any business being on a sandwich together. I was wrong. I had the pot roast breakfast sandwich when I was in Philly for a weekend and it was probably the highlight of my entire trip. This was about 3 months ago and I still think about that sandwich all the time. Like, I would/will probably plan a trip back to Philly for this sandwich alone. It's not a pretty sandwich, and the grease is just dripping down your forearms while you eat it, but man is it good.While the French fries were quite ordinary and tasted like what I would get frozen at the grocery, their POT ROAST SANDWICH is to die for! Wow was it good. So tasty and so juicy and the bread was fresh. Wish I could have eaten three of them. 
Please, you really need to try this pot roast sandwich. Eating it was a wonderful experience. From now on, every time I visit Philadelphia, I will go to Reading Market to have their pot roast sandwich.This is THE best breakfast in philadelphia. 
Their sandwiches have an unbelievably soft yet sturdy rolls that don't get stuck in your teeth like potato bread. The eggs are a thin layer, with just a hint of salt and pepper, folded into a neat rectangle. On top goes the thickest, tastiest bacon I have found in a breakfast sandwhich. And the cheddar. Oh my gosh, its tart and crumbly at first then melts perfectly. 
They also have great omelets and you can get your sandwiches with veggies if you're not a carnivore. 
Of their lunch fare, I've sampled the pot roast sandwhich (to DIE for, especially with the horseradish cheddar). I've also bought their sausages to cook at home, and all varieties have been awesome. The brats are the highlight. 
And the price for what you get is unbeatable. 
I'll never go back to the dutch eating place for a breakfast sandwich or omelet again.Possibly the best breakfast sandwiches in the history of breakfast sandwiches.  Go no further.  My only regret about eating here is that I have two hands and only one mouth.  I have eaten here 5 times everything is fresh and done to perfection.  I spoke to the owner, Moses, the 50 something hulk of an Amish man.  Truly a genuine, kind hearted person, his tight knit family works the stand, and they love what they do.  I could eat here every day and never grow tired of it.sausage egg cheese muffin... bought for my daughter and she loved it!I seriously wish I still ate beef for places like this.. that pot roast sandwich sounds to die for...
This review is for the beef jerky back when I ate beef. They have so many different flavors, original, applewood smoked, Cajun, black peppered .. the list goes on.. and they have turkey jerky for people like me, yay! It seems expensive, $34.99 / LB which yes, is not cheap. But think about how much a package of Jack's Links cost, and how many ounces is that? And their original was my favorite, really nice smokey flavor. 
My mom , whom lives all the way in Maryland requests I buy it every time I come home.. so I think that says something!Never could have imagined how tender and complex in flavor jerky could be before I tried a few from Smuckers! You can taste the love and care.Smucker's has very flavorful food, sort of along the lines of excellent diner breakfasts and sandwiches, but possibly with even fresher ingredients.  A standout to me was the sausage, which had a wonderful kick to it.  The prices are excellent, and the staff is friendly and efficient.  Stools alongside Smucker's provide for countertop eating.I've never actually eaten at the grill. They have a side section for the sale of just beef jerky, and they have a huge variety of it! My go-to is the hot beef sticks: It tastes way better than your commercial Slim Jim's - less oily and a lot more flavorful. . Give it a try - they sell individually or by the pound. Notice the snap with each bite without a burst of oil taking over your mouth - so good. Next time you're in Reading Terminal Market, even if you're not getting hot food from the Grill, try the beef jerky!Awesome pot roast omelet with xtra sharp cheddar!!!!
Will come back. Nice staff.
Everything looked good on menu. Lots to tryDefinitely my go to spot for breakfast at Reading Terminal! Their egg sandwiches are huge and so tasty. I love also grabbing a couple slices of French toast. Also a must is to try their soda bottles. The vanilla cream is so good! The guy at the register is always really nice and so are the people working in the kitchen. Stop by!Mad delicious breakfast sandwich with thick eggs, moist pot roast in gravy deliciousness and sharp cheddar cheese. Just get it! They also had various birch beers on tap. Yum! Grabbed a variety of beef jerky to go.Smuckers is excellent.  One of my favorite places in Reading Terminal.  They are always very friendly, and get the food out quickly.  All of their breakfast sandwiches are great.  They have the best scrapple in the city.  They also cook it perfectly with a nice crispy brown crust.  
My favorite item here is the roast beef sandwich.  I order it with cheese, fried onions, and horseradish.  It's juicy and delicious, and the horseradish has a super kick to it.  It ranks up there as one the best sandwiches in the city.I absolutely love this place. If im lucky enough to get to Philly this is my first stop. I then spend the next 12 months thinking about the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had.
The sharp cheddar is key !Anyone who can take a regular old egg and cheese wrap and turn it into divine gets 5 stars in our book. As I'm only newly back in the states, the thing I crave most for breakfast is just a regular bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. Imagine my surprise when they even offer gluten-free bread for me? I will certainly pay $2 more for that, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR OFFERING!
Excellent service, of course, and totally friendly on top of it. If there weren't any other places doing breakfast at the market, we wouldn't even be upset. This place was just an aside recommendation by our host at the B+B we're staying at, and thank goodness for that, we'll definitely be back!Oh, Moses Smucker.. you have made me a fan. Don't hesitate.  Eat here.  Order the pot roast sandwich.  Do it.
P.S.  We would have left a photo of the post roast sammie but it was eaten too fast.  Darn,  we'll have to go back again soon to do that.The Reading Terminal Market in Philly is one of the greatest indoor markets in the world.  In this colorful and bustling space are so many places to eat some tasty foods.  One of the lesser known places is the Lancaster County stand called Smuckers.  Amazingly you can usually eat here without the huge lines of some of the hyped food stands nearby.  But the food is just as awesome here as elsewhere.  All ingredients are fresh and the service is friendly.  They also have their own counter where you can sit and eat.
What is best to eat here?  The answer is easy - a rare and amazingly flavorful Pot Roast Sandwich.  Add some horseradish cheddar and onions to it.   It is seriously tasty, it is seriously large, and it is seriously messy.  (plan on using lots of napkins!)  There are also some Pennsylvania sauces on the counter to definitely try out as well.  Both the hot sauce and BBQ sauce from Pennsylvania are great accompaniments.
So next time you are in the Reading Terminal Market try a Pot Roast Sandwich at Smuckers  ... but make sure if you see me coming, there's still a seat left at the counter.Smucker's is definitely one of my favorite food stops in the market.  When I'm not in the mood for Chinese, I make my way over here and get an egg and cheese sandwich.  All of their breakfast sandwiches are served on a soft roll and are prepared to order.  I've also had their cheese fries--not as thick as other fries I've had, but they were so good I had to eat them with a fork for fear of my hands getting covered in cheese!  The coffee is hot, fresh, and delicious as well.  The Smucker family definitely has a great thing going, and I hope to continue to support their business.Hands down, the pork roll and sharp cheddar sandwich here is one of the finest things I've ever eaten.Awesome breakfast sandwich. Fresh and hearty. My husband loved it so much he returned for breakfast the next day.The best breakfast sandwich I've ever eaten, hands down. The roll is soft, eggs cooked to perfection, bacon thick and crispy, and the sharp cheddar pulls it all together. Plus at $4.50 its extremely affordable.
In town for 2 more days and will definitely be back. Only downside is they aren't open Monday or I'd be there 3 days in a row.Pot roast, egg & sharp cheddar!!! Hands down THEEE absolute BEST breakfast sandwich I have EVER eaten! So good that I'm randomly sitting at my desk writing this review, and haven't even had the sandwich since last week! The soft, fresh roll is the perfect companion to the tender, flavorful, juicy pot roast that I'm sitting here craving!!Smuckers serves great deli sandwiches with lots of meat quickly. Service is fast and accurate at a deli style counter. The eating area is open for patrons from other restaurants in the Reading Terminal so it is busy with people. Did not take long to find a seat and meet some new friends. The place has a great feel of busy while still being courteous.I spent three days eating breakfast and lunch at the Reading Terminal Market because of a convention across the street. I think this is by far, the best food item I've eaten in the Market. 
The Pot Roast Beef, Egg and Cheese breakfast sandwich was so good!! The roast beef was super tender and practically melted in my mouth. And don't even get me started on the egg - it had so many folds! I don't think i've ever eaten a breakfast sandwich with that much egg in it before. 
The people behind the stand were super nice and food came out quickly in a clear and consistent order. Everyone gets a number and therefore there's no awkward "is that my sandwich or your sandwich?". 
I knew I would be eating a late lunch (had to coordinate lunch with colleagues) and this sandwich kept me very full from ~8:30AM all the way to 2PM.This was one of the best roast beef sandwiches I've ever had. Outstanding!! The root beer was wonderful too. I will definitely be back!!!Had to update my review... still my go to place when in Center City and the Reading Terminal Market. You can get all of the other foods served in the Market elsewhere throughout the city, but only true Pennsylvania Dutch pot roast beef at Smuckers Grill. Worth the trip!The pot roast sandwich was excellent. The pot roast sandwich I ordered had horseradish cheddar, horseradish and fried onions. While at a convention I ordered it twice. The beef was tender, the bread stayed crusty.I only bought the Jerky.  I got some hot n spicy, Cajun and some Old Bay.  All were very good.Grabbed some of their prepared meat snacks of which they had a huge assortment along with various flavors of jerky. I asked for the hot venison, hot beef and sweet and spicy beef.
I had every intention of sharing these but they were so damn good I ate all 12 of the ones I purchased. I would certainly go back and try the other flavors as these were obscenely good. 
Prices were great as they were all around .75 to $1 each for the larger sizes.Get here early because the line for this moves soooo slow.
Got the pot roast sandwich. The meat is very tender and they pile it on, which I loved. But this really wasn't that great as a sandwich. Very tasty with the provolone and peppers, and the bread is soft and good for absorbing the gravy. But the entire time I'm just feeling like this is meant to be served with mashed potatoes as an Amish comfort food, not as a grab & go style sandwich.
Overall - tasty, good value (sandwich includes chips and a pickle!), but not amazing. If I'm back again, I'll try their breakfast sandwiches instead.Good Italian sausage sandwich. peppers, red sauce, onions, pickles, bag of "good's" chips. Excellent BLT wrap. Great thick bacon.This is one of my favorite Amish 'quick bite' places in the terminal.  I am going to make this short and too the point....Others have raved about the breakfast/lunch sandwiches enough & I concur... Very tasty & it's consistent.. Has been for many years...but Folks...What About The Jerky!  This is Amish Made Jerky!!  Are You kidding me...If you are a Jerky Fan....they have ..Turkey Jerky & Beef Jerky ...Delicious!!  Give it a try..they will allow you to sample..just ask!!  
Service is always with a smile of course.A couple of years ago, I went to get a breakfast sandwich there. They managed to get my order wrong even though I seemed to be their only customer, so I wrote them off. I'm a believer in second chances, so I gave them just that. I read good things about the pot roast and how can you not like a place that sells birch beer?!
The nice thing about this stand is that they have pictures of all of their items with the prices next to them so you have a general idea of what you're in for. It makes the ordering process pretty straightforward. I went with the pot roast, egg, and cheese sandwich. So good!!! The pot roast was melt in your mouth good. Incredibly flavorful and super tender. They didn't skimp on the egg either. I went with horseradish cheddar cheese, which paired nicely with the meat, cheese, and bread. For a breakfast sandwich, it's a little on the expensive side coming in around $6. Still very good.
They do take credit. Unfortunately, when I did swipe my card, the cashier asked me if I wanted to add a tip. I was taken aback by this question. If you're going to ask me for a tip, you will not be receiving one. It didn't help that the cashier, wasn't exactly the friendliest, which I expected from the Amish.This is an absolutely fantastic place to get a relatively inexpensive, unprocessed, natural, fresh, delicious meal. 
I especially enjoy ordering the rainbow trout fish sandwich with plenty o' tartar sauce! I also like the chicken cutlet sandwich and a side of hash browns. By the by, ask them about their natural tasting and freshly made root beer, birch beer, cream soda, black cherry soda, etc. Amazing!
The owners are very nice and always helpful.The pot roast sandwich here is a slice of heaven. Probably in my top 3 sandwiches of all time and by far my favorite thing to eat in all of the Reading Terminal Market. 
Get it with sharp cheddar and onions, grab some napkins, buckle up and be prepared to be transported to awesome town. 
Every time I come to Philly I have to come get one of these sandwiches. It's that good.So, I'm writing a review not for the grill and what seemed to be their phenomenal Pot Roast sandwich. Instead I'm writing about their side counter of beef jerky and bacon. Yes, I bought both beef jerky and bacon and am happy to report that both are not only very good but pretty easy on the wallet considering-who thought beef jerky could be so expensive? Me, that's who! I'm a jerky eating fool and it's probably the biggest cost on my grocery budget sometimes. The jerky here is tasty although my faves are the classic and cracked pepper. 
The bacon too is delicious-not the best I've had but a nice straightforward well-cured pork belly. Basically, this place calls to my inner Ron Swanson and I answered!I do not really agree with the 5 star superlatives, but must admit that the food quality for these sandwich meals is very high.  You cannot beat it for a pot roast sandwich or a bacon sandwich.  The bacon is to die for.  This place is worth the trip to the Reading Market.  After thinking further I must give this place a 5 star rating!The pot roast sandwich is so juicy and full of flavor! I also love their flavored sodas. I tried my first Burch beer here. :)  I have bought a couple bottles of their BBQ sauces as well. The staff is very friendly. Smuckers is hard to resist when I'm in the terminal!Fresh high quality ingredients. Friendly service and reasonably quick. I agree the pot roast sandwich is worth trying. The horseradish cheddar lacked bite, but the horseradish sauce will more than make up for it. So get that. Overall seems to be an excellent option in Reading Terminal for lunch.$8 for a massive pot roast sandwich. Best deal in town.  Unless you are really hungry, split it with someone.  It's packed with tender beef pot roast, sharp cheddar cheese, carmelized onions and horseradish.  Soooo delicious.This place is hands-down the single greatest place to buy beef jerky in the Tri-state area. Their jerky is beyond delicious and very addictive. Pricing is around $30.00/lb, and while that seems steep, you will find yourself throwing down cash for some more of that delicious dried meat.Holy crap - these people make a good sammich. So good, in fact, that while I was in Philly I came here for breakfast THREE TIMES (bacon, egg and sharp cheddar sammich) and lunch once, too (I had the roast sammich) - both were priced below what I would have been happy to pay for the quality -  now if only they delivered to Ohio...The pot roast sandwich is pure truth.  Get it. Eat it. Don't be ashamed.Late breakfast at Reading Market. This place does breakfast all day. 
My son and I had the sausage egg and cheese sandwich big enough for two. 
Plenty of food. Nice and hot. 
Why not a five. Well the coffee isn't the greatest.I thought I had awesome secrets, but Smuckers definitely one-upped me with their pot roast beef sandwich.  Tender slices of gravy-laden beef loaded into a soft bun, alongside your choice of cheese (provolone, duh), horseradish (the REAL kind, not that fake cream stuff), caramelised onions, and mayo?  For the mo-fo'ing win.  They should definitely have a sign at the pick-up counter that says "napkin and fork required" because it's hella messy, but utterly worth it.We were visiting Reading Terminal for the first time and totally overwhelmed by the delicious options everywhere.  Why can't we have more stomachs?! We picked this place because it had a long line of hungry, excited looking people staring at the Amish folks behind the counter dishing up breakfast sandwiches.  The excitement was not misplaced!
We had a simple sausage/egg/cheese sandwich, but it was ON POINT.  The sausage was seasoned perfectly, and the horseradish cheddar was to die for.  The hash browns were also great, and the whole meal was cheap.  The tasty sauces on the side of the stand were also worth trying.Love the Pot Roast Beef sandwich. If you have a smaller appetite you can opt for the pot roast on  a hot dog roll, which is about $3 cheaper than if you get it on their regular roll. The service is great; employees are always smiling and are more than helpful.I had potroast in a roll. The meat was juicy and good tasting. It is like a meal. The help is really nice. And the shakes are goid and they gave real roit beer floats. You must treat yourself and your special folks.Wow. This place doesn't look like much and I usually wouldn't go for a place with pictures next to the menu items, however Smuckers never fails to impress me. The breakfast sandwiches are awesome and the Pot roast sandwich is unbelievable. Plus there's usually room to sit at the counter which can be hard to find at Reading Terminal.I had a hot dog today. It was inexpensive and very very delicious. The roll was so fresh and so good. But the hot dog wad good by itself. Even better than the pot roast in a roll.I had a tasty sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich from these guys, on a nice fresh roll with what looked like a seasoned hand made sausage patty, egg and cheese.  The bread was super fresh and the sausage had good flavor, although it was a little light on the spice.  I added some of their habanero hot sauce and that helped!
The service was good, portion size was big and the hash brown I added although pretty standard was tasty.  
The people working there were friendly and the kitchen area appeared clean.  Seating is limited and tight so I opted to eat in the open seating area.  I would repeat these guys and try something else next visit.Are you SERIOUS?!  
I cannot get enough of this place.  Breakfast sandwiches all day.  I always think I'm gonna try somewhere new, but NOPE......I keep coming here, every time I'm in Reading Terminal.
My go-to item: fried Scrapple sandwich with horseradish cheddar, hold the egg.
I had the grease from the scrapple dripping down my chin.  I had the fragrance of the grill in my hair.  Guess what?  I didn't even care.
This place is gooooood. 
(I love telling people what I got, and they look at me with these appalled and disgusted faces.  You people seriously don't know what you are missing.  If you turn up your nose and roll your eyes at me when I say the word "scrapple", I will turn up my nose and roll my eyes at you when you say "tofu".  Exclusive to Philadelphia, I couldn't think of a better delicacy to eat when I'm here.)