Fantastic new spot for French classics. One of the best happy hours in Philly that I have been to and such a beautiful garden space - perfect for our current pandemic dining scene. 
Must haves include the oysters, tartare, and steak frites. The mussels are also fantastic! 
One thing to note is that there are separate areas for happy hour-ing and dinner, but both areas are beautiful so you can't go wrong. Definitely one of my new favorite philly spots - can't recommend enough!Went for happy hour. House wine was actually pretty good. Food portions def seemed to be a happy hour size and by that I mean they were not overly big. However they were tasty. Had a nice vibe even for outdoor dining.Great atmosphere, drinks, and service. Apps are ok. Skip the corn beignets, dry and no corn flavor. Oysters were good and they have an amazing homemade vinegar to go with it. Ask for cocktail sauce if you're that kind of oyster lover like me. Only 3 entree choices and only the burger looked good. 
The hotel lobby and outdoor space was amazing and worth meeting friends there for a drink and maybe an app, then go elsewhere. It is way too pricey for a full dinner.The food was amazing! My husband and I made reservations for a Saturday night and had corn beignets, tarte flambee and oysters for starters and for entree- the steak and branzino. Everything was cooked perfectly and presented beautifully. The wait staff was extremely attentive, friendly and helpful. In addition, the food was brought out in a very well timed manner which was not too rushed and not too slow. 
While the food was impeccable, I could not give the experience 5 stars because we were given a table positioned oddly by the door where wait staff, food runners and staff come in and out. It's also where people come in and out to access the bathroom. The table was not positioned in the area pictured in all of the picturesque photos under the lights as advertised and was away from where everyone else was seated. I asked to be seated at another vacant table nearby but could not be accommodated and was told that it was reserved for later use for a large party. However, that was not the case as I observed during the dinner. So- if seating and ambience is important to you- please notify staff during your reservation that you do not want to be seated at this particular table which is closest to the door where staff come in and out. 
This restaurant is far too nice, the food too good, and the expense too high to be ruined by a poorly placed table in an area that is probably better suited for a planter or a door stop.Normally do not eat in hotel restaurants. However breakfast was included. I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't no simple scrambled eggs could be so flavorful. The second morning we had waffles that very excellent. Even there coffee was good. Good service also.I came here for dinner and did not realize that you could get a seat at a table, the lounge area, or outside in front of a fire pit! That's pretty cool! We ordered the Main mussels, the corn beignet, and fries. The corn beignet were the star of the show. They were so good that we ordered two of them! The main mussels sat on top of a something that's fermented. It was only ok. I personally wouldn't come to this place for a dinner but if you want to have drinks and a snack then this will do. They do have heavier meals on the menu but it's very limited. 
The service was great too!This is such a chic spot with excellent food, drinks, and service. We went for happy hour (you don't need a reservation) and were seated in the lounge area near the bar. We ordered non happy hour drinks (just cuz there's only 1 cocktail on HH and they have great cocktails on the regular menu) and a bunch of HH dishes. My favorites were the salmon tartine (HH), fries (HH), beignets (HH) and the donuts for dessert. Truly, the best part was our server, Kevin. He was kind, accommodating, ready with helpful recommendations, and truly made the night. I swear every time we finished something he swooped in gracefully to clear it away, and when our drinks were low he was always there with a reco for the next one. Go here and ask for Kevin!These dinner devours come all the way from @thewaywardphilly . This gorgeous restaurant is the hotel restaurant of the new wayward hotel here in downtown Philadelphia. This hip modern yet classical restaurant offers a wide variety of delicate eats. While here for dinner, my first choice was to order the petite. The petite consist of golf shrimp, tuna tartare, and 1/2 dozen of assorted oysters both from West Coast and East Coast. My favorite out of the two would have to be the West Coast . The East Coast were really takes for but the West Coast held a burst of flavor which I adored. The gulf shrimp were absolutely delicious and the tuna tartare with Maine mussels in the aioli sauce Was absolutely. Next, for my main dish I order the steak Frites. The steak Frites consisted of a hanger steak, bone marrow chimichurri! I have the steak cooked medium well and it was truly and experience to take something so delicate yet delicious! . If you ever find yourself wanting to try something new that's definitely out of your comfort zone yet while being a very modern hip laid-back kind of vibe? Please check out @thewaywardphilly and tell them shimmy sent you! #philarestaurantweek #philly #philadelphia #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodgasm #foodpics #foodblogger #foodlover #steak #steakdinner #mussels #shrimp #beer #datenight #date #water #oysters #fries #hotel #fun #goodeats #shimmyeatsTHE WAYWARD! Just wow. I came here for my birthday and let's just say the ambiance, the service and most importantly the food exceeded my expectation. My friend I joked that the Chef was in a good schmood that day b/c every food they brought was was delish. Ok, let's get to the meat of things. We ordered mussels; $3 dollars each or you can choose the half/half (can't remember the name) but they cost $36. The "East Coast" mussels that have some kind of himalayan salt on top was fresh and yummy! We proceeded with oysters- they were also awesome. Don't sleep on the shrimp cocktail; those things are HUGE and fresh as well. Okay, onto entrees. I had Branzino and my friends ordered Steak Frites; both items were amazing as well. 
Oh, almost forgot that for drinks we ordered "The OG's" just a little twist off French 75. I'm quite tired of typing right now, so I will provide a few pics for you to debate whether to go or not.
Review: 9.5/10 (didnt like the dessert, unfortunately)A little hidden gem in Market East don't overlook this place. It's very nicely decorated on the inside and the staff was very attentive. Our server made great drink recommendations and the food was top notch. Can't wait to go back for brunch. The bathroom is also really cool, its in a downstairs area with really neat finishes, very private and honestly I judge establishments half on the bathroom situation. I got the chicken dish highly recommend!The service, food and atmosphere were all fantastic. We order a different apps and enjoyed all of them! Wonderful place to eat outdoors without people walking by!Checks all the boxes!   Great bar and comfortable lounge.  Open kitchen adjoins spacious sharp renovated indoor dining.  Outdoor dining on private walkway - no traffic.  So many well prepared reasonably priced dishes;  seared trout, steak pommels, gnocchi Francois.  The $16 Burger is juicy, distinctive and great value.
Amazing Bourbons but cocktails are small and weak.
I've done dinner (inside and out) plus brunch.  Consistent, well trained amd knowledgeable staff.  And a sharp handsome maitre d .Check out the Hotel Canopy. lobby, especially the Restoration Hardware rest rooms,The Wayward has a nice outdoor space off the main streets which is nice because there is no foot traffic coming through the dining area. My party went during restaurant week. The menu was pretty solid. The bar can make a mean martini and the oysters were really good. My two friends who went with my husband and me come here on a regular basis. Good for date night or after work cocktails.Great new spot in Philly with amazing food and drinks. They make their outdoor dining experience something to remember with heat lamps and fire pits near every table. Even on a cold day the heat warms you up.
The service here is amazing. Very friendly and knowledgeable waiting staff that walk you through every dish and ingredient. They're also very good with special requests. I had a "love you" note added at the end of our dessert and it was followed through perfectly. Was sweating a bit near the end of the date wondering if it would happen because restaurants usually don't pay too much attention to the special requests when booking a table. But this place was on point with it and it came out better than expected
Highly recommend this place !!!!I know someone who'd love this place: she's a self-described foodie and in her late 20's and loves a colorful room. There's a lot to notice and appreciate here! The cocktails are balanced and served in wonderful stemware, and the food (I got "The Burger" and it was divine) was perfectly prepared and plated. My one small nit is with the staff:  using tables in the dining area to balance the books and check receipts and "work on the business of the restaurant" feels really out of place here. I'd not even notice in a different (cheaper, tacky) sort of place, but here? Please cut it out. I looked away and enjoyed a pleasant evening--you will too here!Ok so normally I don't go out of my way to eat at hotel restaurants but The Wayward is the exception to the rule. I LOVE THIS PLACE. The menu is small but inventive and it always delivers. Today I tried the chicken, the brussel sprouts, the mushroom galette, and the escargot croquettes. Also had some of the thick fries that accompanied the burger. All delicious. Cocktails here are incredible too. 
Skip the corn beignets - they're not corn-y enough in my opinion. The mushroom galette was a little sweet for my preference.
Also come for happy hour! Great deals!Run don't walk to this happy hour.
Truly - such amazing happy hour vibes. Great prices for delicious, high quality apps and drinks. We tried a little bit of everything.
Really enjoyed it... so much so that I booked my next reservation before I left! Can't wait to be back.Recently went out and decided to try this new restaurant by us. The outdoor space is really cute and well lit but the inside is impeccably designed/decorated so once full indoor dining becomes more of a thing that will be super enjoyable!
For drinks I got the revolutionary and the O.G. french 75. I forget what my fiance got but they were good. Nothing to write home about though to be honest but they're good solid drinks.
For food we had the corn beignets which were very good! Must have. I wish we had a little more sour cream powder on ours because I love that but one of our favorite parts of the meal. I also tried the escargot croquettes which were also good. They were fried into little balls and served with some sauce. Presentation was very appealing as well.
For the main course I had the chicken au lait which I thought came together pretty well. There are a lot of components to the dish and I think they all went together to make a really nice chicken dish. My chicken wasn't the most moist but it was not dry so it was still enjoyable. My fiance had the steak frites which he really liked with the chimmichurri sauce. I just have to say that the frites are probably some of the best fries we've ever had. So if you're here for drinks and just snacking or want extra food for the table, you must get the pomme frites!!!
Overall, really nice cute place in the East Market area. Great ambiance, good food. Definitely recommend for a date or a group dinner spot!GR8 atmosphere, especially on the outside patio in the evening.  Food choices fresh and imaginative. Service was very good - our waiter knew the menu and remembered our order. Would definitely return.Wanted to go on a nice dinner date with my boyfriend, and we saw this place had good reviews, so we came here. We decided to sit outside, and they did not give us a great table, so I was a little bit turned off by the place. However, where we dined did not reflect on the dining experience at all.
We decided to start with the Corn Beignets, as I have never had a savory beignet before. These were delicious! They tasted similar to corn bread, but they were a bit fluffier and lighter. For our entrees, we got the Bronzino and the Asparagus. The Bronzino was incredible! The meat was very lemony and flaky, and it was cooked to perfection. After each bite, we were still shocked by how exceptional this tasted. The Asparagus was fairly good, especially because the eggs were pretty creamy and the truffled mushroom on top was very crunchy, creating a perfect texture experience. The asparagus itself was cooked normally, so the entree was fairly good, but the price was a little steep for what I got. 
As a HUGE chocolate person, I usually need a chocolate dessert. However, I put my faith in our waiter who suggested the Croquembouche, and I am so happy I did because OMG this was one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life. Piled high in a huge tower of heaven, these pastries were out of this world. The soft and light pastry cream was squished in between two donut-like buns covered in sugar for a perfect combination of creamy, doughy, and crunchy. 
To this date, my boyfriend still raves about this being one of his favorite restaurant experiences (mainly the Bronzino and Croquembouche). I would highly recommend this restaurant for a cute date night. And make sure to get a good table as some of their outdoor options are too makeshift and a bit uncomfortable to sit in.Great food!  The outdoor seating is cute and feels safe .The corn beignets and shrimp (wished there were more shrimp tho)  were YUM , the dessert was fantastic (too big for two people tho!) Forgot to take pictures of the main dishes, I got the steak and my husband got the burger, both pretty good! For some reason the main dishes took 40 minutes to arrive, the staff and manager apologized and never charged us for either! (We didn't really even complain, we just weren't gonna return )
Will definitely be going back. However rated it 4/5 just because of the 40 min wait for the main dishes but as I said the service made up for itThe Wayward is a wonderful new addition to Market East! We started on the gorgeous patio but the rain pushed us inside, which is also beautiful! We split oysters, Corn Beignets, Tomato Galette and a cheesy zucchini dish. 
Everything was delicious, I just wish the menu was a little more expansive. The burger seemed a little out of place and I wish there were some more large plate options.
Service was not outstanding and it did (accurately) feel like a hotel lobby bar, but I will definitely return.After many many days of being cooped up in the house in this pandemic, I finally decided to go out and give outdoor seating a try. Thoughts running through my head: will I be too cold? will I still enjoy it as much? Stay tuned. 
Well my questions have been answered. I never thought I'd be one of those people to really sit outdoors in the winter, but here I am. And I'd have to say... I'm a fan. 
I'm surprised that I've never heard of The Wayward before. Credits to my friend for that. This restaurant is located inside the beautiful Canopy Hotel, which is a Hilton chain. The decor inside the hotel was breathtaking. Mixed between modern contemporary and retro chic desifn - beautiful bold colors. Different from what I've ever seen, breaking all the barriers of your typical hotel decor. Would love to stay at the Canopy as a staycation one day!
The Wayward is on the left side of the hotel. Breaks my heart that we couldn't dine in due to the pandemic, but they for sure compensated for that with plenty of outdoor seating. Two fire pits too! Unfortunately, we had reservations for the fire pit and our reservations were not accommodated since our seats were taken, but the manager was nice and offered us champagne for being understanding about it. They had heaters outside near the tables which gave off more heat than I thought. Obviously dress for the weather though. 
My friend and I got "boozy" hot chocolate, VERY strong but delicious. For our eats we got tartare flambee, a cheese charcuterie, and croquembouche to finish off. Everything was delicious. Only thing that could've been better was the charcuterie. It was my first one and I'm not mad about it, but wish it had more variety. Overall service was good. Hats off to our server who told us beforehand that the pouring of the caramel on the croquembouche would be an "instagrammable moment". 
Can't wait until indoor dining resumes, either way I will definitely be giving The Wayward another visit!This place is located inside the Canopy Hotel.  They have a patio area on the side of the hotel and indoor dining as well.  I ate breakfast there a few times while I was staying at the restaurant. It was part of my rate package. You can get your breakfast to go or you can eat it inside.  The patio area is not open that early. The place is very clean and trendy. It has amazing ambiance. The staff is awesome and friendly and they have the best parfaits.  Their breakfast sandwiches are pretty good too. They are picture perfect and tasty. I never got a bad meal from there during my stay.We decided to try The Wayward for my friend's birthday dinner. Wayward had just opened this week, we had reservations for a Sunday at 8:15 pm. The ambiance and weather were perfect that night. They have lights strung up and you don't seem to notice you are in the middle of Center City. The tables were spaced out for adequate social distancing. All the waiters had masks and gloves and were very attentive and knowledgeable. We decided to try ALL the starters on the menu. The corn beignets were my personal favorite. The meals have a French inspiration. The cocktails are reasonably priced and very tasty. I tried The End of the Road, which had tequila, sufmato, apple, and honey. I had the Wayward Burger, which was fresh and delicious. They fries were great too, but by that time I could not eat many. I would recommend this for an intimate dinner. At the moment, they aren't set up for large groups, I believe 5 is the limit. The bathrooms are nice, with individual stalls where the doors go top to bottom, no gaping holes. I plan to come back. Their menu is limited, so I'm hoping to see rotation or items or more items added. Please check it out and tell them a Yelp Elite sent you!I live across the street and have been meaning to come here since they opened. Finally made it by on Saturday and it was great! 
Everything seems pretty safe COVID wise. Very limited capacity inside. Everyone inside is wearing masks and glove. A few random people were wandering around the lobby sans mask which was unfortunate. We sat outside under a heater. Quite far from most other tables except 1. Didn't find much hand sanitizer anywhere was the only thing. 
Very nice waitress. Friendly and knowledgeable about the food too. Not a massive menu but more than enough things there. I had a French quarter and a Ponderosa cocktails. Both were delicious. Prices very reasonable for center city these days. We also had the meat balls and squash. Again excellent. Squash was our favorite. A light but creamy sauce with nice seasoning. Service was quick. 
Outdoor area is very nicely decorated. Heaters are there so hopefully we can keep coming during the winter. One irritation was that water was dripping from the roof near us and kept splashing on our table which was a bit irritating. cushion seats were also way too low for the table. 
If you're looking for a new, COVID safe, nice night out this place is sure to hit the mark. Check them out!To begin with the staff was wonderful. Our waiter was so attentive and nice. We ordered a dozen oysters which were outstanding, we were happy with them. Along with the oysters we ordered the corn beignets. They were tasty but extremely small, they weren't beignets but the size of a donut hole. For our entrees 3 of us ordered branzino, a family favorite. The branzino was so small it looked like the leftover end of someone else's branzino. A hefty price for an extremely small piece of fish. The cocktails were good though. They should rethink their portion size or redo your pricing.Great food drinks atmosphere and staff  the appetizers are really tasty  The burger and fries are really good for those looking for traditional fare on menuThis was definitely a unique dining experience! Located inside the Canopy by Hilton hotel, the Wayward offers delicious cocktails (try one of the French 75's) and a full menu complete with oysters, steak and frites, and branzino. The decor is stylish and artful, and the service was stellar. We will be back to try breakfast and the gorgeous outdoor dining option!!!Cute space both inside and outside but wow does the bar need some help. Long long waits for a party of 3 alone at the barWe had simply delicious Christmas Eve dinner and Christmas breakfast here, plus drinks. Everybody was so nice and did special things for my birthday and the holiday. Special thanks to our waiter Dontay, and Merry Christmas!Birthday dinner was amazing! They were very accommodating considering it was both in the middle of the pandemic AND election night when the rest of the city was shut down. A birthday to remember even without the fantastic dinner at Wayward. 
We loved the fries so much we had to order more as a second side. The steak was great, and the corn beignets were amazing as advertised. But the highlight was  the croque en bouche featuring federal donuts! Give it a try.This place is a great add to Philly! I came here for dinner with my boyfriend and we agreed that oysters are the best we've ever had, period--they are a MUST. I had the steak frites and he had the duck lyonnaise, both so yummy! We also had the charcuterie board, which was phenomenal.  My boyfriend loved the local Wayward IPA too. All thumbs up!The Wayward is a new French-inspired American restaurant located in the newly renovated Stephen Girard building. It has a very upscale feel when you walk in with high ceilings, marble, and blue velvet couches. During the COVID-era, they have an outside patio era and inside at 25% capacity. 
For the drinks, I tried the sister city cocktail. It had notes of honey and bubbles which made for a decent drink. 
For the food, we started with the oysters ($3/piece). There was a good selection and they were very tasty and served with an especially flavorful sauce. We also tried the nicoise tartare. I wasn't a fan of this, perhaps the tuna wasn't fresh. For the entrees, two of us had the burgers and one had the steak frites. We were all pleased with our choices. I especially liked the caramelized onions and gruyere with the burger. Finally, the highlight was the dessert which was a tower of *federal donuts* with a caramel sauce. Loved it!
Overall, I thought this was a nice dinner and enjoyed the upscale ambience. It would be a nice place for a fancier dinner or a business meeting.My GF and I decided to swing in for an early HH and we're extremely happy with our choice to do so. Service was on point, food was amazing, and I really enjoyed the vibe of the outside area. Happened to go inside and the lounge was immaculate. Hope it can be put to good use soon. Def recommend THE WAYWARD!Did not honor happy hour pricing. Blamed COVID for staffing yet still invited for a cocktail.Came in October 2020 for a birthday dinner and had a great experience! Started with the cheese board which was decadent, and cauliflower leek soup (I think), and then the chicken as an entree. Ended with a berry citrus dessert! The drinks, apps, and dessert were my favorite with a great outdoor atmosphere.I love a good happy hour.  Last night we chose the Wayward. The restaurant is really lovely and the space very comfy.   It went down hill from there.  The wine choice red or white for $5.  The white was close to undrinkable   I inquired as to the label and was told it was Stone Cellars.   I looked it up online and it goes for 5.97 a bottle on wine .com and tastes like it. It's not featured on their list.  The $4 beer was a can of wheat beer of no known origin.  Again not featured on the menu.  Point:  reduce one of the $8 taps to $4 and do the same with a wine selection that starts at $13 glass.  The quality of the food at happy hour goes right along with this. They use the cheapest ingredients including the seafood.  The Nicoise Tartare tasted fishy indicative of lack of freshness.   $3 for one little shrimp is a joke.  The oysters at $18 a dozen were shriveled and lacking freshness.  They go way cheap here on what they serve at happy hour.  There are much better happy hours than this sad hour.  Conclusion:  Avoid it.Amazing food! The ambiance and overall aesthetic is EVERYTHING.
Drinks were oooook. Portions are less than desirable. 
But overall, very good. Loved the food!!! Our waiter was MIA too. Kinda weird. But oh well.A great solid restaurant. Best escargot ever!!! my fb review: Escargot croquettes (creative, original and delicious!!!)...4 oyster w/ chartreuse mignonette.... gulf shrimp w/cocktail sauce. I had lunch so I was hungry enough for an entree. Next time it might get 5 starsThis place hasn't been even open for a year and they're amazing. Great staff! I had the pleasure of having Matthew as my server on Friday night! He recommended the crab special and it was amazing he was really on top of his game I didn't even need to ask for one thing. The restaurant itself is beautifully done I definitely will be coming back. Thank you!Food and cocktails were great. Had to wait about 10-15 past our reservation time because our table wasn't ready but the host was very nice and accommodating. Only issue was our food was coming out extremely slow.I really hate to be the one to spoil the excellent 5 star reviews, but it was a mixture between the service and the food that made me feel "ehh" after eating there.
General comments:
- Reservations for dinner can be made on Resy.
- No groups larger than 6 at this time.
- All employees are wearing masks. Some with gloves.
- Happy hour menu is on paper but the dinner menu can be accessed from the QR code on the table.
- The area and aesthetics are great. Love how it has its own little area and not on the sidewalk of a busy street. Tables are spaced out far apart
- Loved the gold silverware they had. The presentation of the food was lovely.
- Inside was really beautiful and clean. Bathroom was great, gives real privacy since the door is full length from floor to ceiling.
Service:
- Tobi, who appeared to be the manager, was excellent! Really pleasant, professional, and accommodated my party as much as possible. It felt like he was more of our server than our actual server, Tom. I really appreciated the time and effort Tobi gave to our party.
- Tom did not really check up on us for the first hour. He checked on us 1 time when the happy hour food came out, but did not come back. We were low on drinks and would've enjoyed refills. He knew we wanted to order dinner as well. We sat waiting for awhile and decided to ask Tobi for some help. Perhaps he was focusing more on the main dinner dining area. (We were seated in happy hour area for dinner as well.)
Comments on their happy hour:
- First come, first serve. No reservations.
- Pomme frites: yes, they are very crispy, but the aioli sauce could've been better. Also, fries were a little salty for me.
- Oysters: tasted great, however wished they provided oyster forks. Best deal for happy hour.
- Corn beignets: the reviews raves about these however I thought they were OK. I think it could've used a little more flavoring.. just felt like I was eating fried dough.
- Happy hour white wine was Pinot Grigio.
- The Wayward IPA was highly recommended by two friends in our group. Tom said this is only offered during happy hour.
Comments on dinner entrees:
- I had the Wayward burger for dinner. It came with the pomme frites. Overall, I thought the burger and the fries were too salty for my liking. 
- Friend said asparagus was salty.
- Friend said steak frites lacked flavor. She was disappointed considering the price.
- Friend said branzino was good!
I was really excited to try The Wayward, but I definitely don't feel like rushing back to go there. The overall experience lacked consistency, which led to my 3 star rating. Perhaps they're still trying to figure things out because it just opened and COVID-19? Just wanted to give a heads up for those that are thinking to try this place for the first time.Unfortunate to have to give 2/5 stars. When I searched the web for "The Wayward" before coming here I was super excited to try it out. The food looked great, and the ambiance looked like the perfect spot for me and my friends. 
The first disappointment was our waiter. I'm not sure if he was typecasting us because we were a large group of girls, but he was quite rude as he did not come to our table more than 3 times. When we were placing our order we asked to share a bunch of appetizers, which he seemed to have a problem with. He also suggested that we share bottles of wine rather than get individual glasses, and the bottles ended up being $60 for a wine that I could buy at a liquor store for $15. 
Which leads me to my next point, the food was good but definitely overpriced. The beignets were good but they needed some kind of sauce because alone, they just tasted like fried dough. The aioli that came with the fries could have been more flavorful. Also, the shrimp cocktail came doused in rock salt that my friend and I had to scrape off. The brussel sprouts, I will admit, were very good. 
Overall it was not a good dining experience. It's too bad because The Wayward has a lot of potential if they spruced up their menu and hired nicer staff.The ambiance of The Wayward is so retro and casual. I loved dining inside here. Went here for happy hour and the food was absolutely delicious, and the drinks were very refreshing.My husband and I visited the wayward as one of our stops in philly on 10/18/2020. I chose it after a long day of searching online for the best food and romantic spots. It was our anniversary so I wanted something really nice. Well it was, ambiance was amazing. Food was to die for (especially dessert). Staff was extremely knowledgeable about food and inviting. In times of a pandemic it can be hard to find these amazing places, but most of all it's important that we make sure they stay open. I am from nyc but would definitely eat here regularly if I lived closer. As long as it's open I will continue to visit the wayward when I am in the area.My boyfriend and I were looking for a good outdoor dining spot with a private courtyard, and as luck would have it I happened to read about The Wayward in an Inquirer article. 
I'll start with the service, which was friendly and fast. There was a small hiccup in the beginning (I didn't feel that the table was *quite* clean enough), but our waiter (Sidney) quickly remediated that by giving the table a second clean. He also provided excellent recommendations for the food and drink.
Speaking of the food, there was pretty much not a single thing that we consumed that was not excellent. Among the can't miss items: the corn beignets (probably my favorite item from what we ate), the Maine mussels, and the pommes frites. But seriously, they did not miss with a single food item. I also really enjoyed my drinks, the Revolutionary and the End of the Road. I wasn't quite as big a fan of my boyfriend's drinks, but I think that's just a matter of taste since I tend to prefer sweeter cocktails.
All of the servers were wearing masks and the distancing measures were appropriate. I took note of the staff cleaning the chairs and tables after other guests departed. The bathrooms were also extremely clean.
Our bill ended up not being particularly cheap, but given how much we ate and drank it was actually a pretty good value. There aren't many tables to accommodate large groups, so I'd suggest coming for a small get together or a date night. The Wayward is a great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and I'd definitely recommend checking it out if you're looking for something new.Food was excellent. Simple, clean concepts with complex flavors. Everything was perfectly cooked. The ambiance was lovely; we sat in the beautifully-decorated dining room, but walked through the outdoor seating, which was magical. They even have heaters out there, which is a nice touch. Our server, Devin, was the height of warm professionalism. They took excellent care of us, answering all our questions about allergies and substitutions very thoroughly. We left feeling full and happy, and eager to return!Came here for happy hour and it was totally the move! Tasty snacks and good drinks, haven't been here for dinner but would come back. The sour cream & onion corn beignets were DELICIOUS, a must try. Cute outdoor patio with lights and heat lamps with a very modern Art Deco vibe inside.Great experience! Awesome atmosphere, social distancing is great here but still a feeling of normalcy. Both the manager and our server Katie were excellent. The oyster selection was very good, and we ordered the burger and steak frites. Everything exceeded my expectations. Definitely will be returning.Stopped in to have a couple of drinks on a Saturday afternoon since I did not make my brunch reservation. The outside ambience isn't much, looks like random chairs and tables where anyone passing by could sit. All in all, the drinks were spirit forward and tasty and the brussel sprouts and fries did not disappoint.Such a fantastic spot for Happy Hour! We were served by Lamar, who was so attentive and kind. He gave us great recommendations for nearby attractions and grabbed us everything we needed before we had to ask. 
Their happy hour oysters are delicious and so tasty with their Mignonette dressing. Their fries are wonderful and perfectly salted. Our drinks were great, the Bartenders Punch, which was a refreshing Vodka drink. The hotel itself is charming and has plenty of seating for their Happy Hour. I highly recommend The Wayward if you're in the area.Great cocktails! Neat little spot and the half chicken entree was incredible. Texture and flavor were spot on.Thank you for your excellence, Lamar!!! We had a blessed time! Lamar was radiant and friendly! A true professional! We had 2 rounds of oysters with a vile of magic herb sauce! It was so refreshing with a sprinkling of lemon and hot sauce!! We loved the Sam Adams Seasonal and Woodford on the rocks! Corn Beignets! Crispy outside and a warm gooey cream corn like middle! We enjoyed these so much!! A great cheat day treat! We also had cappuccinos and fancy doughnuts (Croquembouche) with hot caramel loving poured over pecans and cinnamon!! Wow!We ordered several things from the menu and everything was delicious. The service was also excellent and the manager was extremely personable. We really appreciated the welcoming environment.We've been back to the Wayward about 4 times since I wrote my first review here, and each time has been amazing. We did have to wait a bit once when we had a dinner reservation, but they brought us complementary champagne as a thank you for our patience. We've been here for happy hour as well. Food is always great, service is always great, and this restaurant has quickly turned into one of our favorite date night spots!Such a lovely Brunch spot!!! If you're looking for a fancier style brunch this is a good spot right in center city! They had awesome big carafes of mimosas and wonderful food!I met my boyfriend for drinks here. I arrived about 15 minutes after him and had to wait another 20 before any of the wait staff acknowledged me for a drink. I know they had an event on their patio but we were sitting directly in front of the doors that entered into the restaurant from the patio area and no one would even make eye contact or see if we needed another drink or food. The restaurant itself was not busy with dinner service and as a waitress myself I would understand if there was wait due to that reasoning. The one drink I had was good but the service wasn't great we left after 1 drink and went elsewhere.I was looking for a new place to visit on a precious day off from work. A quick yelp search for new restaurants in town brought me to The Wayward. It's conveniently located in center city in a new Hilton hotel. The hotel/restaurant area itself is such a pretty mid-century modern vibe. 
The menu was limited, but featured some seafood along with some snacks, salads, sides, and a couple of main entrees. The drink menu was very gin-forward (which I love).
We decided on the corn beignets, the cheese and charcuterie board, some oysters and shrimp, the mushroom galette, and some brussel sprouts. My favorite was the corn beignets--super fluffy inside, mildly sweet from the corn, overall yummy. I only wish there was a little sauce or sour cream on the side. My mouth was slightly dry after a couple. I liked the mushroom galette, but I felt that the mushroom pieces were a bit too chunky for my liking. I had pictured them to be more thinly sliced to fit better with the flat pastry. Flavors were good, though. Brussel sprouts were good too, but nothing spectacular.
For drinks, I had the Sweet Dee and the Revolutionary (both gin). I LOVED the sweet dee. It was refreshing and yum. 
To finish off our meal, we ordered the croquembouche. I was a little hesitant after hearing that it would be a whole tower of donuts, but so glad we got it. They were mini federal donuts (almost munchkin sized) filled with creme pat and drizzled with gin caramel on arrival. It was a very "instagram-able" experience, and also delicious. I ate a couple there, and took the rest home. They kept pretty well (not too soggy the next day, and still just as flavorful).
Overall, had a great time here. Would come back for happy hour and snacks!Do not go here if you're looking for something good to eat. Overpriced and over salted. It literally taste like you're eating hot salt. The fries are just okay and the escargot is very meh. Would not go here again, not to mention they do not follow COVID-19 guidelines. I had the "wayward burger" very salty, and it tasted like a grilled cheese with ground beef. Again maybe find another option.Amazing! I looked for a dinner reservation near our hotel (The Loews) and found The Wayward with its 4.5 star reviews. Everything was superb from the food (perfectly crisped branzino!) to the service to the drinks. I would definitely recommend eating here if you're in the area... or come to the area to eat here!Went for restaurant week. All 4 courses were absolutely delicious and perfectly filling. Food came out quick, and the outdoor seating area was very cute and scenic. 12/10 would recommend trying out. Would go again!Beautiful ambience, great cocktails, excellent service, but just Ok food, and a bit overpriced.  I came here with my wife for dinner. We both really  like the atmosphere. It was outdoor dining only, but they have a really nice front patio area. I was able to go inside to use the restroom and the restaurant interior was beautiful. There was a nice bar inside too. 
The server was very attentive and well informed on the menu. The cocktail list was awesome. I went with an old fashioned and it was very well made. We ordered the chowder, cheese plate and oysters. The chowder was good, but have had better. The cheese plate was good but too small for the price. For dinner, I got the duck salad and my wife got the steak frites. The salad was strange. The duck was incorporated in the croutons, which was weird. But the flavors were tasty. The steak was a bit tough and the fries were over salted. Overall, the food was just OK but the overall experience warrants a revisit, especially when the bar is open!Our experience was just a little weird. I was going to give it a 3 but the staff was friendly and it had a nice atmosphere. 
Came here with a friend on night, our reservations were for 19:45 and they closed at 21. The setting is beautiful and calm. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Especially Sid (I think thats how you spell his name) who is normally the bartender but he was our waiter. The drinks are rather expensive but super strong so you are getting your money's worth. However, despite there only being a few people eating, the main course took a while to get out. And when it did, the manager (I assume) brought it out to us and kind of abruptly asked if we wanted to take it to go (as it had stated sprinkling). We decided to eat it there anyways. One of our sides was wrong and that took a while to get right as well. Then a staff member comes by and starts asking the manager where one couple who was dining had went to...like she was worried. Did they dine and dash?... I'll never know but it was so awkward. Then when waiting for the waiteress to bring the recipe back, a homeless man started walking around the restaurant and singing. A staff member began to tell him to leave but instead of approaching him, she yelled from the door. He threw a glass on the floor and left.
I'm going to attribute the weirdness to the late night and it being a pandemic and all. Overall, I say give it a shot. I think it will be an amazing place to stop and have a few cocktails with your friends once it opens up completely.The Wayward you are truly incredible, I had a spectacular experience here yesterday. It's kinda the perfect location. Staff are very helpful and service is really quick. Every thing I've tried up until now is good. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area.The customer service was stellar; the waitress, the bartender and my server were key points of my experience. The staff is essentially incredible. The food may not have agreed with my taste palate, but the wine and oysters were delicious.Amazing first experience at the wayward! First and foremost the waitress was so accommodating with my fish allergy and alerted the chef to alter any dishes - they happily edited out any fish sauces and whatnot. We ordered the beignets and asparagus to start - amazing! The beignets actually tasted so good with the asparagus truffle sauce, so great picks/mixes! Then we had the steak frites and lyonnaise salad. Steak was cooked SO perfectly and it was tender and delicious. The frites were great too - cooked with coconut oil which was a pleasant surprise! The lyonnaise salad was really fresh and delicious and the duck scrapple was a perfect addition. They dealt with covid so well and separated tables outside so we didn't feel worried one bit. Highly recommend!Its that time of the year again...Center City Restaurant Week! This year, I went on a double date with my friend and we agreed to try out this new restaurant called The Wayward.
On the day of, we arrived at the location where we had the choice of sitting inside or outside in the patio. We sat outside because we wanted to enjoy the cool breeze and the ambiance the place had to offer. The waiter was super friendly and checked up on us every so often. We placed our restaurant week orders and also had 2 orders of the raw oysters (east and west coast - east coast FTW imo )
The food came out at a good pace and everything was very tasty. The only dish I didnt care for was the Pot de Creme, a chocolate pudding with goat cheese mousse topped with diced almonds and the Escargot Croquettes. I was hoping for a whole piece of escargot not a minced pieces of it but besides that, I enjoyed the food and the service.HIGHLY RECOMMEND! We reserved this restaurant for our 5 year anniversary and Wayward gave us primary seating inside with no one near us. All staff wore gloves, mask, face shield and goggle/glasses. They even gave us complementary champagne on the house! Food was *chef kiss*. We had oysters, escargot croquettes(which is their signature dish) and corn beignets for appetizers which were DELICIOUS! For entrees, we had steak frites and chicken au lait. The chicken au lait comes with coffee carrot purée and it was an amazing new take on a chicken dish incorporated with coffee! We will def recommend this place to our friends and hope to come again!Smooth St. James oysters in a delicious mignonette.  The hanger steak was perfectly cooked to each of our likings!  Tender, slightly sweet Brussels sprouts.  Ended with the tasty Mushroom Galette for dessert and brought most of it home for breakfast!  Friendly service with very helpful suggestions!  Comfortably safely spaced tables on their private outside patio.  The perfect place for our 1st dinner out in over a year!It was really fun to stop by Wayward's to experience their seasonal cocktail truck & outdoor happy hour!
My friend and I pulled up to the Wayward's cocktail truck and by no surprise there was a long moving line. While we waited, we had the opportunity to enjoy the beautiful Christmas tree and decor outside. 
Finally, when we reached the truck -- I ordered the yummy spiked hot chocolate with flamed marshmallow inside! Also, tried their fries w/ aioli sauce -- that was great too! As you can imagine, it was a cold December pandemic night and the hot chocolate helped to warm me up!! 
Went inside the fascinating Wayward to request to be seated outside for their happy hour! They have outdoor heating lamps. It was so cold that it was challenging to stay and keep the food warm. Tried their corn beignets that was pretty good! Also, had the mushroom and chicken sausage tartines -- good too. Topped it off with their daily bartender's punch that was on point!
Before leaving, was able to go back inside to use the restroom (also to get some real heat). The ambience and decor is cool!
It's a nice place to eat a bit, drink and socialize.The Wayward it almost there, but not quite. We were recently there for dinner with business partners. The food and service were good, but the ambience is lacking a lot. The lighting is so bright like a hospital cafeteria or like it's closing time. Perhaps the management needs to see how they can elevate the overall dining experience, but however based on the last dining experience, my rating is just above okay.The ambiance of this place complements the philadelphia restaurant seen. The location is inside the canopy hotel which was different for me. They have an outside seating area which is beautiful and where we originally wanted to go but it was too cold outside so they closed it for the public. We were seated upon arrival and had a server named Jocelyn, I will give her credit as she tried but seemed a tad bit tired compared to tom who we had at the end and was amazing, I would have loved to have him for the full service.  The overall menu was pretty limited and basic so they lost a lot of points for this especially for how nice this place look. We started with the corn beignets which was great, what would elevate it if it came with a sauce. I order the wayward burger with fries (no salt) and i'm so happy I stated no salt because they were extremely salty. I was in shocked because I could only imagine what my party was eating. The burger was okay at best. This restaurant needs a update in regards to menu as it is super limited and lack anything to make it stand out.Love love love their happy hour! Portions are small so don't recommend the shrimp or tuna (although they are delicious) but the frites, oysters and the corn beignets are a MUST.Visited this new American/French hotel restaurant for outdoor dining on a weekend and had a generally good experience. The patio area is nicely decorated with heat lamps and multiple types of seating.
We made a reservation for happy hour and dinner, since happy hour is first come first serve and they wouldn't allow us to be seated in the dinner section and enjoy both. Odd when I'm spending $25 bucks on HH, followed by a $150+ dinner, but rules are rules. However, some HH outdoor seating is downright uncomfortable, like sitting in a beach chair and trying to enjoy a fine dining meal, so we couldn't wait to move. 
Our waitress was outstanding (Molly I think), warm personality, knowledgeable, and attentive. On to the food.
HH: Corn Beignets, Daily Tarte Flambé, Chicken Sausage Tartine, Pommes Frites, Gin HH special. 
Corn Beignets were tasty as were the Crispy Pommes Frites (aioli was subpar), and Kale and Mushroom Tarte. Skip the Tartine, it was small, lacked color, and bland. The HH gin special tasted like juice, barely any alcohol.
Entrees: Started with an Arnaud's, get this! What a delicious drink. Followed by the Duck a l'Orange and Chicken Au Lait. The duck was a special and was OUTSTANDING. Wow, the olive oil cake, endive, and perfectly cooked duck was worth it. My wife enjoyed her chicken dish as well. 
Dessert: Federal Donuts Croquembouche was an inventive rendition of a classic dish, but disappointing because the cake was dry and the caramel sauce was burnt. In addition, the kitchen was so backed up that food was coming out slowly. We finished our lattes well before dessert arrived, our server offered to give us another which was nice.
There was some good and some bad, I'll definitely give them another try.
Overall:
Corn Beignets 4/5
Pommes Frites 4/5
Tarte Flambé 4/5
Chicken Sausage Tartine 1/5
HH Gin special 1/5
Duck a l'Orange 5/5
Chicken Au Lait 4/5
Arnaud's Cocktail 5/5
Croquembouche 2/5
Latte 4/5First thought - what a cute place! There's plenty of outdoor seating with gorgeous indoor seating. It was not packed indoors on Sunday for lunch which was great for our group of 5. We ordered pommes frites and croquembouches for snacks. The croquembouches has federal donuts sandwiching some cream and drizzled on top with caramel. It was unique made for a cute tasty starter/dessert. We ordered from the brunch menu. I got a lox croissant which was pretty good. This place gets five stars for the aesthetic ambience, attentive service, and decent food. It's a solid place for hangouts.This place is a hot mess. Called the night before to make a reservation and they said if we come in for happy hour, we can only participate as walk in for the following day. We come in the next day and the hostess tells us "we don't have happy hour today due to a staff shortage" and we can't give you a table because we are fully booked. The place was EMPTY. 
We should've left but sat at the bar to grab a drink and an appetizer. The drink was fine (nothing amazing) but the shrimp that came out were gray and had the funniest taste. We sent them back and got our check.
There are so many great places in Philly, don't waste your time here with poor service and unsafe food.Beautiful decor. I really wanted to sit outside but it was cold. Overall the inside is warm and welcoming. Staff is friendly and attentive. Oysters are delicious and you can't go wrong with a Pinot Grigio. Also a plus staying inside the canopy hotelMy wife & I went there last night for her birthday dinner & we couldn't have been more pleased. Our server Chelsea was exceptional; friendly, knowledgeable, efficient, helpful, etc. Management came by our table to check in & she couldn't have been nicer. The food presentation is sophisticated, neat, beautifully presented & just overall well done in all facets. 
Thank you to The Wayward for a wonderful night that we remember for a long time.I'm so sad and disappointed to write this review. I was extremely excited to try this place and went for the drag brunch. The drag show was 100 and I wish I could have said the same about the restaurant service and food. 
I got there early for a 10:30am show. Our server was running behind as other tables started off with coffee and drinks as their show began while our order had not been taken. It was a pre-fix menu and entree orders presumed would come later. The entree orders were taken after we reminded them. Our appetizers came after everyone was wrapping up. They forgot about our entrees and came twice to clear the table at which point we had to remind them that we never got served. The show ended 90 mins later and everyone was given their check while we still waited for our entrees. The place cleared out and at 12:10pm which was 10 mins after the show ended is when we got our food, still no coffee. 
The food was very disappointing. The avocado tartine was expected with a runny egg but as you can see from the picture below, it was definitely not a runny egg. The bread itself was very hard, felt like it had been reheated. The scrambled eggs were good but the bacon was hard, not crispy. 
I was so excited for philly to get such a lovely restaurant and the food pictures from Yelp looked fabulous but it all seems like a facade.