This place had an awesome selection of beer in my opinion, especially sours which is why I went in. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I went in 15 minutes to closing and the guy standing outside who said he was the new owner basically tried to turn me away, stopped me at the door and made sure I knew they were closing soon and that I couldn't drink my beer inside which I had no intention of doing but never had a chance to say so before I was stopped. I ended up spending almost $200 on beer, so you're welcome, but I won't be back. I like places that encourage business. If you close at 10, you close at 10 and not at 945. I'll stick to getting my beer at Food & Friends.This place is running out of coasters but Dustin looks p good in a crop top. Thx.  anyway they did a good job and if you don't post this yelp review I'm gonna be so pissed @yelp. And have I mentioned the crop top?! Daaaaaaaayum. Okay well see ya next time yelp.Yes, this is a yuppy, hipster sandwich place that at first made me want to roll my eyes, but they have damn good, huge tasty sandwiches.  My husband loved the sardine sandwich.  Hard to find one these days.  Lots of meat choices, and veggie choices too.  Plus they have free bubbly water on tap, serve yourself.  (Why can't all restaurants have this?  Love it!)  Their sides were way over priced and did not look entirely appetizing.  Otherwise, I would have given this place 4-star.I didn't think I liked sandwiches....but we all know that that's just not possible. Everyone loves sandwiches. And if you love sandwiches, you'll love The Corner Foodery. 
The first thing to catch your ear about this Rittenhouse gem is its unparalleled bottled beer selection to carry! We all know good beer carry-outs are a rare bird in uber-liquor-strict PA. But Corner Foodery has a bottle selection that would make any beer snob blush. The local and internationally stocked coolers that guide you from the entrance to the back order counter seem like the stairway to Heaven....and they might as well be. 
Despite their surprisingly spacious sitting area (the place is at least triple what it appears from the street), I've only had their office catering. These guys NEVER disappoint. Their ingredients are top-notch and their artisan sandwiches would rival any bready bite in the city. My faves are definitely the meatball grinder, the Milstein, and the porchetta, thought you really just can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. This, THIS is what Philly should be known for--Gourmet, two-handed, chewy-rolled goodness. So put down your soggy cheesesteak and had over to Corner Foodery for a real sandwich (don't forget the long hots). 
The only problem you might have there is deciding whether you're more impressed by the craft beer or the craft food. I still can't decide...Yes please! What a great addition to the Rittenhouse Square Area. I had an absolutely wonderful time stopping by the new Foodery after happy hour to check it out. Not only did they have some of my all time favorite beers that are hard to come by (ex. Prism Red Zone!) they also were stocked with an interesting and diverse selection of bottled beers that the employees were more than willing to walk you through them. 
We got our beer selections and sat down at the large picnic table. Right now they only do sandwiches and some sides..but I wanted just charcuterie so the server happily sliced me a little of everything free of charge so I could try it out. We also got a side of potato chips and the marinated artichokes which were super yum.
Great experience! Nice place to stop with friends and try out some funky beers!Very large and diverse selection sorted by style. The beer is always fresh and I never have a hard time finding stuff I like. However, the beers are expensive and the staff is often unfriendly.Best beer selection in the area, kinda pricey but that is everywhere. They normally have a special 6pack on sale for $10. I've only had the happy hour sliders, which weren't very good but everyone goes for the great beer selection.The sandwich I had (the swan) was really good, and the chips and pickle it comes with really make a satisfying lunch. 
The beer selection is pretty decent, but I'd only buy something here if I couldn't find it anywhere else because it is EXPENSIVE. And I used to live in SoCal, so I know expensive. It's several dollars more than bottles from Whole Foods. Like, I think the Corner Foodery sells Rochefort 10 for something like $14. For about 12 ounces of beer. Whole Foods sells it for $8 or $10. I forget which, but something much cheaper than $14. It's an expensive beer, and I'm sure this location is pricey to rent, but wow. 
Also, it's kind of an awkward set up with a counter in front and bar in the back. I walked in on a Friday night when they are supposed to be doing beer tastings and I was practically the only person there, and no one offered me a tasting (advertised on the chalk board outside) or even really spoke to me at all.Had a great time! Came here after the Philadelphia Marathon with all of my friends and we ate burgers/sandwiches and talked for a few hours.  Great food, fast service, and comfortable atmosphere.  Burger was tasty, too!Fantastic beer selection, friendly and talkative workers, great place to sit down and relax.  Had the saturday night games on, but did not drown out the place with loud music.  On top of that, the fair pricing and fantastic food makes this place a hit!The amount of beer they have at this place is just amazing! It is a little overpriced but you can truly find anything. The service is also great and they are always open to helping you find the right beer.Both food and beer were delicious! It's a beautiful view with all the amazing beers! I'm digging that throw back hip hop!I recently was in the area for to see a comic at the comedy club and wanted to grab a quick dinner before the show. After wondering the streets, we ended up here. The store front was welcoming, and there was ample seating & beer. 
When we walked in, we headed past the endless fridges stocked with beer and made our way to the counter. Here the menu is displayed on chalk boards. After you grab a beer & place your order you can find a seat. The place was clean and the service was friendly. 
I ordered the Cesar Kale Salad. The portion size wasn't huge, but it filled me up and all of the ingredients were fresh. My friends ordered different sandwiches and soup, everything looked delicious and everyone was pleased with their meals. 
The Foodery is somewhere I'm looking forward to going back to & I highly recommend it for a quick bite or a relaxing beer.A nice little spot for a post-work chomp n' chat sesh -- just a quick note: the long hots on the short rib steak w/ horseradish aioli? HOT. And long too. But, backed by a chocolate vanilla porter on draught, it's all good. Also, quite a few TVs to catch whatever Philly sports team is desperately trying to get a win. Aw, Philly sports teams.Cornery Foodery is such a welcome addition to the area. In the few short weeks it's been open, it's become my go-to place to buy beer. Previously I'd go to The Foodery on 10th St, Food & Friends, or Omega in a pinch, but Corner Foodery's location is so much more convenient. Corner Foodery surpasses all of those places in its excellent customer service; there's always a knowledgable person there on hand to answer questions and help you select a beer. The selection is excellent, though I think for certain rarities one may still have to go to the 10th St Foodery; by and large, though, Corner Foodery has just about everything I could want or need. The atmosphere is very pleasant, with a spacious and attractive layout and wonderful artwork. 
I also love that they have a bar with draft beer and some tasty sandwiches and snacks, which makes it a great place to stop for a drink after work or on a weekend while out running errands. The seating area is comfortable, and I love the self-serve water dispenser with chilled, sparkling, and still water on tap. Service is at the counter, but despite the lack of table service, the staff is quite attentive about clearing tables and is overall friendly and helpful. We ordered some warm mozzarella and olives, which were quite enjoyable, and we look forward to returning to try their sandwiches, which look delicious. In addition to being able to order from a thoughtful selection of draft beer, you can also buy bottles from the shop and drink them there. 
Corner Foodery should certainly be on the radar of any beer lover in Center City, both as a place to buy beer as well as a place to eat & drink.Wow! I can spend a lot of time in here debating what to put into my six pack. This is an outstanding beer selection, and a great addition to the Rittenhouse area. I'm very close by, so it's very easy to walk here and grab some new beers to try out. The prices are a little high, but it's still worth it to me.
They also have some really good sandwiches to choose from (the meatball one I had was very good and filling).
There seems to be at least one or two beer tastings every week, so make sure to check their website or twitter for that information.Beer, beer, beer! I came here last weekend to pick up a few beers for Sunday evening game night/ Game of Thrones (oh yes nerd heaven) and was blown away by the selection! 
Now, I haven't eaten here YET so keep that in mind! But, based on the beer options and the extremely friendly staff I had to write a review! I think the selection is outstanding. I've walked by this place so many times and had no idea that there was glorious brew cave hiding behind those doors!
The best part, you could buy a bottle, two, or as many as you want of various selection! I picked two completely random seasonal brews to take back home. 
That is another cool thing they have going on, the beer is sorted by location (and seasonal). I'm pretty sure I spent a good 30 minutes ogling the selection.... That's why I thought the staff was so nice. While the rest of the party was checking out and I was shouting "just one second!" The person working the register insisted I take my time... Being the annoyingly indecisive person I am, this was a dream come true! I will be back! Hopefully soon!Awesome selection of beer. It's literally a 60 foot wall of beers. 
The food could have been a little less expensive and could have had a little more meat in it. Cold sandwich was tasty, but needed a little more meat. Burger looked good but was small.
Hopefully you're smarter than me and go for the beer (get fries, if necessary). Should be called the Beerery.I came here on a cold day after a run.  I ordered way too much food, and loved every bite.  My running partner got fennel sausage and peppers, I had a meat ball sub, the popcorn and a tomato and roasted red pepper soup... And 2 beers on tap.  It was all more than I expected- fresh bread, delicious meat, the sandwiches were a triumph.  The soup and soothing and creamy, and the beers were down right refreshing.  
What a lovely surprise.  I was expecting Jimmy Johns.  So much more.Fantastic beer selection! Cheap eats and open relatively late night. We usually just get fries and beer there so cannot attest too much to the food. However I'm always pleasantly surprised by the cider and beer selection.Unbelievable range of great beers on tap and in bottles. If you go during happy hour, all drafts are $2 off and "snacks" (incredibly tasty) are 50% off. What's not to like. Very helpful staff as well. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in Philly.An overwhelming beer selection, it's an International beer hall.  Beer drinkers will become regulars just to work their way through the vast selections.
My date however wanted wine, and with only beer on the menu, we had 1 unhappy diner with us that night.
A bit expensive compared to some of the other options in the city for beer variety, but it is in Rittenhouse, and you are paying for the convenience of selection.  Great spot to meet the guys to catch-up, but there's no real scene to speak of, which makes it a great spot to just grab a beer and BS.Went here for snow day lunch after work and was quite impressed with the craft beer selection. They have about 30 yards of refrigerators that house different craft beers. You can create your own six pack and go or grab a bottle and hang out. I ended up choosing from one of the six or seven rotating taps (decent selection). It was an Imperial Red from Ballast Point and it did not disappoint. We came just before HH so I just ordered a cold sandwich. I went with the Swan which included portabella mushrooms, artichokes, eggplant, tomato and mozzarella on a seeded bun. The sandwich was stuffed with fresh ingredients and was thoroughly impressed how big the portions were in between the buns. They were definitely lacking in the amount of chips served, but that is a minor detail for me. Overall, it was a great and low key place to drink great craft beer while the snow gently fell outside. Will definitely come back here to grab a beer and catch up on work.All sandwiches look yummy!  I decided to go with a salad but you can do it as a sandwich too. And talk about beer!  They have every kind of beverage you could want.  The staff was really nice and very helpful.Had some shopping to do downtown and saw that this place was in the area. I heard that they had a solid drink selection and they definitely did. Walked in and it was kind of overwhelming and for this location the menu and ordering area is in the back. I quickly placed my order for the artichoke veggie sandwich and took some time to see what drink I wanted to choose. I ended up with a nice original sin cider which was spot on with the sandwich. I did the half and half combo for half salad and half sandwich. Good choice if you are looking for a light lunch for a decent price. Overall great experience and service was very fast, I look forward to coming back to try some of the other sandwiches and drinks.Favorite beer spot to buy singles or build my own 6 pack. This place has a bunch of beer that other places don't & cool ones I had never seen before.
There is also a cool seating area and the food is great, especially between 4pm-7pm when all the snacks are half off.Seems primarily a beer store but this review covers food only. Had the burger which was good and well priced. Godfather sandwich was average, nothing special. Good, friendly service. If you're there and hungry, grab the burger.I am only going to give 3 stars. The price and beer is good enough, but considering the situation, environment and service, only 3. But they do have a lot of different kinds of beer, I never saw so many in one place.A nice American Fare menu with delicious and meaty subs, cheesesteaks, breaded chicken sandwiches, etc is overshadowed by a massive entire wall of this establishment which is actually 17 full refrigerators of the best bottled beers from around the world.  Sunday is happy hour, as are your standard 5:30-7:30 weeknights.  You can get half off drafts, or you might choose to pick one of their 10,000 beers and crack it there.! i recommend the godfather sandwich or the house fennel sausage (10) paired with the german imported aucht shenkerla rauchbier (8.50) for a delicious & filling snack. 6-8 rotating crafts on keg plus Seventeen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Refrigerators full of beer as their entire wall.  That's cool.  Bartenders are awesome too.Really cool concept for a restaurant. You pick your own beer (the selection is HUGE) from the cooler and then take it to your table. The food is great as well! Definitely would recommend this placeHad the porchetta sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe. Wow! It was great! I'm not generally into sandwiches but the choices here are excellent, and the quality and taste just great. Loved the free seltzer water too. The young man who waited on me was kind, patient, friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back...and I plan to do just that.The Corner Foodery is the perfect fusion of high end sandwich shop and craft beer market.  It's an odd but brilliant operation that works beer + great sandwiches = ingenious.  They have an absurd selection of several hundred different beers.  Some beers are not priced as well as others but there is a good chance they'll have what you're looking for.  
Simply put get the Milstein, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, long hots, stewed peppers and the best breaded chicken cutlets I've had.  I thought the meatballs were lacking in depth of flavor when I got the meatball sub.  
Have a beer, have a sandwich have a break we all work too hard not to enjoy both.Kind of wish I could put this place in my pocket and take it to DC. Love how they took the single bottle carry out to the next level with individual buy and drink, taps, and food on site. Gone are the days where you order a beer and they are out of it- everything is on display for you to pick out on your own.I can't speak to the food although I have Been told it is solid. Their beer selection is staggering and impressive.  There are certainly some pricey options but this definitely the place to go for hard to find craft beers from all over the world.Rating us for a pub. Very good and diverse sandwiches. But he same can be said for the American craft beers and international fare. Great time after running the marathon.Excellent hoagie!
I ordered the godfather which comes with an assortment of cured meats and very well dressed with toppings and the mild hot sauce. It was extremely tasty. 
They had a very large assortment of craft beers which you could help yourself to in their very long span of refrigerators. 
The place didn't have much seating, but I was able to get a table at the kitchen bar. 
I will definitely be coming back if I am in the mood for a sub.
One last thing, the subs are pretty large. 1 could easily work for 2 people.I really wanted to like this place and I have tried it several times. The first problem is that they don't have any prices listed for beers.  When I purchased a Rogue Dead Guy ale 22oz I was shocked when I went to the checkout and it was $14.  In my shock I paid the price and stewed about it for a while.  I thought something had to have been wrong and the girl had accidentally charged me incorrectly.  So I went back.  What a mistake.  Everything here is overpriced and I'm not going back.  I have given it several tries, but I always leave feeling like I have been taken advantage of.Another great gem I stumbled across! The beer selection is insane, so many to choose from! Not only do they have an amazing beer selection they offer a great tomato bisque that will make you want to lick the bowl, I'm not kidding!! The prices here are great too, very inexpensive! Lastly this place is just a cool spot to chill, eat a great meal and drink an ice cold beer!"Dude"!  "Bro!"   
Yeah, hipster heaven.  Every sort of beer in a bottle, artisan sandwiches and VH1 on the big screens.
I went there for an early lunch on a Saturday before a tour of Center City.  11:00 a.m. is too early for me to indulge in alcohol, but many other patrons were sipping craft beers and had their heads hung over their phones.  
I ordered a meatball grinder.  The bread was fresh, but the meatballs were no different than you would get at a Subway.  But I think more people go there for the beer.  
If you want a bit of an insight into Philly Hipster Culture and not feel odd about drinking before noon, this is your place.Fun fun fun! I got a Midas Touch and a Tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich with a balsamic glaze. Came with a huge pile of potato chips too.  I am an absolute sucker for a good TBM so they're all considered perfection to me, but this one had a pretty decent amount of basil on it which is clutch. Would have preferred it to be a bit more panini-ed, but then the mozz would have been to melty and odd. Either way, I'm a sucker for a TBM.Amazing beer. Delicious sandwiches. And adult sandwich combos! So glad they have a 'new' location so close to me.Yup, this place is still WAY overpriced. So much so that it really turns me off from returning. 
Both last month and last fall, I picked up the special edition Ommegang Game of Thrones beers here. My husband is both a beer and a GoT fan. We missed out on the first release, which sold out in a day or so, so I was eager to show up here and grab a bottle as soon as it was announced on twitter. 
They charge DOUBLE the suggested retail price. For the second release, Take the Black, I think the expected price was $8 and it was close to $17 with tax. For the last release, Fire and Blood, I was also charged $17 and some change. Come to find out, these beers aren't that rare anymore, and places like Whole Foods and Wegmans in Montgomery County were selling the same bottles for $9.99. 
No thanks. When Whole Foods is reasonable in comparison you should perhaps evaluate your pricing. I have no idea why people keep shopping here. Despite the good selection, if you do a little research, you can find pretty much all of these beers much cheaper elsewhere.The foodery never disappoints! It always has something we want to drink (it helps that they have fridges stocked with cans and bottles if you don't find anything on the draft list)! In addition to a variety of libations, the food options are always tasty. We got the meatball sliders today and the combination of sauce and spices really hit the spot for a mid afternoon snack. I think they change their menu regularly because this is the first time I've had the meatball sliders (in case you can't tell, I highly recommend!).
We often find ourselves starting our adventures in the city with a drink at the foodery! It's always a great start to a good night!Neat place, good selection of ciders and view of the game. I just wish it was less loud and more brightly lit.I didn't try the food here, but this is an awesome place to have a beer.  The beer selection is really wonderful, and the atmosphere is very nice.  Great service, and great to find Firestone Walker beers!Getting to sit and eat/drink here felt like you were getting away with something to have such good beer for so cheap and be drinking it out. Great concept. I used to just get mixed 6 packs from here, but the one by Rittenhouse was a great spot to hang out at. Sandwiches we got were good and well priced. I had gotten a chicken, broccoli rabe, and roasted pepper one which was good, but I'd probably get something else. It was so loaded with massive florets of rabe and a ton of peppers, so it was not the classiest to eat in public. Still good regardless and I love this place.
They are even accommodating in frequently clearing your beer bottles and such when its an order at the counter deal. Everything came out quick, and you can just keep your tab open while you keep grabbing amazing cheap beer from a big big selection. Lots of thumbs up!Working in the neighborhood for a few weeks, so have had a chance to try it out a couple of times.  Overall, a very cool spot.   Outstanding beer selection with pretty much everything available by the individual can/bottle.   Always wanted to try that craft beer from Rochester but didn't want to commit to full six pack?   No problem.  Have had two sandwiches (Porchetta and Roast Turkey) and both were top notch.   My only quibble would be the prices.  Beer is definitely 10%-20% more than what I'm used to paying, and the sandwiches are on the steep side.   Still, as a higher-end sandwich shop with great beers and a cool vibe, it's hard to be overly harsh.Just found this place after 3 years of walking by this is a must !!!! If you love cider or beer this is a great place to come!!!Had a burger from here and was blown away at how great it was. Juicy and robust flavor and the bun was melt in your mouth quality. Not to mention they have the most robust beer selection of any place I've seen in the city limits. You can even mix and match a 6 Pack from the cooler while you're there and hang out and drink it in the bar. Great prices on drafts too when considering the area and how expensive bars are nearby.This place is incredible. Awesome beer selection, more than reasonable prices, and delicious food. More than that though, The Corner Foodery is a generous establishment, which is something I can really get behind.
To explain, last time I was here, they were giving our free Southern Tier Pumking (out of a hollowed out pumpkin) and free Maryland Blue Crabs. I can't really explain why this was happening, but it was, and it was incredible.
Even when not giving out free food and beer, The Corner Foodery has a wide selection of bottled beers, most of which are a full $1-2 cheaper than you can get them at most other bars.This sandwich is fine, but leaves a lot to be desired. The meat lacks flavor. In fact, all the sandwich tastes like is heat because of the long peppers. It's probably the same for all their sandwiches.Very clean place friendly staff, overpriced food. Very confusing atmosphere and layout!  There were 2 or 3 guys sitting at the counter drinking beer and typing emails (guessing the my were the owners). I mean what if I wanted to sit at the counter and have a beer? Some of them were standing in the way of the ordering area too! The sandwich was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. The mozzarella was very fresh and the roll was good, but very small! For the price you can get a 2 ft hoagie elsewhere! I don't see myself coming back here for food, but I think I would come back to grab one of over 1,900 beers!Still excellent, if not better. Tony and Vivian (the owners) really try hard to make sure anyone who stops in for a sandwich or just for a beer pickup is satisfied and well-informed. I have lunch here at least 3 times a wk, and their sandwiches are truly amazing. My two favorites are the porchetta and the bambino bianco, although I'm dying to try out their meatball grinder, as I tried a meatball and it is freaking AWESOME.Great place to enjoy great food, great beverages and great friends. I loved this place. Food portions are very generous.A great beer selection (of course!).  The sandwich I had for lunch a number of weeks ago was Excellent, certainly worth the extra $2 over what a hoagie would cost at the local Boars Head type joint.  
I went recently for drinks after work with former co-workers, and the staff was good behind the bar, but don't expect table service.  The menus were just kind of spread out over the table, no water offered.  The situation is more 'grab a beer from the cooler (or draught), order a sandwich and find a seat!  However, we were at a table for 10, so it'd be a nice touch to get a little attention.
I digress.  The kitchen accommodated a special order, for meat and cheese plates (not on the menu) and a number of good sides (peppers, mushrooms) for our table.  Tony Rim, the owner and I talked and he said they're thinking of expanding into this type (not dinners, snacks) in the spring  I hope he does, the meats and cheeses were top notch and a great side for drinking an amazing beer with friends.  We certainly stayed longer and bought more beer because of it.Picked a favorite bottle from the fridge. bought single beer, opened it, drink it - only $3. 13 seconds.The food here is so good.  As some have said its a little pricey but serving sizes are huge.  I ate the whole thing but easily could have shared the Porchetta.  Everything about it was amazing - the pork tender and flavorful, the provolone adds a richness, the broccoli rabe a freshness and the peppers add great crunch and spice.  The bread is also perfect for the sandwich.  
The beer selection here is great.  I visiting from out of town and had a few beers while I was here and then got a 6 pack of variety to surprise my husband with when he got to town.  There was a great mix of local and national choices.  There were a lot I had not seen before.  We came back few days later for a beer and they had some new ones on tap that were unique to try.  If I lived here I would be here all the time for great food and beer dine in or to go.The Corner Foodery is an excellent new addition to the Center City nexus of takeout beer, tap beer, and gourmet sandwiches. I was there for its opening day and this partnership between the takeout beer emporium The Foodery and The Corner restaurant does not disappoint.
The decor on the inside is not your average Foodery and is more in line with The Corner on 13th street. The space inhabits two long properties opposite the Sofitel Hotel which have been joined together. On one side you have a long hall of coolers containing the top-rate selection of beers one would expect from the Foodery. More of the selection of rare bottles is available on tables opposite the coolers. There are small counters at the front and back of this side of the space. The back counter has several taps. 
On the other side you have ample seating for the restaurant portion of the business. The seating is a mixture of long communal tables in the front, along with wooden booths and two person cafe seating along a large bench. The back of this side has the counter which offers food along one side and taps on the other. 
I ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone on a long roll. It was huge and excellent. Other people in my party ordered one of the sausage sandwiches that comes on a long roll. I sampled that and it was exceptionally good. Several of the sandwiches cost around $10. 
The Corner Foodery was also handing out complimentary half pours of beer for free in honor of their first day. The beer was Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale which tasted great on tap. 
The ambiance, selection of takeout beer, and the selection and quality of the food make The Corner Foodery an excellent place to stop for lunch or to pop in to grab some quality takeout beer in an upscale setting. They have done an excellent job on their first day of business which is not easy to do. They get four stars on the basis of what one can reasonably review upon the first day of a business. I will be returning to update my review. You should not wait for that. Stop by.Really enjoyed the casual environment, beer selection and food! We were just in town for the weekend and we are happy that we found this place!Initiate "kid in candy store" mode.
This place is right around the corner from my office. As both a beer snob and a lover of a good caprese sandwich, this place makes my heart happy. Had a very short wait during lunchtime on a weekday, and was pretty pleased with the beer selection. 
Yeah, the beer can be a little pricey, but let's be honest about buying beer in Center City: if you want something a bit classier than an Olde E in the Rittenhouse area, you and I can both stomach a few extra bucks.We have visited The Foodery countless times for beer and a few times for food. We love this neighborhood gem with hundreds of bottled beers to select from. We usually make a stop by to build a custom craft 6 pack (10% discount when you build a 6-pack, 15% discount for same kind). The Foodery is our go-to location to find rare imports and hot domestic crafts. The atmosphere is laid back and open with 4 large TVs for viewing making it a prime lunch, happy hour, or game-time spot. 
We have eaten here twice, once for sandwiches during lunch and another for a light snack while watching a hockey game. The food selections are reasonably priced for the Rittenhouse neighborhood ($10-14) and range from soups and salads to a wide variety of Italian sandwiches. They freshly carve Italian meats and serve the hearty sandwiches with chips and a pickle. They have a great selection of light snacks that are made event better during their half-price happy hour where you can get $0.50 wings and even free blue crabs in the early fall!
The only downside to the Foodery is that sometimes the unique and favorite beers can sell quickly, so stay vigilant and talk with the staff about when new shipments will come in. The staff is very friendly and helpful with assisting you in your evaluation all of the beers and cleaning up your trays before you have a chance to clean up for yourself.With delicious made to order sandwiches made from gourmet Italian deli meats and cheeses, and a variety of hot sandwiches (think roast pork, meatball, sausages, etc), Corner Foodery makes a great spot for lunch near Rittenhouse.  I had the caprese, with fresh mozzarella, delicious ripe tomatoes and fresh basil, seasoned with balsamic vinegar- delicious and refreshing on a hot summer day!   
If it had not been a workday, I would have loved to indulge in one of the hundreds of choices of single bottle Belgian and craft beers (an entire wall of the store) or a draft beer to wash down my sandwich. I'll be looking for an excuse to come back here for dinner or a drink after work!
Love the concept, will be back!Ate in at 11 something in the morning. Got the special, half a sandwich and soup.  It came on a tray with chips and a half sour pickle.  I don't drink beer and they had only one flavor of diet soda, which came in a 16 ounce bottle.  
The food (tuna sandwich and clam soup) was excellent and fresh.  I was disappointed that the soda wasn't a fountain drink.  I could have used a refill while eating.  Also,  there's plenty of options for diet/sugar free soda that would be fancy enough for the joint.  Please consider getting some!
FYI, there's no wi-fi.One of the best spots in center city.
Nico was nice enough to coach me through what the beer of the month was.
I plan on coming back again when the weather is nicer so I can take advantage of the outdoor seating.This is a cool trendy place for lunch, serving good sandwiches and a wide variety of drinks. I sat at the bar, ordered a Milstein sandwich to go with my sports drink (they also offer sparking and still water on tap). The sandwich has great bread and moist chicken. I would've liked more of the broccoli rabe and less peppers - the peppers or pepper flakes (or both?) gave a hot kick to the sandwich that didn't make me sweat, but was definitely noticeable. A half-sandwich would've been enough for me, I didn't touch the potato chips. A bonus was talking to a friendly Philadelphian at the bar. I give an added star since the Foodery carried Club Mate. I didn't expect to see this German beverage in the States. If I'm ever back, I'd try some of the ciders or other drinks as well.Beer selection.. 5 stars.  Beer prices... 3 stars.  Food... 3.5 stars. 
I visited on a Sunday evening for dinner, and to check out the beer selection.  Was excited to have a different craft beer store in Rittenhouse other than Food & Friends, hoping to find some better prices.  I wasn't disappointed!  The craft beer selection was great!  Several finds here that I don't see at F&F.  Prices weren't as low as I hoped, but they were on-par with F&F. 
My roomie and I also ate, had the meatball grinder, and hot turkey sandwhich.  The turkey was delicious, fresh arugala and pesto with big turkey chunks.  Was not cheap turkey lunchmeat, this was the real deal turkey!!  The meatball grinder was good, but i wish there was more cheese melted on it. 
Service was great!  The lady explained the menu, poured us some draft beers, and was totally sweet and friendly.  She was so nice!  She says it gets really crowded during weekday lunch hour, and Friday nights.  So, come here when they aren't so busy, and you will enjoy yourself!
Buy 6 beers (mix-and-match), get 10% off!!  Great deal, I took advantage, and will be back again soon!So, so many beers,  More beers than you could ever imagine. More beers than even the most hardcore beer enthusiast would ever see in their dreams.  We are talkin' row upon row of glass door refrigerators,  from which you can make your selection of funky imported beers or American craft brews.  I selected a Trooper - a beer brewed with the assistance of Bruce Dickinson, the lead singer of Iron Maiden. It tasted good - in a heavy-metal-salute-the-devil sort of way.  The food, however, wasn't quite the equivalent of a rippin' shred-fest guitar solo, at least based on my limited sample size of one visit.  I ordered a half of a short rib cheesesteak and a salad, and neither was occasion for the production of any "yummy" noises.  The chips that came with the sandwich and salad were the best part of the meal - at least on that visit.  I will definitely give 'em another chance to impress.Pretty good sandwiches and a SUPER extensive beverage selection (beers as well as bottled sodas and iced teas). The roasted turkey with bell peppers was quite tasty, though nothing outstanding. Sandwiches are served on a long hoagie roll with a side of potato chips, though the portion of potato chips varies quite a lot between orders. It's a little dark inside, but a nice casual and fairly quiet place to go for lunch. 
TL;DR: Come here if you want a good craft beer, and maybe a sandwich to go with it.Never disappoints. Delicious and fresh food and obviously tons and tons of beers to choose from. I love that all drafts are $2 off for happy hour. Lots of selections of bottles of course but nice to have draft options as well!I asked the server at Monk's Café about a good bottle shop nearby and he suggested this one.  If you're looking to have a beer and a bite to eat, just pull one of the beers out of the refrigerators or a draft beer and get yourself a table, because they have all that available here too!  You can create your own 6 pack which is what I did.  I was hoping to find some Cigar City beer there, but I was disappointed to find none.  They did have Brooklyn Brewing though, so I took a few of those home. It seems like a really cool place for lunch and a beer or a quick 6 pack on the go.I am a HUGE fan of this place. The amount of beer this place has to offer is outrageous. When I've gone with friends, we've all shared a make your own six-pack and sat down at he tables and just drank and chit-chatted. The atmosphere is very relaxed and there is a lot of room. It's a really great space. They also serve some finger food. We all shared a tomato based artichoke dish that was outstanding. 
The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. They are happy to help you pick out some beers that you might like and to tell you a little about them. They also have a couple of beers on tap that you are able to try. 
All in all, I would highly recommend this place. It's a great place, maybe one of the best places, to grab a six pack or to just relax and enjoy a beer with a friend.Great sandwiches(AMAZING), you can even do halfs! My fave is the short-rib and Tomato-Very filling. Love the create your own sick packs. Pretty nice to sit in and enjoy your food/drinks as wellCame in off the street for lunch today, immediately greeted by a very helpful, smart girl. Although the lunch rush piled in, the service was great, the food was tasty, and the beer was aptly selected. 
Easy, walk in for a sandwich and craft brew.I had the hot fennel sausage sandwich, and it was pretty basic. Nothing to write home about. It was just some pieces of meat on regular bread with some peppers for flavor. However, I gave the Foodery some extra points for the venue and premise of the restaurant itself. The opportunity to buy some six packs or individual bottles with your sandwich, and then eat at the restaurant is unique. Additionally, their unique app is a great way to pre-order your food and check what beers they have available.  Inside is very nice, the wooden booths are welcoming and it has a warm and casual feel to it. I'd like to come back and give the Foodery another chance and try the kegs and eggs deal for brunch. $6 for a breakfast sandwich, home fries, and a beer? Seems like it can't be beat!Great place to grab a beer. You will probably have a tough time deciding because there are so many options. I didnt get any food on my visit but it did smell/look good.Love this franchise, something for everyone.  Decent bottle selection, very good draft selection, great food, great atmosphere, water station, TVs, good music, interesting crowd, decent prices... and on and on and on.  It close early for a "bar" but that's the only downside.  Stop in.  You're welcomeGood beer selection. Sandwiches were excellent. Also good music and atmosphere.   Lots of tvs and seating.My turkey sandwich was not bad, the atmosphere was nice, but I was hoping the grilled peppers would be more flavorful.I wanted to order lunch today. I wanted two burgers one medium well and one well done. They said they couldn't do well done. The lady who answers was nice. I asked her if they were pre done idk why u can't make well done.  I understand chefs and there preference but I'm tryin to try your food and I'm the one buying it. so I never ordered there for lunch and can't tell you how it tastes.Big fan of the foodery (esp the northlibs location) but with this name, the Sansom location needs to step up their game. No complaints with the drink selection but the actual food was below
par (at least what I tried). With that said, environment is still a pretty chill spot.