I love the atmosphere of this place. It's more of a lounge than a restaurant. Excellent decor. Great customer service. Conveniently located downtown. The place tends to get crowded so don't go starving. But in case you do, just go upstairs to the bar... same menu and better personable service.Came back for another brunch - this time on a Sunday at 11:15 or so.  Service was still speedy and without hiccups.  The eggs benedict I got were cooked just right.My boyfriend and I were just wandering downtown when I was struck by the giant olive out front.  Naturally, we had to enter, and once again were pleasantly surprised when we saw the swing-seats upstairs.  Early as it was (5ish?) we immediately got a table with swings on the second floor, and proceeded to order.  The service was fantastic, the classic cocktails are done just right (I'm an aviation lover), and the food, though a bit small for the price, was incredible.  Loved the pad thai and the ahi tuna.  Came back a couple days later for drinks on the rooftop and while the lobster mac and cheese wasn't quite as good, the cocktail was once again perfect.I stopped by the Midtown on Sunday afternoon mostly to escape the rain partially out of curiosity.  My friend and I were actually headed to Devils Alley for brunch when the sky opened up and unleashed  there fury.  The Midtown was closer so we hoped in there to warm up and get something to eat.
The Decor is great very quirky and trendy but fun at the same time.  I feel bad for the waitresses though the uniforms are horrible almost like car hops without the skates.
I ordered a burger which was fantastic and my friend got the lobster mac and cheese which was very good.  I also tried the bacon infused bloody Mary which sounds scary but was amazing.
It didn't seem like that had a very extensive menu for that hour of the day but I liked what I ordered so oh well.  Our service was good nothing over the top amazing but decent.  all in all it was a OK experience.Had a cute little brunch and some cocktails with my girlfriends here this past weekend. Their champagne drinks and food are delicious, and their service was speedy and friendly. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because they are a bit overpriced and also we asked to sit in one of the booths in the middle of the first floor and were just told "no, sorry."Went here on a Sunday, great ambiance, awesome customer service, food was also delicious! Great areaStarr restaurants are the place I kinda hate to enjoy. He is never very chef-centric (albeit il Pittore) and I prefer to support establishments that are. But I love the continental, both locations. They have a big menu, but not in an overwhelming sense. Just big enough that you can go with a big group and everyone can get whatever they are craving. All different types of cuisines and for the portion size I think the prices are very fair. Some of our favorites are the tartare, french onion soup dumplings, lobster mac, mushroom flatbread, and rad na thai chicken. OH and they have an awesome salad now. Called the continental chopped I believe.. kinda like their own version of a nicoise. It is amazing. Drinks are meh, nothing too special. And of course, being a Starr establishment, the decor takes you to another place.There's two locations, olde city and center city. The one in center city is bigger and has a rooftop bar. The decor inside both is retro and very cool. The center city location has these wicker chairs hanging from the ceiling, it's cool looking but not very comfortable. Brunch - food is ok. Not mind blowing but decent. The drinks are where it's at. I came here with my bestie and she had this bacon Bloody Mary which I got to try and it was awesome, made with bacon vodka. YUM! 
Rooftop bar - The center city location has a rooftop bar with a separate entrance past the main entrance. The ambience is really nice and modern. There's a interior and exterior portion up there. Interior part is air conditioned which is a must on the hot and humid summer nights of philly. The drinks are pricey for philly standards, about $10 each but the cocktails are good. It's usually really packed on a nice night out so get there early.this place is definitely a creative stephen starr restaurants. I loved the whole layout, the different seating arrangements, the furniture, the lighting fixtures, etc, etc, but we're here about the food! 
My sister, cousin and I ordered the lobster mac n cheese, french onion dumplings, and the calamari salad. Again, from an eater from NYC, the portions were amazing! Fed all three of us and kept us full for hours (3 to be exact). I wasn't crazy about the lobster mac n cheese bc they used orza instead of macaroni or any other pasta. It was creative but just felt wierd eatting mac and cheese like that. The calamari salad was excellent. just simply, good amount of calamari and great vinegar dressing. The french onion dumplings were good too (6 of them per order) but again, being from a family of restuarant and buffet owners, they could have used a different type of skin for the dumplings. 
Service was excellent, atmosphere was great, and the food decently priced (again, I'm from NYC) so I was happy! will come back if I visit Philly again.Two stars, only because the food was still somewhat enjoyable but no longer memorable (this used to be my favorite restaurant when I lived in Philly... alas...it is not the same any more - what happened to the desserts?)   Only the Brussels sprouts saved the night.  
What pulled the rating really down was the drinks
We ordered sangria in a pitcher at $40 and it was filled with so much ice that there was very little red wine.  In the end the sangria was sooo diluted after the ice had melted... If I can make better sangria at home, what's the incentive to go back to Continental?
There are fine dining restaurants everywhere nowadays and good bars too...Great small plates.  Kid friendly ambiance and food.  We had the 
Lobster mac&cheese
Veal & ricotta meatballs
Thai chicken skewers
Thai rock shrimp tacos
All were excellent. The trio of desserts we ordered were great as well as the service.Probably one of my top 10 favorite restaurants. From the outside, the Continental Mid-town doesn't look like much - looks more like a diner actually than a regular restaurant. BUT, when you go inside, you are immediately transported back in time (I thought "oh wow this is Don Draper's apartment!") with the 60's decor, swinging chairs on the balcony, and sunken middle. I was only in a party of two but there were groups of various sizes that were coming and going and it didn't seen to be an issue. The drink menu was great (try the Tiki Mon!) and the way in which they serve the food (tapas-style) is so fun. There was nothing that we tried that we didn't like! I would definitely recommend the lobster mac and cheese, meatballs, tiki masala, and the cheese steak egg rolls. We liked this place so much we ate here twice during our trip!I would ideally give Continental 3 1/2 stars but anywhere with a rooftop automatically gets points. I was visiting from New York and I am a big fan of Philly since it is not as pretentious as a lot of the New York scene. I didn't eat here so I was only at the rooftop bar area. Continental was a mixed bag of dare I say d-bags, very young looking girls, and regular young professionals getting drinks on a Saturday night. The bartenders thought they were a little better than you but the drinks were solid. Not a fan of the music though - an off mix of 70's rock and house music.I came in Saturday night to grab some cocktails on the roof deck since it was such a gorgeous night. Though it was busy, the bartenders on the roof were really attentive and took the time to go over the drink menu and make recommendations. Stephanie recommended the twizzle and pomelo which were absolutely delicious. She also suggested food items, but we were just in for drinks. Next time I go, I will seek her out.I was back in Philly last week and visited the Continental 3 times.  They have great food, cool - hip atmosphere and a fantastic staff.  Best in all the required catagories.  Love the rooftop bar.  Send you friends, you'll be a star.I've eaten here many times and have never received a bad meal. They are timely with the food and the food is always very good. Definitely on par with the other Steven Starr restaurants. The continental salad is a must, as well as the shoestring fries and Thai chicken lettuce wraps. This is seriously the best place to go in philly if you want a cool ambiance with tasty food at a good price!I must say I have nothing but rave reviews for this bar/restaurant. The ambience is so well laid out and they have the best Nerds shaped chairs that are super comfy! The service is wonderful super accommodating and very personal. Now to the food and drinks - my husband wants to take the cheesesteak egg rolls home for a a forever supply and I loved the mushroom flatbread! The drinks were perfectly made and were so delicious. We need a duplicate in Maryland!Achieved heights I never knew possible in swinging chairs. Cheesecake was solid too. Best part is swinging. In chairs. It's like the park and fancy dinner had a child.Came here on my last night in philly, and no regrets. I tried a lot of popular items that were mentioned here on yelp. The lobster mac n cheese was SO GOOD. It's been 3 months since I was in philly and I still think about it! Seriously to die for.Was touring Philadelphia on a random road trip I took from DC. I'm originally from NY and never actually stopped in Philly for anything. I read the reviews and stopped here for dinner. Everything we ordered was amazing. Please try the cheesesteak egg rolls. AMAZING! Service was fine. I sat in the basket chair just because they were there, they were ok but if I ever went back I wouldn't sit in them.We arrived into Philly late and our hotel told us to head to the Continental Mid-town for a fun culinary experience without needing a reservation. We waited long enough to have one drink at the downstairs bar. If there aren't any seats head upstairs as there is a second bar that isn't as busy. 
It was definitely an experience! The drink menu is awesome and I highly recommend the Moscow Mule - ketel one, lime, and housemade ginger beer. I may have drank a few too many of these but I do not regret it one bit! 
For dinner I shared a variety of tapas inspired dishes including French Onion Soup Dumplings! If you like french onion soup you HAVE to get these! Honestly, you cannot go wrong with any of the tapas. My favorites included the Korean Pork Tacos and the Soy Glazed Pork Belly. Everyone seems to rave about the lobster mashed potatoes and they were good... but not good enough for me to rave about. I wish I tried the lobster mac and cheese because that looked delectable! 
Happy eating!Vegetarian review:
Went there for brunch at about 11:30AM on a Saturday looking for a table for 2. Were seated immediately! 
The waitress was so good, like a role model of a waitress. She answered questions, asked for suggestions, checked on us frequently & didn't rush us to leave.
I ordered the mixed berry waffle, & it came out pretty quick! I usually don't like fruit waffles cuz they're so syrupy and gross, but WHOA! AMAZING!!! Loveeeeddd the waffle, it was so fluffy and flavorful, the fruit was really really fresh and every bite was just heaven.
The manager or suprervisor also stoppped by in between just to ask if everything was good, which again proves the great service here. I'll definitely be back too to try the other vegetarian options too- like the Veggie Sandwich!Food was great! Had Kung pao ribs, chicken skewers and seared ahi tuna. All were very tasty and good. Only downside is that servings were really small for the price of what you pay.  After ordering one appetizer and 2 classic dishes, we were not full at all.My husband and I stopped in late on a Sunday since most other restaurants were already closed. We shared 3 dishes - the Philly cheesesteak egg roll, the lobster mac and cheese, and the flank steak. Everything was really delicious and reasonably priced, and the service was good. The steak was a hit and I'm not even a big steak person. The design of the restaurant is cool and the layout is conducive to small groups (5-10). We would definitely return! The only reason I didn't give it more stars is because we only tried 3 smaller plates and no drinks. I'll update after my 2nd visit ;-)Why does EVERYONE on Yelp seem to love the lobster mac & cheese???  It is really not as stellar as the hype would suggest.  Perhaps it was my expectation that it would be mind-numbingly delicious, but I was thoroughly underimpressed.  
Firstly, for the love of noodles, please tell me why one thinks that orzo would ever work in a mac & cheese dish.  It does nothing in the way of retaining cheese and frankly it has an odd texture, especially in combination with the lobster.  I am not one to salt my food left and right, but trust me, the lobster mac needed it.  There just wasn't enough flavor, a soupy sort of texture, and if you ask me - too many breadcrumbs.
I also sampled the shrimp quesadillas and Chilean sea bass, both of which were quite good.  The Chilean sea bass was really tender and came with a yummy miso sauce.  We also tried the Continental salad and edamame.  The salad was rather enormous and very tasty, and the edamame was edamame.
All in all, of course I would go back and of course I would recommend people try it for themsleves.  Let's be serious, it's a Steven Starr restaurant so you know the ambience and presentation make everything taste better.  But be forewarned: if you believe all of the hype like I did, you might end up expecting more than you'll  be getting.The draw of this place is mainly the cool decor/atmosphere. It feels very loungey, almost new-agey in certain corners.  Their strength in terms of food is quirky American or vaguely european small plates; the asian-ish offerings just do not do justice to the cuisine they attempt to imitate. Overall, the quality of the food is just ok, and there is a lot of variation in exactly how much food volume you get per dollar.
Medium-sized dishes (1 for a person with a small appetite): rad na, thai chicken lettuce wraps, poke bowl
Small dishes (about 2-3 per person with average appetite): Onion soup dumplings (only about 3 or 4 tiny dumplings), cheesesteak eggroll, veal and ricotta meatballsDespite our less-than-stellar Valentine's Day experience we came back to the mid-town location with 7 buddies Saturday at 7:30. Due to the fact that they do not take reservations, we were worried a bit that we wouldn't be seated. However we called ahead and they said they would do our best to seat us when we arrived. We only ended up waiting a few minutes. 
For drinks, the Capri Cooler in pouches and the Aviation cocktail seemed to be popular in our group. We decided tapas was the best route, everyone picked their top choices and passed them around. We ordered Cheeseteak egg rolls (and we finally received them!), chicken lettuce wraps, scallops, fried calamari and shrimp, lobster mac and cheese, jumbo lump crab pad Thai, BBQ chicken quesadilla, and the french onion soup dumplings. All plates were easily shared between the nine of us and we were all satisfied. The french onion soup dumplings were a favorite, but only after they cooled because THEY WERE HOT!
Service was very quick and attentive thanks to Randall our waiter. He really did a great job and seemed like he was genuinely enjoying himself. 
Several dessert flights were ordered and they were all very good.  The s'mores, liquid chocolate cake, and peanut butter/chocolate were table favorites. A 3-flight was perfect to share between two people. 
*Despite the fact our table was more the 6 people, gratuity was not added to our bill. Good thing we double checked rather than assume it was. Service was 5 star and we wanted our tip to reflect it!Cute atmosphere.  (I like the original Continental better though.)  The brunch menu varies with lots of goodness.  At first, I couldn't decide on what I wanted but I went a favorite of mine, the turkey club.  I had the Continental salad with it instead of fries since they don't serve the shoe string fries.  Oh my, the shoestring fries with the dipping mustard is to die for but you can only get them at the Market St. Continental.  Both restaurants serve LaColombe coffee, thanks Todd for conceiving such a wonderful cup of Joe!  The first time I ever had LaColombe was years ago at the original Continental and I have never turned back.  :)
http://lacolombe.com/Saturday Brunch/Lunch for some first timers was a real treat: delicious selection of wonderful plates ( pancakes, eggs, Asian salad, omelettes, ) great coffee and drinks. And to t it all off a selection of desserts. Wonderful service and crowd. Worth a wait if you come when it's busy.Obviously the kitsch factor of The Continental makes it better than it actually is. I also have a soft spot in my heart for anyone who served me alcohol before I was actually old enough to legally drink it. So here's to you, Mr. Starr and your fantastic mod themed diner. 
The calamari salad is by far my favorite. The calamari is always perfectly fried (although I think that most things that are fried are perfect) and the dressing is a yummy sesame dressing. It is so big that there is always enough for me to take home to have for lunch the next day (or a midnight snack, let's be honest). 
The spinach is so good with soy and garlic...the wasabi mashed potatoes are always a winner and the crab pad thai never makes me sad either. 
But most importantly, they sell Sofia in cans. Pink cans. With straws attached.
xoThe best part is the atmosphere, I've only been here at night so my review is base on that, very chilled, nice decor, and located in a decent part of town, great for dates and to hangout with friends. The food is also decent although the portions are kinda small and the price is kinda high for such small portion and average tasting food. The menus selection is rather limited to, at least at night. Over all a decent level place, great place for first dates for me, it has a bit of class yet not snobby and stuck up.LOVE this place.  It's such a fun place to have dinner and drinks with a group of friends!  It's low-key but cool.  Their calamari salad is great and if you're with a group, it's great to order a bunch of dishes and try a little bite of everything!  The dishes are pretty creative and overall pretty good, although every once in a while, I won't like something but not a big deal.  Also, prices are really great for both the food and the drinks and if you're with a group of people, that really helps!    The only thing that you may want to consider is the fact that they don't take reservations so sometimes the wait can be really long so if you're in a time crunch or will be starving by the time you get a table, this may not be for you.  But for me, I can always kill some time hanging by the bar and drinking a yummy cocktail before dinner starts.This 5-star rating is only based on my one experience there for lunch on a Sunday. I havent tried any cocktails or their rooftop lounge. Just a nice sunday brunch. Lunch. Whatever. Stephen Starr restaurant. So it's going to be pretty good. It's going to be a pretty unique atmosphere. I did like the quasi-retro feeling. Didn't sit in the swinging chairs, but I might have difficulty eating while my chair is swinging.
The tiramisu waffles is awesome. Get it. And don't just eat the waffle part. It all of it together the way it should be eaten. You won't regret it. Overall everything was very good. The poached eggs and smoked salmon was great, though I wish they gave more toast with that. The omelet was pretty on target. The pancakes are alright, but theyre pretty large. There was a good amount of food, but it's not super-cardiac-arrest-inducing heavy. So you dont need to worry about myocardial infarctions while eating. Seemed just right. I'll definitely be back to try the lobster mac and cheese and others. The total for the previously mentioned 4 dishes plus a couple coffees was $59.
Also, parking is terrrrrrrible. Street parking in Philly is always a nightmare. And the city's streets are very narrow and annoying. If you head a bit further and look north around JFK, you might find more parking. But otherwise, when you're within 5 blocks and you see a spot. You take that spot.This is a typical scene to be seen restaurant...of course it's a Starr restaurant, what else is there to expect?
Hostesses are inattentive and impersonal.  Wait staff I could say the same!!!  I've been here a total of two times and the food is never what I expect it to be...perhaps my expectations were a tad high.
Anyone notice that if you aren't flashing money around that you get the awful seats?  Anyway, I say this is dressy b/c ppl here are young and dumb enough to throw their money on mediocre food.
That being said, I think the dessert tapas here ROCK.  I love love love the monkey dessert - caramel and bananas in a wonton, fried, served with vanilla icecream, pecans, and a caramel drizzle.  Perfect size - just a few bites of something sweet to end the OK meal with.  Creme brulee didn't rock my world..too mushy and COLD!  
If you gotta come here, go for the lunch hour....Nice spot. Trendy with a nice selection of drinks.
I had a "Stop Hammer Thyme"....a bourbon concoction that was very tasty. I would def come back for refreshments.Had a great time here for dinner. I ordered the Korean fried chicken and the shrimp tacos and both were simply amazing. My husband had the Ramen and jerk chicken, both tasted really good. I don't trust everyone with jerk food, but they did a great job, the chicken was moist! We finished off the evening with dessert, which, though a little pricey, was just the right size. I would definitely come back again and try out some of the other menu items. I have had lunch here and it was just OK, but the dinner was fantastic.A nice place to meet and socialize with friends while "pre gaming" before a night out in Rittenhouse Square. If you're going to go only for the food, then this may not be your place. The place gets busy at times and the loud atmosphere might not be the best place to enjoy your meal.Before I complain, let me say a few nice things.
The tandoori chicken was wonderful, amazing, delicious, and  I say that as someone who usually doesn't like chicken.
The decor is fun - the lighting is really dramatic and beautiful.  I think the sunken area in the middle is a bit too kitschy, but that's just me.
All the other tapas we had there were, well, not bad, but nothing better than the sort of thing I typically cook at home.  And certainly not worth $10 each.
All in all, I might recommend this restaurant if the food cost a fifth or less of what it does, but there's no justifying this quality at this price.
As a side note, I ordered a Guinness, and it might be my fault for not looking closely enough at the beer menu, but what I got was a Guinness Draught, which looks like a Guinness but tastes like a mixture of mayonnaise and wet gravel.I took my sister here for her birthday as she is a big fan of Stephen Starr restaurants.  We went on a Sunday around 730pm, they said it was slow when we called ahead so there was no wait. We really wanted to sit in the basket chairs upstairs so we were excited to do that. 
We ordered the Tuna Tartare, French Onion Soup Dumplings, Brussel Sprouts and the Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos.  Both of our favorite was the tuna tartare, it came with sesame chips and dip that just worked perfectly with it.  I would honestly order everything we got again, but they have so much on the menu that I feel like I'd have to try something new!I think this place has had its hayday. The food was mediocre and the menu seemed very dated. The company I was with seemed to enjoy it so not a complete loss and I did have fun swinging in the chairs upstairs over drinks.This place is your typical Steven Starr joint. Tacky decor, tacky patrons, etc. However, I did enjoy the vegan food I was served and I liked that one of the martinis was served with a cigarette! Overall, it's over-priced for what it is.Went here for business lunch.  This place is gimmick and trying to be trendy.  Not worth it.Cool as ice. From the decor to the hip waitresses and waiters, everything is this place is a retro modernism take on alternative reality. My suggestion, take a seat on one of the stuffed, neon colored futuristic animals in the bar area.I think my first yelp over a year ago was the original Continental in Old City. We have passed the midtown location countless times and decided to give it a try today for lunch.  Nice hip dining spot with a big bar upstairs.  The waiter, Kevin, was helpful and provided recommendations.  Started out with bloody marys called Wake & Bake Marys. They were $10 a pop and pretty boring. Creative description on the menu and just ordinary.
We started with the french onion soup dumplings. These were served in an escargot tray. Creative dish. Very rich and tasty. The best dish of the day.
I had the breakfast combination. It had a short stack, turkey sausage, bacon, potatoes and I ordered with egg whites. Good dish. No complaints but no different than any diner.  Basic and tasted fine, just not anything special.
My daughter had the Big Daddy Mack. A play on the big mack with same ingredients but with a thin veggie burger. She liked it, especially the homemade bun and the very good french fries. With Passover, I did not try it. She liked it but much prefers the veggie burger at Honeys.
My wife had the Udon Soup.  It had dumplings in it with noodles and a chicken based broth. She liked it but would have preferred more noodles.
My daughter left with blue raspberry cotton candy. She liked this the best, and the best value at $3.
All told, a decent spot for lunch but much better choices in the Rittenhouse Square area.Great food and drinks! Love their brunch! Best coffee ever...  Tried the Udon soup yesterday... Now it's all I can think about!Absolute slop. I have never felt compelled to write a restaurant review until now - ordered the Rad Na and was greeted with a bowl of 90% disgusting lettuce, 8% wet noodles, and 2% poorly cooked chicken DROWNED in one of the foulest sauces I have ever had the misfortune of tasting. 
I wish I took a picture, but I was distracted by the thought of how physically burning 15 dollars would have been a far better use of the money. 
That being said, the service was fine. But whomever put Rad Na on the menu either needs to change the name to "Rad, NAH" or remove it entirely. 
2/10; would rather eat reheated McDonald's.I've been to Continental Mid-town a few times for dinner with friends who are visiting from out of town. It serves for a really cool atmosphere, be it romantic or fun with friends, and also caters to a variety of palettes with their internationally varied menu. If you're here on a date, ask to get seated on the second floor with the swing set chairs (literally you're each sitting on a swing--brilliant idea right), and even further back behind the bar on the second floor are toy horse-like seats fun for happy hour or an outing with friends. We came on this particular occasion because it was the only place in Philadelphia I could think of that  would seat my large family visiting me for graduation, AND served a different atmosphere/ menu. And to say the least, they loved it. We're a very traditional family, so because each dish is served as soon as it's made, it allowed us to enjoy eating family style, sharing one dish after another fresh from the kitchen, rather than each of us ordering our own. It was a great experience and I think it's safe to say everyone came out happy and full, not to mention all taste buds from all around the world were satisfied :)Still great after all these years. The Global eclectic cuisine has something for all tastes. Everything I've tried has been on point, fresh, and well executed.
Cool atmosphere(although interior is looking a bit worn out); quality food, great service and and staff will keep me coming back for more.I really wanted to like this place. The decor and idea of international tapas had me won. When I got there, there was a long wait so my friends and I sat at the bar for about 20 minutes. We ordered the hummus, szechuan fries, chicken satay, and quesadilla.We also got the lobster mac and cheese, which was definitely the highlight of the meal but a bit too rich for me and not enough lobster. Overall, I think my expectations were too high due to all of the positive reviews on Yelp. Probably just ordered the wrong thing. I want to give it another shot, trying other interesting items because I'm sure there's a reason behind all the good reviews! But my last visit was just... meh. 
The service was inattentive too, so two stars for Continental Midtown.The roof deck at Continental Mid-Town is the place to be for happy hour. With a roof deck and great specials, it's really a no brainer that it is a great spot. 
Any time the weather is warm, expect to find a packed roof. The seating is first come, first served so keep that in mind when planning a visit. 
On my last visit the Friday before Memorial Day, the crowd was no exception. My husband and I were lucky enough to get an outdoor table and the rest was history.
We ordered a round of drinks and an appetizer each, and had a great time. I went with my Continental staple, the Astronaut, and the BBQ chicken quesadilla. The BBQ sauce was tangy and not overwhelming. It blended nicely with the melted cheese. The drizzle of sour cream and the side of salsa were a good touch. The salsa consisted of fresh chopped tomato and corn, and was very light and refreshing. The quesadillas were tasty and a great size for $6. The drink was fab as always.
The service was a well oiled machine.  Prompt and accurate. Due to the crowd, we didn't get a real one on one experience with our server but we weren't there to chat. 
When the weather is nice, I always look forward to my trips to Continental's roof deck.This is one of my favorite happy hours in Philly! 
I especially love the roofdeck for happy hour, but if you're eating dinner here, it's worth the wait for the swinging chairs upstairs.
Happy hour -- definitely go for the champagne vodka drink. It's only $6, pretty strong, and they let you choose any flavor of vodka you want to add to it even though the menu says it only comes with grape. For food, I've tried the hummus plate, feta red pepper dip, edamame, and shoestring fries. All are great snacks, but my favorite is the hummus plate because it's the most tasty and filling and comes with pita and cucumbers for dipping. The mustard sauce that comes with the fries is also delish.
Dinner -- be careful on how many drinks you order, because it really gets expensive! I recommend the lobster mac and cheese. It was delicious and was enough food for two meals. It didn't taste to fishy, either. My friend had the crab pad thai, which she said was good, but it was definitely lacking in the crabmeat -- only a few flakes sprinkled on top.
PS -- the bathroom mirrors are 2 way mirrors. I don't know how many times I've seen guys and girls checking themselves out. Or more embarrassing, one time my friend and I saw a guy picking his nose in the mirror -- so disgusting! So if it's your first time there, just know that whatever you do looking into the mirror, the people on their way to the bathroom can see everything!Great place for dinner for a night out. Trendy and a nice vibe. 
They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait. We were lucky that we only had to wait 10 minutes for a table on a Friday at 7:30
My ahi tuna was expertly prepared and was absolutely delicious. My friend ordered lobster Mac and cheese, and that was good too.
Will definitely eat here again!I have been to Continental for all different reasons. Dinner, late-night rooftop, brunch, and lunch. This last outing was for brunch. There were 5 us, and we walked in with no wait during Sunday brunch time (which we all know in Philadelphia can be a dangerous time). I got soy-burger (the waitress raved about this)...which was probably a mistake because I love meat. But hey, gotta branch out right? I'd say get the real burger next time. Their brunch is nice because they have traditional breakfast items to choose from, or lunch sandwiches, and even their specialty fun dishes (e.g. lobster mac and cheese).
In general, all the times I have eaten here, it has been decent, but nothing is mind-blowing-awesome. The restaurant has a fun feel to it, but the food is average and  pricier than it should be.Cool place - interesting drinks and food options. I got breakfast here and loved my omelette. Funky decor. Good for groups of 2-6.Looking for a way out of the big chill, we ducked into this very busy Starr spot on a Saturday afternoon.  Judging from the crowd, we expected to be added to the wait list. Were we surprised when the hostess seated us right away. Minutes later our very cheerful server arrived with menus & helpful suggestions for ordering a Continental brunch. Coffee in hand, we went with the omelets. Good choices!
This joint is jumpin'--very crowded with young, old & every variation in between. The 60's ambience seemed a bit more jaded than I'd remembered, but not so for all the patrons enjoying their meals while seated in swinging chairs on the upper level. The music's loud, but that didn't seem to inhibit all the conversations going on around us. 
All in all a good go-to spot in Center City.I love everything about Continental. It's service is incredibly quick. There is almost always a wait, but they move so quickly that the wait has never been longer than ten minutes. You can eat/drink in the lounge upstairs while waiting, but it's a little weird.
I always get the Asian salad. I love big salads, and Continental is tied for my favorite salad at a dine in restaurant (the other being Superior Grill in New Orleans). People who I've eaten with have gotten sandwiches, cocktails, french fries, and french toast and have been equally impressed. The ambience is a fun-upscale, but the prices aren't bad. I've only been for lunch or dinner, but I would imagine that it would be fun for 9 PM drinks too.
BONUS: They have swings as an option to sit in! I've never sat in the swings (might make me sick), but people seem to LOVE them.Food was great, but it's the friendly service (thanks, Isaiah!) and atmosphere that take this restaurant to the five-star level. Will definitely return on our next trip to Philadelphia.To be honest, I have never had the food at Continental.  I enjoy going here for  drinks with friends.  It's a great spot to go to on nights where the weather is warm.  They have an amazing rooftop lounge which is perfect.  During the winter, heat lamps are brought out to keep the patrons warm.The continental downtown is just okay. Me and wifey went to Dine Out for Life and support stuff. Anywho, the place is a mix of swanky and 70s all in one. The two stars were: 1. the prices were insane for the tapa sized entrees. 2. the food was so meh. Wifey had the spare rib entree which came out solo...so she ordered their fries. I had the butternut squash ravioli which really resembled dumplings (i hate dumplings). Long story short, the fries never came and my old lady just ate a couple of McMini ribs for dinner. I will warn everyone that the bathrooms are extremely creepy. There are two way mirrors in the bathrooms soooo while you check yourself out in the mirror someone can see you doing so from the hallway .Food is good, but not worth going out of your way. Overpriced for sure. Interesting decor but too cheesey for my taste. I wished the waiter would have guided us better as to how many tapas plates to order for 5 people.I originally thought This was a dinner from the outside looks, but I was very impressed with the decor inside. This is a great spot to go on a nice weather and have a seat on the rooftop. The crowed is pretty nice as well and the food is good.Amazing  ! I love they're filet mignon, french fries (which are a foot high and extremely thin and crispy), cheesteak spring rolls, and pita bread and hummus. I come ALL the time. It is a cool and funky environment. The chairs are sooo cool. If you go, ask to be seated upstairs or on the top level. On the roof, there is outside seating and an indoor one for the winter. It's amazing!The cocktails are excellent! Perfect mimosas
For a Sunday brunch. Make sure to take the elevator up to the top deck, which is sure to be crowded any time of day or year!I came here for dinner with my husband last week when we were in town for a business trip. Immediately upon entering, our eyes were drawn upwards to the large, decorative light and the swinging basket seats on the second level. From the furniture to the outfits the waitresses were wearing, we felt like we were thrown back to the '70s and thought it was kinda cool! Definitely something you don't get to experience often.
We chose the restaurant based upon its proximity to our hotel and because of a recommendation from a coworker. That said, we had no idea what type of food was served. 
After looking over the menu and speaking with our waitress (who appeared to be in training), we ordered 3 items to share - Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos, Grilled Thai Chicken Skewers, and Chopped Mexican Salad. It took a while for our food to come out and since it's an open kitchen we only received one dish at a time, not to mention one of our orders got messed up. 
Despite the slower than expected service, the food was good. The shrimp tacos were tasty, but could have used a few more pieces of shrimp. The chicken skewers had a nice marinade. And the salad had chunks of avocado, corn, and jalapeños which gave it a nice kick. My husband was still hungry so he ordered the Beer Battered Shrimp & Calamari. Again, good but not out of this word.
All in all, it was a fun experience but for the price I'd recommend going somewhere else. It would be fun to go with a group after work or for a happy hour (they had a good looking drink menu!), but wasn't my favorite dinner experience.if you are from california forget about it. maybe, have a martini on the roof, maybe...or inside where you can enjoy the kitschy 1950s/jetsons decor and then get the hell out of there. and if you are female, don't even bother trying to eat this food. you will just feel like a big bloated pig after.  yeah i don't mince words. 
i'm giving it two stars only because i think there's probably a lot of boys who love this kind of food. especially those disgusting cheesesteak egg rolls.This review is for the rooftop bar, which has a cool retro vibe.  It reminded me of some bars I went to in Miami - I almost forgot that I was in Philadelphia.  They have an extensive cocktail list, which is  reasonably priced, at least compared to NY standards (around $13).  I had two cocktails, both grapefruit based: the spring forward and pomelo.  Both were good, but I liked the pomelo the most.  The only thing that kept this place from 5 stars was the service; it took us a while to get someone's attention to order a second drink.  I'd definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a fun but laid-back cocktail bar.Lunch food was decent, portions were small since I ordered from the "tapas" section:
- Steamed edamame
- Udon with chicken dumplings: a bit too salty ($9)
Their menu is diverse with burgers, vegetarian options, "tapas" which is poorly named IMO-- it really should be called "Small Bites." 
Service was decent, but there wasn't anything too special to come back for.Holy moly, the service last Sunday was out of this world!  My family and I are in from out of town and wanted to try something fun and eclectic.  We were taken care of by the lovely Olivia, whose fun and bright attitude set the tone of our dining experience.  I ordered the seared tuna with mushroom risotto, in sweet soy. It practically melted in my mouth! Next time we're in town,  I'm going to make it a point to stop by again!I love Continental. The atmosphere + food = great brunch.
Recently went there for Sunday brunch. Waitress was friendly and prompt. Gave us tiny watermelon icy drinks to "cleanse the palate". Ordered Eggs Benedict w/ salmon which was amazing! The salmon was light and perfectly flavored.
I was still finishing up the last morsel of food on my plate and was talking to my friend next to me when the waitress took my plate away! Would have been nice if she asked if I was done.Overpriced and not the best service, but a fun atmosphere and the food is always goodStopped in for a drink on a Friday around 8pm. It was surprisingly empty for a Friday night (although the bad weather may have kept some folks away). The ambiance and decor were unique -- especially the hanging chairs, which were really comfortable -- and the service was good.
Their beer selection was rather limited. No drafts, but they did have a few local craft bottles (e.g., Yards, Troegs) in the $7-8 range. The cocktail menu was larger and more interesting. My wife had the Twizzle martini (vodka, strawberry, and lemon; $11), which was delicious and pretty large (served in a cocktail shaker). 
All in all, it was a great atmosphere for a low-key date night, and I would gladly return.Very fun place to go for any occasion.  Decor is awesome and food and drinks are tasty and we'll priced.This place has absolutely incredible decor and I just love the concept behind the restaurant, but for me there aren't a lot of vegetarian options on the menu which is why it doesn't receive a higher star rating in my books. I've tried a flatbread and ravioli dish here, which were both average tasting. The shoestring fries were amazing and unique, however, and I'd definitely recommend getting a plate of this to share for the table!
There's nothing bad about the food quality, but there's nothing stellar either. With more options and cooler menu offerings, I feel like this place could be great-- especially with the amazing decor!I went for my birthday last week and was really excited to try it. For the most part everything was okay but I do think this is way over-hyped. We went upstairs for a drink while we were waiting for a table. It was a typical upscale bar staff: attractive twenty-something's who specialize in over pouring drinks. I was excited to see one of my favorite drinks, a Last Word, on the menu. It's a particularly delicate cocktail with a lot if ingredients that can be overpowering if not mixed correctly. The bartender was free pouring and over poured maraschino liqueur which made the drink taste overly medicinal.
A few sips in we were seated and looked over the menu. I noticed the service was slow and somewhat dispassionate. It didn't really fit with the price point of the restaurant. 
The food was all incredible-- this was really the highlight of the meal. Everything we had was amazing and in perfect shareable portions. At the end of the meal they brought out an extra dessert with a sparkler, which was nice but maybe they should have brought it out before we ordered dessert because we wouldn't have ordered so much. The server also mistakenly described the desserts as one bite. I would like to meet this person who's eating those things in one bite because they're at least four to five normal sized bites.Dinner was excellent.  Staff awesome.  Gluten free options available too.  Seating was VERY comfortable too.  I didn't want to leave!I don't think Continental is a bad place by any means.  It's just not my goto place in Philadelphia.
I have been here a few times and I feel like I've experienced the run of the place.  I've had dinner downstairs and I've hung out for drinks on the rooftop.  It does have a cool vibe but I think things here are overpriced for what they are offering.
I was here recently and while I did have an enjoyable time, I think I spent more than I would have liked to on the libations.  I agree with the CMCQ's review in that respect.
I think they do some cool things with food and this place can serve as a topic of conversation for people who don't live in Philadelphia but have visited.  Chances are, they have been here or it's on their "list of things to do in Philly"  Cheers for that.
The space itself is pretty awesome.  I won't turn down an invitation to come here but I don't think it's ever been my first choice.Too much flash.  Not enough substance.  That was the worst pad thai in a 20-mile radius!  You're lucky I was hungry.I love this place. Trying to be healthier but not completely depriving myself, I usually order the Chinese chicken salad (with dressing on the side, of course) and my friends and I would order the lobster mac & cheese and share that.  The mac&cheese is a must for me everytime I come. The "mac" part is actually orzo pasta which makes it a little unique. The top also has crunchy bits (which I think are bread crumbs) that just adds a whole other textural element to the dish. 
Regardless of what you order, get the mac&cheese and share with your group!! You won't  be disappointed.
Try to come early because the wait does get long!The ambiance was nice, the service was good, the food don't taste bad, but just alright. The titles of the dishes sounded a lot more appetizing than the actual dishes. 
We had the shoestring fries and they came as a huge mountain on top of a plate. Me and my friend couldn't finish the whole pile. But it wasn't very substantial either. The sauce on it was ok the the fries itself were barely fries. I highly doubt there was even potato in it. They were super thin and had the taste and texture equivalent of just taking extremely thin batter and a extremely thin nozzle and squeezing it over a fryer. They were as satisfying as the frybits you get that aren't big enough to give to a customer and has just the end crum of a fry.  
We also ordered the bbq quesadillas. The flavor was extremely lacking. It was dull, could hardly taste the bbq, and there was too much refried beans on it. However I could be bias because I don't really like refried beans. 
And we ordered the veal and ricotta meatballs. I was excited about these because I love veal and I love ricotta cheese. I found myself highly disappointed because it tasted like meatballs I could get from Wawa. Also the dish was supposed to come with garlic bread and I swear they just gave me toasted bread with olive oil drizzled on it. I felt personally offended by it. I know garlic bread and that was not garlic bread.
The last thing we got was a blonde bombshell. I've ordered this before at continental so I knew it would be good and it didn't disappoint. It's as great as always. A nice warm blondie with vanilla ice cream and a generous amount of whipped cream on top. It was a nice ending to the meal. They say their desserts come small so they offer a flight of 3 or 5 for $16 or $27 respectively. Personally I think the dessert is perfect for one but not enough to share. 
Overall I think the food at continental is overrated. I applaud their fusion approach at the food because the ideas are very refreshing my, however the delivery is underwhelming. The food isn't bad...Just not great. But I've been told I need to try the Asian fusion items to I am willing to go back again.My friend from Philly made a reservation here and I can see why with it's unique setting! I felt like I was in scene that was part 80s and part futuristic. There were three of us which was unfortunate because the swings looked like so much fun and are for a table of two however I was told that the seats are actually not that comfortable for long periods of time.
Here is what we ordered:
* Lobster mac and cheese
* French onion soup dumplings
* Philly cheesesteak egg rolls
* Pork tacos
* S'more dessert
The first three were rich and heavy but were tasty - the lobster in the mac and cheese seemed kind of stringy tho I kept eating it. The pork tacos and the dessert were really good too! I also had the Perfect Pear cocktail upon recommendation of our waitress and it did not disappoint - was very good!! Our waitress was awesome too. We stayed much longer after paying our bill and she did not kick us out. Overall a great and fun meal!