Fabulous bar! Day bartender was a riot. I forget her lovely name. Great beers and can't wait to have some food. Be back soonSuper cool bartenders and great place to grab a beer after going to jims. I ended up going a couple times on my vacationGreat bar. Food is amazing and not too expensive. Beer choice is phenomenal with something for everyone. 
Leaving one star because Lindsay turned off Freebird, and that's just unnaceptable.
Will consider updating this review if issued a formal applogy.
Edit:Lindsay begged me for forgiveness and bought me a special. All is well.Great place, great atmosphere, live music and gorgeous bartenders... What more do you want??Edwin = Best bartender ever! Upstairs at the Boyler Room is where I spend 100% of my Saturday nights. He brings this place to life. Best bar on South, great music, amazing service, I don't even bother going anywhere else anymore. Love it here.Had an hour to kill, didn't know that I would end up almost being late!  Wings on the menu are 8 bucks but happy hour special was 5. Good deal right?  Except on the menu you get 6 wings, the happy hour special was only 6, not cool. Also, wings were soggy and it took about a half hour to get them.Crappy decor, fantastic food and service! Grilled cheese rocks! Right in the heart of South Street so good either for pool and beers, or dinner as well. Lunch is offered, but you'd have to be local. Bartender was quite friendly.I've been coming to this bar since it was the Blarney and even more so when it was "combined" with Mako's -- even including the ballin' $.99/PBRs (originally) -- and I've just revisited recently.  
They have a very, very decent City Wide special -- $5 for a 12oz PBR + a shot of Jim, Jose, Jack, or Jager and then $6 for a 16oz PBR + a shot of Jameson or JD Honey.  Excellent special.  There is also a solid draught selection.
I haven't tried their food since they hired a new chef although I hear it's pretty fantastic for a "dive-y" Irish pub.  And actually, speaking of dive-y, they've done some pretty fantastic renovations in here.  The bathrooms have come up 100% and the dining room is nicer now too.  
The jukebox here is always going and it's always a diverse selection of music.
Lastly, Jolene came here with the Mako's crew years ago -- and I'm pretty sure she's the only one left.  In case you don't know her, Jolene is the fiery little pink-haired jawn behind the bar and she is fabulous, everything you'd want a bartender to be:  fun, friendly, and her main priority is your drinks.  
There is nothing extraordinary about this bar, but if you're in the area, Boyler Room is worth the visit.Was harassed by a large older man while quietly waiting for the bathroom. The situation made me really uncomfortable. When I approached the bartender about it she laughed it off saying it was just one of their regulars... There's a lot of bars on south street, I'd rather go to one that wants all of their patrons to have a good time, not just their drunk regulars.Not a fan.  There isn't much here that I would be able to differentiate from every other bar on South Street.  I went on a Saturday night.  The music stunk, several times fights appeared to be starting in the bar, it just wasn't worth it.
I would give it one start, but they actually have a better draught list than a lot of other bars on South.We stopped in here for a couple of beers, after visiting a place down the street for a philly cheesesteak. We were on foot and the place was a great place to visit. I did see they were serving food, which looked great.This bar is a simple gem in the rough when it comes to the beer list and simple delicious food. Definitely the local bar with friendly workers, customers, and owners!
They always have weekly food specials so I can't comment on what particular dish is good.. But I can say that if they ever have the fish tacos (which they do often) you MUST get them.
Also---- Come at lunch time and your second draft is free!!Bill was very nice. Food was great and reasonably priced. The cook hand delivered his dishes to our table. Bill turned the tv screen without us asking, very considerate of him. Great spot 2 floors.I used to frequent this place a lot when I lived in Queen village. It was my favorite place to get a City Wide! The new owner completely renovated the place so it's not as dive-y anymore and the new chef is just what this place needed! They serve up all your bar favorites such as burgers and wings! I highly recommend the crab fries with a draft of PBR! The renovation also must have come with a deep cleaning, because the beer tastes fresher in my opinion!
The He Man mural and strange stuffed alligator hanging from the ceiling are long gone, but no one really seems to mind. The upstairs bar is open on the weekends and features a pool table - happily surprised with what they've done with the place! 
I recently tried the Nachos! How do these only cost $8? Delicious and a huge serving!!We printed a groupon and stopped in.  For whatever reason we were the only people there (including staff; we were there for a few minutes before anyone came out, bartender included).
The food was delicious.  Best wings I have ever had.  My chicken caesar salad was perfect.  His burger and fries was really good.  You can include all the toppings on the list at no additional charge (and there are quite a few options).
I did like the decor of the place.  I would give it another chance but if the service is always like this then we wouldn't come back.
4 stars instead of 5 because: Service all around was slow.  From sitting down to getting our food.While they claim the "Best Burger" on South Street, I'll have to say.... no. Opted for the Mac n Cheese burger, not a choice given for rare-well, the meat patty, which was clearly frozen at some point, was dry and very well done. The Mac N Cheese on top was dried out as well. No special sauce or tomato to pull it together, not even an addl cheese sauce. Very disappointed. 
The bar tender, seemed to speak like he was the cook told me that the Beer I asked for, a Troëgs brew, was the worst brewery ever an denied me ordering it when it was clearly in the cooler. I settled for a Lager. I won't be back If that douchebag is behind the bar, I feel he'd be better suited to Mop the floors or clean the bathrooms, which looked nice BTW. Your burger reign has apparently ended, time for a real cook in the kitchen.It's ok. Stop in occasionally. Cheap drinks. Thought it would be more like Makos. It is not.We came in on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch and had previously bought a Groupon. The waiter/ bartender was awesome-very polite and attentive. We didn't have to wait for anything. We ordered garlic parm wings and they were good, however, I think you guys should create more of a sauce instead of using minced garlic. It's a bit much. We also ordered burgers that were good. Not the best we've had in the city but good. Overall, for being a Tuesday it was pretty busy in there and we had a great experience. They even had a foosball table. That's pretty awesome. Check it out- We'd come back!I almost passed on the Boyler Room, but am so glad I did not. They have a beautiful old wooden bar with intricate detail. The bartender was knowledgeable and made sure I found just the right beer on tap. He was dressed to impress: dress shirt, khakis, and a tie. He was happy to help the group next to me when they needed a charge for their phone. I passed on the food specials: $1 hot dogs and tacos, but only because I'd just eaten. Their selection of liquor was impressive, but I came to Philly for some great beer that's not available out West. 
The Boyler Room has 21 beers on tap. Their selection was mostly craft beers from across the country, 10 being East Coast beers. I had the Rivertowne Hala Kahiki (pineapple beer) and the Victory Summer Love (blonde ale).  They do samples so I knew both beers we're going to be perfect for me before committing to a full pint. Providing  excellent service is obviously a key part of the business model here!I hadn't been to this place since it was the Blarney Stone.  What a pleasant surprise!  The menu is great - everything we ordered was fresh tasting and delicious - and the drinks were great too.  The owner and staff were friendly as well.  I wish I lived closer!Love this place right next to the TLA and has plenty of craft beers and Coors Light on tap! Friendly bartenders and great place to wait for kids at a concert right next door!!Decent food, good drink specials. We came to watch a game and ended up hanging around for a bit after because the atmosphere is so relaxed. No complaints!Awful service! The very unfriendly bartender (a blonde female) was more interested in talking to her friends at the end of the bar and eating/drinking/checking her phone than waiting on customers. We will not return!!If there were more stars to give, I would. Friendliest staff we have felt with in a long time. Super casual laid back atmosphere. More beers than I can even think to name. We had the Philly cheese steak and it was INCREDIBLE! We have had many throughout here and this was by far the best! If your looking for a mom tourist trap place to relax have a beer and eat some great food, this place is for you.This place has come a long way from the dusty decor. It is a great bar with awesome specials and the grilled cheese rules hands down. Jolene is a great bartender who's been there since day one. Come here any night of the week and you will have a good time. South street goodness always something to look at talk to an take shots with. Well worth the stop in. The atmosphere is great. A south street cheers even.Great selection of draft beers. We didn't eat, but the menu sure did look appetizing. I would go back again and again because of the beer selection and most of all the atmosphere and customer service. Also we weren't elbow to elbow an there wasn't any wait for a drink. We also had the pleasure of meeting the owner and his wife who were both extremely nice people.weird spot ! bartender was super friendly and talkative. the crowd in here was very mixed. grabbed a burger which was nothing to write home about but no complaints ! okay beer selection. good for grabbing a round or two before going outCharged us the same amount as it costs for an entire cheap bottle of bourbon for 2 "on the rocks" glasses which apparently means more than the cost of one shot. Thanks for the heads up, I didn't know I had to pay $3 for ice cubes. More expensive than New York City prices and worse service. Never again.The Boyler Room has very quickly became my favorite bar on South Street. Awesome bartenders, food, and beer selection. I love that it has a solid selection of craft beer while also carrying affordable city wide specials and pbr pounders which gives a non pretentious vibe that a lot of craft beer bars have and cater to. On 3rd Fridays there are great house and techno events upstairs, no cover.Since I've always heard my friends talking about this place and had never been there; I decided to snatch up the great deal they had running on Groupon and check the place out. 
Upon entering, the bartender, Edwin, was super friendly and engaging. I ordered the Shrimp gnocchi with cherry tomato and asparagus and they were nice enough to custom order my friends gnocchi to be made with chicken instead of the shrimp. The food was amazing. However, for the price of the pasta, the portion was a bit on the smaller side. 
Definitely would recommend the place and will be stoping back the next time I'm in that area!My beer tasted strange, either it was lacking in flavor, watered down or like the glass was not rinsed out well enough and still had remnants of detergent on it.  We order sandwiches and everyone of us disliked ours.  The bread was hard like a rock, like it was stale.  Also, it took them 40 plus minutes to bring us 4 sandwiches when there were barely a dozen customers in there.  Wondered why it took so long, not sure, perhaps they were toasting the bread in the oven to help taste better since it was so stale. Who knows, plenty of other places to dine around in the neighborhood, next time we will be at Twisted Tail, or Vetri or one of these places.  This was so not worth the calories, shame.After we destroyed our cheesesteaks @ Jim's on South, we ventured to this awesome bar that had a local musician playing outside and taking requests...I believe her name was Mallory. Once inside we grabbed a seat at the bar somewhere near the middle and as soon as we sat down a woman ran inside and flashed her breast...pretty cool huh. She seemed to be pretty popular in this bar and knows most of the staff. She walked over next to me and did it again..pretty cool huh LOL. She was a very nice woman as I had an awesome conversation with her for a bit. They are open till 2am here which was right up our alley as we were not ready to go to the room on our first nite in Philly. They have pretty good beer here, by the way!
Definitely was the place to be on an awesome thursday nite!Since Makos closed a few years ago I'd yet to find my pre-TLA concert spot for drinks.  With $6 city wides this place fits the bill.  Large 21 count draft beer list, cozy but enough Tvs at each standing angle to view.Cool little spot with an outrageous special!  $5 for a PBR and a shot of call liquor.  They were giving away 76ers tickets for the nights game as well.  I dig it.Great place to procrastinate building ikea furniture meow. Friendly service and nice draft list of y'know, beer. The $1 tacos were worth every cent. Solid 4 star joint meow with a foosball table for the almighty 5th star.Great place to grab a drink.  A little divey, the bartenders don't take crap from people, I like it.  Throw some darts, play a little foosball.  Enjoy the atmosphere, nice place to drink and chill.Great, affordable "dive" bar. They have a great happy hour but I think the times vary by day. It's a great place to go for a quick bite to eat and a drink.Very friendly bartender, drinks and food came quickly. Our burgers were cooked just as we wanted. The fried pickles are awesome. If you like fried pickles order them. You get a pretty decent serving. The fries that came with my burger seemed undercooked or something. I wasn't a fan of them. It's a decent place to sit and have some drinks and bar food.Amazing food. Amazing drinks too! Jolene is super attentive as well as he owner of the building. He is so open to feed back. The environment is perfect with its framed representations of Philly.I walked in here for the second time last night. There are two floors inside this bar. The drinks and food are all at decent prices for south street. The employees there are nice and get to you fast. The first time we went there we stayed on the first floor.
We decided to venture upstairs where the music is a bit more uplifting. Theirs a pool table on the second floor and its smaller as well. The gentlemen behind the bar didn't have the apple cider so bad to go back downstairs to get it, no big deal. I guess they only have a certain selection of beer on the second floor.
The woman on the first floor was nice and patient when deciding what I wanted to drink. They had a shot a beer special so I opted for that and it worked out fine. My second beer I decided to have a blue moon, which came in an actual blue moon mug! It's more of the bar scene and nobody was really dancing
If your looking for a dance/bar go elsewhere. It's a cool place and don't have any complaints. We were watching these guys play pool and just relaxed for the most part which was fine for us. The crowd is mainly 20s and early 30s. They even lot some woman's dog inside, which was cool. 
I will come back here again in the near future. I don't mind the crowd and music. The beer is a good price and want to try to food as well so I can write about that in my updated review.The beer selection is the only thing that makes this place palatable, a few good craft beers among your old stand-by taps.. The staff spent more time on the other side of the bar socializing than serving.. The food was slow and unimpressive, I got the roast pork sandwich that just looked like an opened pack of Hillshire Farms tossed on a griddle with some melted cheese served in a Maiers hoagie roll and tossed on a plate..We really weren't into most of the bars on South Street, too crowded and gimmicky. This place was really cool though. Some really cool, random movie memorabilia and stuff like that scattered around. They were also projecting an old school horror movie on the wall behind the bar, neat touch. The bartender was really nice too, very friendly and informative. Definitely coming back to this place for some drinks next time we're in Philly.This is a stretch to three stars, but the Boyler Room was luckily aided by a Groupon and a great pitcher deal.  The location is excellent for wanderers on South St, and they have a large selection of draughts.  The problems are the space being very narrow, it's incredibly loud, they're understaffed, and the food is barely passable.  
The burger and hot dogs during the Phillies game were ok, but don't think for a second that you can actually get the burger cooked to order:  unlimited toppings and a nice char saved it.  I would recommend staying far away from the fries.  If you're looking for quick pub food, a loud sports bar, and so-so service, then grab a Groupon and head to the Boyler Room.Stop by and see Kerry, she's awesome! My friend and I were in town for one night and just happened to stumble upon this place. Great atmosphere, awesome beers and reggae on the jukebox. Check it out if you are in the neighborhood, won't be sorry!We stopped in for $3 beers on Silly Saturday and had an unexpectedly pleasant experience. Friendly service, good selection, and yummy nibbles (omg the pickles!!!) make this self-described 'dive bar' a place I'd be likely to frequent if I were a local. 
As another reviewer noted - this place is a diamond in the rough!  If your dogs are barkin' after a few hours of shopping, stop in and have a drink or two. 
- a Philly girl who moved to Seattle 
Ps- The place is spotless both in the bar and the restrooms.  If I could give an extra star for that, I would.The Boyler Room is my favorite place on South street.  The new head chef has completely transformed the menu and I have yet to try something I didn't love.  The atmosphere is great - comfortable and fun. The bartenders are all awesome and beautiful! Bill Boyler, the owner, has done an outstanding job renovating the bar.We walked into the Boyler Room looking for a burger on Monday afternoon. I've been to this place before and it's very chill...the bartender Ed is great he's very sociable guy. Very down to earth. It's a good place to chill and talk with people. Not bad for south st. at all. He played good music for us even, which was nice Bc before the bar was playing top 40s pop. Food was pretty good we got wings, crab fries and a burger with some beer. I wish they would clean the bathroom and keep them stocked with TP and soap though.Came in with a few friends the other afternoon. First off, the draft selection is great and continuously rotates (I've been here about 5 times). Also, the food was great. I had the soup and the veggie grilled cheese. We happened to be here when the owner was working and you can really tell he puts a lot of effort into maintaining the place. If you're ever on south street stop by,  great food great drinks and reasonably priced.What great find! While walking on South Street we came across the Boyler Room for lunch today. This was our first visit and we will return! The bartender was enthusiastic and a very pleasant guy. I decided to try the grapefruit beer and he told me about how to make it a little more unique - add the watermelon and a little ice! I would've never thought that to be a good beer.  I was delightfully surprised. The chef was equally as great! His special was meatball sliders stuffed with ham n cheese stuffed peppers!  Outstanding. The fried chicken was equally as good. Don't miss this little treasure! They have a lot going on every night!Loved this place! The crab fries are awesome! Definitely a creative twist! The fries alone were some of the best I've ever had, but topping them with Old Bay Seasoning and lots of REAL lump crab meat was something I had never had before! So good, that after we finished the first order, we ordered a second!My cousin and my husband were down for taking an impromptu drive to Philadelphia for whatever reason, and my cousin, who'd been here before, was excited to show us this spot. For a Saturday night it was pretty low-key! As a New Yorker, I'm used to high-energy bars. I wasn't in a party-drinking sort of mood so I stuck to a couple of Sex on the Beaches, tasty and safe. What really stuck with me though, was the food.
A. They have crab fries. Didn't even know this was a thing until my cousin pointed it out on the menu. Crispy fries scattered with crab meat and Old Bay seasoning. And not imitation crab either (my tongue knows the difference). Delicious!
B. I also got the Fried Shrimp. It was $10, but this wasn't your Popeyes cheap fast food bottom-of-the-barrel low-grade popcorn shrimp. These shrimp were MASSIVE, breaded, and well seasoned. I needed help finishing it. 
Props are always in order when a bar does good, QUALITY food right. The chef and bartenders were friendly, down-to-earth, and approachable. There was also a foosball table that my cousin and I failed miserably at. So thumbs up to The Boyler Room.If you're on South Street, a decent spot for a beer, nothing special, but a decent selection.  Not as many bars as I had remembered.joelene is so bright a full of life you have to get at least one drink great for march madnessIt might be a theme on South Street, but the restaurant area was downstairs and a bar upstairs. We went up and put in some quarters to play pool-- it was nice that there was only one other group of people there, because oftentimes you couldn't play pool in a bar if you wanted due to how crowded it can get.
There was only a 'limited bar' stocked upstairs, so the bartender had to go downstairs to get a few things we all wanted. They were running a PBR can and Jim or Jack shot for $5 special, which sounds like a really good deal, if you're in to that thing. We ordered some different shots and cocktails... this place really has a dive-y feel to it, and the drink prices reflected that.
The music was sort of low-key and not dance-able, so I'm sort of feeling meh about the whole thing.Great bar on South Street with excellent happy hour specials! Can't beat a $6 shot + PBR combo. Our super pretty alternative bartender didn't hesitate to kick out some underage kids that wandered in during our stay. They go above and beyond with festive Halloween décor behind the counter, too! Wish they weren't cash-only, but I'd still be a regular if I lived in Philly.