So happy I finally got a chance to have a quick dinner date with my husband. The location was off of Main Street in the heart of the Yunk which is known to be the night life of the local college kids. Parking is tight. We wanted an early dinner and got seated right away in the outdoor dining area. There were big screens if you are watching a game. Loved the lamb burger and drinks! Definitely plan to return.Such a cute neighborhood place. I came here during Covid for a bridal shower out in the back patio and it was fantastic! The staff was super helpful and the food was delicious! I got a crab cake and I'm still dreaming out it, I wish it was on their normal menu!
I came here on a Wednesday night with my boyfriend to find out its $7 burger night! You need to follow their Instagram to see the daily specials but such a nice touch. We got the cheesesteak and chicken fingers, chicken fingers were really good and Panko breaded so they were extra crunchy. The cheesesteak was also good the bread is super tasty, only downfall was there was actually to much cheese and I am a cheese lover! The fries are perfectly seasoned and delicious. Also, they give you wine in real wine glasses!! Not only is this hard to find during Covid but the wine glasses were super nice it made me want to drink more!
I will definitely be following them on Instagram to see their daily specials and come back to try their other menu items!!U should not come here. The waitress was nice but she tried to kick us out after 1 hour and the food was so bad and all of the workers were talking shit on us when we leftGreat atmosphere tucked away off Main Street. Nice outdoor dining area and always good service. Expensive, but good drinks !I went out to dinner it was a little busy and didn't mind waiting, but it took 40 minutes from when we sat down to get appetizers. So then 20 minutes later we get our entrees which the sandwich part was delicious I was highly disappointed by the French fries. They were the softest excuse for fries ever, like barely attempting to make them suitable, no salt, no crunch, or crispiness to them at all. We literally couldn't eat them, as seen In the pics. I assume they were understaffed or just giving lousy service that night because we were only seen like three times about drinks and order. I hope you see this review and improve your service experience and revamp how you make your fires because it really ruined the whole experience.This place is fantastic! The atmosphere is stunning! Pretty crowded (most likely because it just opened), regardless of the crowds the food was excellent. Highly recommend the mussels. I'm excited for them to open the outside area when I it gets warmer. I'll be coming here to watch Philly sporting events! 
Bravo ladsWe ordered takeout, and the food was extremely good!! Service was excellent and we definitely plan to come back when businesses start to open up again. There's a cute back patio perfect for summer nights, and the atmosphere was great.I've ordered take out a few times from The Rook. Overall I've had a good experience. The photo below is from my order tonight, a simple Cobb salad. But the avocado was bad, which was disappointing.So good we went back again today ..might be habit forming 
Fathers day lunch, been craving that Cheesesteak since Friday, but started off with the goat cheese fritters .... No such thing as disappointment, then I got my cheese steak, 
Cholesterol now through the roof Im a happy human 
Oh we also got the chicken fingers (excellent) though i prefer a sweeter honey mustard than the honey Dijon they come with , they were excellent, my oldest got the Honey Habanero chicken sandwich and for once finished an entire meal 
My youngest had the french onion soup as well... all good 
and you cant beat the service there, the wait staff is upbeat and friendly 
Lets see how long I last this time before I cave againWent for brunch. Am only nervous for one thing about this place...when more people hear of it!!  It is so well appointed and surprisingly parking wasn't an issue (just before noon on Sunday). Bartender was top notch. The wait staff is super friendly and accommodating.  Had eggs and bacon with home fires- delish. Mimosas- amazing. Overall a great place to go and hang. Checked out the outside space that wasn't open due to weather but...ahhh. Can't wait for that to happen. Will definitely be back!If you are a POC and are visiting/from Philly and have thought about eating here, "DON'T". This establishment was very shady and presented racism so blatantly. We stood by the door for 15 minutes and was never seated nor greeted. I called a head of time to reserve a table so it would be no issues but still there was an issue. Go to Ryan's Pub right around the corner, it's easier to find parking, their Catfish fingers were amazing and the hostess was lovely.Great atmosphere and cool vibe.  Have had brunch and lunch here and food was very good and reasonable.  Staff is friendly.  Great selection of creative cocktails, beer and wine. Looking forward to the patio opening.  Megan has created something special, a true hidden gemService is atrocious. We waited over 2 hours for food. Multiple tables got their food served that sat significantly after us, including our friends who arrived an hour after us. Completely unacceptable. Honestly the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. I'm still waiting for my food right now.
*Edit: we never received our foodNOT COVID SAFE!! 
the food is actually good, fair prices but NO MASKS! You are stuffed in a tent two feet from the next person. which might be appealing to some. No masks, servers do not come to your table, and the food took close to an hour and was served in a takeout container (as I said, pretty good though) disappointing because this place had potential. Server named Danielle couldn't care less if we wanted another drink and forgot our orders. Every table was overserved, girls peeing straight on the floor in the bathroom, one fell to the ground and the server picked her up and handed her a beer?! I guess they're appealing to the messy college crowdChecked out this place this past Saturday for pickup & it didn't disappoint. Ordered the honey habanero wings & the chicken fajita salad. Everything was delicious & I can't wait to get back into the bar once the quarantine is lifted. The bars recent renovations transformed this place into a really upscale bar can't wait to get there on a nice day to utilize the patio.Excited about the potential of this place.  Food and drinks all a fair price, nothing was overly expensive.  Cool bar with good views of the TVs.  Awesome outdoor area.  Add a good bbq wing and I'll rate it 6 starswent this past weekend. let me just say the waitress May 2 Sunday morning to afternoon was so thoughtful. we never fussed (we were just vibing with our friends after knowing everyone got vaccinated ) and she knew we were waiting for a while to order/kitchen to open so she told the staff to put our orders in first and she was very accommodating overall. food was also delicious! salad was also super fresh & I enjoyed their coffee (not anything crazy; just a good average cup for a sunday brunch)I had my husbands surprise 60th Birthday party at The Rook.  All our guests were impressed with the venue, the drinks and beer selections! Meghan and all the staff were accommodating, friendly and helpful. A good time was had by all. Would recommend and return for dinner!We came here on a Wednesday and the bartenders were awesome and we said we would make this a regular spot for us. So I brought 10+ friends here for Saturday before Halloween and when we got here they told us there was a private party. Totally fine- wish it said this on their social media, but fine. They told us to come back around 11 and we could come in. We came back with 10 people who were all clients of mine... and then we're rejected again by the rudest bartender women I have ever met. She was so rude. I am sorry but people who are willing to spend money at your bar, atleast be somewhat diplomatic. We were told to leave again - I wanted to have my corporate holiday party here as well as have multiple happy hours for a large corporation but can't imagine that now given how rude the bartenders were and how badly we were treated. It was ridiculous. The dark hair bartender was insanely rude and not ok.Looks great inside - will be a great happy hour and summer spot when things get back to normal. Solid bar food and food drinks.We got the cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak was delicious but very hard to score.   It comes on a Sarcone's seeded roll.  This is probably the best Sarcone's roll I ever had.  The meat is fabulous.  It had a very good amount of cheese and it was melted through everything.  The fried onions and mushrooms were heavenly.  However it was small.  The end of the Cheesesteak we ate did not have a lot of meat.  Did we pick the wrong half the cheesesteak? If it needed more meat then it would have needed more cheese.  Very hard to score. $13 and it came with very good french fries.  We paid the extra $1.50 for the long hots.  They were not very hot.  $13 could be considered cheap for a nice place like the Rook Manayunk and very good ingredients.I came for the first time for taco night! The tacos were amazing and came with a free margarita. It was my first time having a passion fruit margarita and the bartender Chris was great. Highly recommend! The server Kerianne was so attentive and was able to answer all of our questionsDecent service, limited menu due to COVID but options were okay. Of course there's only outdoor seating at this time. My suggestion, don't take the kids if they are squeamish around bugs. Total buzz kill!Friends and I visited the Rook this past Sunday. The restaurant, bar and staff were all very delightful. The Rook is well spacious, modernized, inviting and intimate. This restaurant/bar is a definite gem of a gem to be found and a must go for either a couple seeing a cozy night out or a group of friends who just want to hang. Parking was easy to find and Septa train rides right by. Not hard to miss or get to  at all.This place has a great atmosphere right on the corner with plenty of nice outdoor seating. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich  and fries. Service was a tad slow, but it was pretty busy around lunch time. Food tasted great, the fries are cooked incredibly crispy and seasoned well. Would love to come back and try some of the other sandwiches (or even the brunch items).Thank you for a wonderful Easter dinner. We had turkey with brussel sprouts, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes and gravy, along with a salad and cannolis. The portions were generous and pick up was easy. We will be back.I visited the Rook on Saturday evening with some friends.  We had dinner and drinks in the outside eating area.  We had some drinks (delicious!!!) and ordered some appetizers (fries, brussel sprouts, and chips and guacamole.) We also ordered a few filet tip sandwiches and shared them.  The food was delicious and the service was superb!!!   Also, the group of people at the Rook was a great crowd and very friendly.  I will definitely be coming back again.Nice place with good food and drink options. Very small so getting a table is the only difficult thing on a weekend (especially if raining since the back patio is not covered). I had the Brussels sprouts and spicy chicken sandwich - both were great and they give you large portions.Been hearing about the Rook from friends for a little while now, so after stopping in at the Manayunk Brew pub and being told "we have a party so were only seating outside" (in 95 degree weather) , we decided to head over to the Rook to see what they hype was about . 
Parking can be tough its located on Cresson Street near East street the place is a decent size, but has ample seating and is done up really nice, (place is gorgeous actually) theres also outside seating, but unlike the MBP the rooks outside area is shaded 
The place was dead empty at 1pm, by 1:15 people were streaming in, so Im not sure if ther was an event nearby or what 
First thing I always notice, was that the place was impeccably clean, I mean you could eat off the floors, that to me is the MOST important factor if you are running a food establishment. 
It has open air seating inside, huge windows, with large ceiling fans that keep the place pretty cool, even in the heat. 
The menu: is limited, you have cheesesteaks, burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, and a variety of starters 
I"ll admit that at first i wasnt really feeling the menu, had a hankering for some knife and fork kinda food, but I decided on the cheesesteak (comes with fries and a pickle) my companion ordered the honey habanero chicken sandwich (also with fries) 
Now looking at the size of my fat ass self you can tell ive had a cheesesteak or 2 in my time .... am I an authority?, perhaps, in my own mind, but ive downed my share of the philly favorites over 48 years 
I will say this right now , and I dont care WHO it pisses off! 
This place has THE BEST DAMN CHEESESTEAK I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE !
And Im not kidding , ill put it against Johns, Jims, Steves, D'alessandros, Tony's , you name it this thing was off the charts.  
What makes it so good ?... I don't know, but the cooper sharp cheese and the outstanding roll this was on was PERFECT, and I don't use that word often (if at all) It wasn't one of those huge slop steaks, It wasn't over complicated, and it damn sure wasn't small, it was just perfect, it was screaming hot.   
I could stop there but the other sandwich was outstanding as well, the chicken was moist, the sauce was spicy and sweet with more cooper sharp cheese melted over it 
It came with shoestring fries, that were singing they were so hot and crispy , the meal was OUTSTANDING 
Even better the prices arent bad at all either 
If youre ever in Manayunk I STRONGLY recommend you stop at the Rook, this place checks all the boxes 
-Clean
-Great atmosphere
-Great service
-Great food 
-Great prices,  
Jesus I could eat another one right nowThere is a lack of management and structure. Showed my COVID card and ID on the way in Saturday 10/30 through the front door. Got to the bar and they said there was a private event and couldn't serve our group of 9. We were willing to pay cash and setup a separate tab even though the bouncer checker our ID on the way in. The bartenders were rude and arrogant about the situation. I was planning on bringing my office here for happy hours, holiday party, but this place will never get a dollar from me again. I know it's hard to hire good people during COVID, but the ladies behind the bar were rude and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I don't ever leave reviews, but they didn't handle the situation properly.We just returned from The Rook tonight 
as it was our first visit !
It did not disappoint!
We had friends from Massachusetts with 
us and our daughters.
They loved the Philly cheesesteaks as
we we did as well!
Sarcone bread was a perfect accompaniment to the perfectly prepared scrumptious beef and chicken 
steak.!
The long hots were a hit with us and 
our out of town guests!
My favorite were the Brussels sprouts !
A little sweet and roasted to perfection!
Staff was very attentive and just a perfect 
night at The Rook!
Happy to meet the kitchen manager
at the end of the night who was lovely 
and engaging !
Looking forward to coming back real 
soon!Brand new spot in Manayunk and did not disappoint! Service (we had Esther as our waitrEss) was awesome and gave us great recommendations on what to order. Will definitely be back once they have their grand opening and permanent menu.It is a work in progress here on opening weekend but I'm excited by the potential.
If you judge purely on appearances and knew the old bar, it's a easy five star. They really cleaned the place up. More than that, they modernized it as well. No more bar in the center. Exposed brick. Clean and clear lighting.
As for the food, it's fairly price but the portions seem small. It's a place you probably need to order two items per person.
Service is hard to judge. They were packed on my visits and seemed a bit understaffed. However, it is opening weekend and I'm confident they will work out the bugs.The renovations are beautiful and I was excited when I heard it opened but c'mon...It's 2021 and there is not one single vegetarian sandwich option? Hope they add one someday so I can actually have dinner there. Until then it's no bueno.My fiancé and I have ordered take out twice so far during quarantine. The first time we got the Dante inferno wings. These guys were SPICY! As leftovers the spice level cooled down and were still delicious. I had the hot Nashville sandwich and my fiancé had the cheesesteak, both were great but the fries were salted and fried perfectly. He said the cheesesteak was the best he's had in a awhile! Second time, we loved the way they grilled the wings so much we ordered them again but got the hot flavor. I got the fried chicken sandwich and he got the chicken cheesesteak and they were so good and every time we had leftovers that heated up perfectly in the oven. We will definitely dine here once the world opens back up. Keep doing what you're doing!The food and drinks here are consistently good. I can't wait for the inside to open again. This is a good place to watch a game or get brunch outside. We can always come here with a stroller/toddler and everyone is very accommodating. I'd recommend the philly wooders, nachos, and cheesesteaks!I am so thrilled for this new addition to the neighborhood! Great atmosphere, food, and service! I'm looking forward to the nicer weather, so that I can enjoy the back patio.Place looks great from what it used to be before the Rook. Food has stepped up a lot now that the new menu came out and is now very good. The only thing about this place is the service. I live around the corner so I could go to the place frequently but every time I go the service is just terrible. Wait staff will visit table and not come back for 45 minutes. Drinks take a very long time to get to the table and the food typically takes a bit too. But make sure you order every single thing you want with your food or youll have to wait 45 minutes for a side of ketchup or a new drink.Unfortunately we were on a timeline so I'm sure they could've heated things up, but both our sandwich and French fries were cold (not room temp, cold). And we waited for 30 minutes for our food when there was only one other small table in the restaurant. Other than the temperature issue, the food was okay.Let me say this establishment has a beautiful outdoor dining area that is great use during these times.  I finally got to try here after seeing it on FYI Philly and social media.
Service was a bit delayed on taking our drink order after getting seated probably because it was swamped at happy hour on a Friday.
I will say this place is garnishing a one star review because of the quality of the food.  After much anticipation this place falls a bit flat.  Ordered the pulled pork nachos and the filet tips sandwich.  
The nachos were simply tortilla chips with cheese and some pulled pork on top.  That was it...nothing else.  We had to ask the server about the sour cream, jalapeños and pico de gallo that was stated on the menu that was supposed to come with it.   Our server was very attentive brought the rest of the fixings out and apologized saying they are new in the kitchen.  In regards to the filet tip sandwich it wasn't good at all.  First of all it wasn't filet, it was low quality sirloin.  It wasn't sliced thin and wasn't tender at all.  It was chewy and had no flavor and the sauce was overloaded with peppercorns.  An actual filet tip sandwich is more like the one served at Manayunk Tavern which is tender meat with a proper marinade.
I would definitely like to go back and try to revise my review because all the picture I've seen look like great sandwiches on long seeded liscio rolls but what I had was severely disappointing.We have come here about 3-4 times. The spot that used to here was a real dumpster fire. The owners that bought the place turned it into something GORGEOUS! The drinks are made well and priced very fairly. The food is DELICIOUS -- elevated bar food, again priced very fair. The staff is always so friendly and you can tell they enjoy working here. We cannot wait for their outdoor space to open. Looking forward to enjoying so nice Summer nights out there. During all of this Covid-19 -- The Rook is still offering their delicious food for take-out. We ordered some last night and they did not disappoint! We cannot wait until it is back to "business as usual" so we can continue to enjoy this beautiful spot that is so needed in the neighborhood.We just moved back to the area and are so glad we found The Rook. We went for dinner and drinks. COVID safety was 10/10. Great atmosphere, good music, nice service, and sports on tv. Pulled pork sandwich and habanero chicken sandwiches Honey Habanero Chicken SandwichPulled Pork Sandwichwere outstanding! We will be back for brunch and happy hour soon!Visited The Rook for dinner on a Saturday night. There were no reservations available inside but we were able to snag a table outside which I didn't mind because the music inside was really loud. The interior is really nice and has a cool vibe. It definitely seems to cater to the college crowd as the majority of patrons looked to be in their early to mid twenties. 
I ordered the Chicken Cheesesteak sandwich with potato fries and it was delicious! It had the perfect cheese to chicken ratio. The best part about all of their sandwiches, is that it comes on a fresh seeded roll. I read some other reviews saying the portions are small but I disagree...I was full after eating half of it!
Our waiter was Billy and he was fantastic! He was very friendly and attentive. We were the only people sitting outside so I worried that we would get forgotten about but that wasn't the case. Billy checked up on us just the right amount of times. 
COVID: They have paper menus and serve the food on plastic plates. Even the condiments come in plastic containers. That was a nice touch because I haven't found another restaurant in Manayunk that does that. My only complaint is that when I went to the bathroom, the bartender was wearing his mask under his nose.
The Rook has definitely become one of my favorite spots in Manayunk and I can't wait to go back.This place is absolutely fantastic. Great food, great drink selection and fair prices. The atmosphere is nice and the staff is friendly as are the owners who routinely talk to customers and thank them for their patronage. Highly recommend this bar to anyone looking to check out smaller spots in Manayunk off the beaten path of Main Street. Make sure you ask for Chris behind the bar...he'll take care of ya!Not sure how long this place has been around but its quickly become one of my favorite spots in the area. They have a nice indoor and outdoor set up and are constantly running specials, so make sure to check out their Instagram for the latest. 
Food:
First off, the sandwiches here are amazing and you can't go wrong. If its served on a hoagie roll... prepare to taste one of the best rolls around. I don't know how they do it but their rolls from Sarcone's are insanely fresh all the time...
Honey Habanero Chicken Sandwich - 5/5 stars - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. The chicken's breading was nice and crunchy on the outside and the meat was juicy. They're tossed in a sweet and subtly spicy sauce that isn't overly powerful either way. The bacon is cooked nicely (not undercooked or stringy like you get as some places) and the pickles add sweet and sour mix to the sandwich. The cooper sharp cheese was melted throughout the sandwich and added a really nice creaminess that rounded everything out.
Chicken Cheesesteak - 4.5/5 stars - Wow... once again the cooper sharp is just melted all the way through and its served on that perfect Sarcone's roll. It has the perfect amount and mix of chicken and cheese. The ONLY thing that I would say is that it could use just a bit more seasoning - but overall it was one of the best chicken cheesesteaks I've ever had. I put some hot sauce on this and it was divine.
Chicken Tenders - 4/5 stars - These were thick chicken tenders that were juicy. They're panko breaded, so its a thin crust but it is super crisp and crunchy. Usually I like more batter but these were great. The real star was the honey mustard sauce which was amazing. If they sold the sauce by itself I'd probably buy some to take home.
Pulled Pork Sandwich - 4.5/5 stars - A huge mound of pork that was juicy and  cooked in a sauce that was tangy and slightly sweet. Served on a typical round roll that is light, fluffy and does a great job at absorbing all the juices and sauce without falling apart.  The coleslaw is made of crunchy red cabbage which really adds some next texture - wish there was just a bit more of it!
Spicy Chicken Parm Sandwich - 3.5/5 stars - For me, this was the least exiting of the bunch but still good! Same chicken cutlet as the Honey Habanero and Sarcone's roll, but served with provolone cheese and a spicy marinara sauce. The provolone isn't sharp and was actually quite creamy. The sauce had a nice spice to it which was a nice change up - the sandwich could have used a bit more sauce in general as it was a bit on the dry side.Unbelievable renovation! Great selections, cool vibe, friendly and helpful staff. Walked around outback where there's outdoor seating,
Overhead lights, seats at the bar, heat lamps, and a fire pit. Can't wait to come back in summer! I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was tasty. I went with four stars because the place is new and had some few kitchen things to iron out. Overall I had a good experience and look forward to seeing the place thrive!My 4 friends and I went to the soft opening last night and we fell in love!! Great atmosphere, food, and  lighting. 
VERY excited to utilize out outdoor space during nice weather.  
Very happy with the new addition to manayunk. We will be returning very soon.Don't be fooled by the new face lift and inviting ambience (which is quite nice).  To start, the service was poor.  Waited over 30 minutes for our food.  Missing place setting for my wife was finally brought to her after the meals arrived.  For some reason they brought out the chicken wings with our main courses (no blue cheese or celery).  Had to ask for ketchup blue cheese & celery several times before it was finally brought to us.  Then the food was sub par.  I ordered the Rook burger which sounded good on the menu but tasted like a frozen burger with little to no taste / zest or juicy condiments.  Was so disappointed that I told the waitress (which I rarely do). All in all this doesn't feel like a cornerstone / neighborhood spot.  Its lacking the character / authenticity that we crave for a good local place.  Only time will tell, but we won't be returning until they step up and make the necessary adjustmentsWe went as a group of 7 on a Thursday. Our server was really nice but it was obvious she was the only one serving and she had all of the tables and it was really busy. 
The food was ok but there was way too much pepper on everything. The burger could have been good if it wasn't so massive that it was impossible to eat (like I love a big burger but you literally couldn't eat it). 
Everyone I was with struggled with thier food but I would try it again.Excellent bar. Mood and décor are fun. Off the Main Street onto the 'hood, so that's good. It's loud, but this isn't a quiet date spot. 
Burgers are excellent. The Brussel Sprouts are bonkers!!!
I can't wait to try the wings again... they're marinated, par baked and then deep fried for service. Very different and delicious too. 
The back patio has so much damn character. Check it out. 
Great beer list, too.Came here for an eagles game, mainly. Big huge outside area with tons of tv's which was great for a sunny summer day. Service was on point! Drinks and food were great. No complaints and looking forward to going back!This place keeps getting better and better! Came here pre covid and the food was good but just went this past weekend and it is even better!  The wings are awesome, burgers are really good and the drinks are really good!
This is an elevated Manayunk spot so be prepared to pay a bit more for drinks, but it is totally warranted!  Cannot wait for indoor dining to return because the inside is super cute.  In the meantime, they have their adorable patio open with heaters and plenty of TV's.  Bundle up and check it out!Cheesesteak slaps. Vibes are awesome. Feel like theyve got different fries from when they first opened, not a fan of the small cut new fries. But everything else is A1. Longhot wiz? Awesome. Best spot in the neighborhood for food imo. above average priced beers make it not a hangout and watch game spotAfter finding the Rook a few weeks ago, we were so excited to come back for Halloween weekend. I dm'd them on Instagram on the Friday before to see if they had anything special going on on Saturday night and no response.
We showed up on Saturday around 8:30 and were told there was a private party until 11. We went to the back but you had to be seated to be served as opposed to standing at the bar. Not the vibe we were going for. No problem, we headed down the street and enjoyed our time at Castle Roxx. 11 rolled around and we eagerly headed back to the Rook. Not only were we refused service, but it felt like a witch-hunt. I've never felt more unwelcome in a bar. 10 of us were ready to spend our money, not trying to blend in with the party and the bartenders couldn't have been more rude. We were so excited to make this bar our new neighborhood bar, but we will never return.