Great neighborhood pub. Friendly staff, good beer selection, tasty food.The black taxi one of my favorite places in the neighborhood. I agree with some of the older reviews, the food when they first opened left something to be desired.  However in recent months they have stepped up their game.  During happy hour they have a snack menu, bring on the black bean nachos, they are tasty!  You also cannot go wrong with the fish and chips. The portion is huge! The staff is super friendly, especially Aiden who always has a friendly smile to greet you when you step in the door.  Overall a great addition to the neighborhood.Arrrrgh.  I want to like this place, but after today I won't be going back.  The draft beer selection has never been great.  They have plenty enough taps, but they use most of them up with middling basic beers.  But the straw that broke the camel's back was their interpretation of Welsh Rarebit, which I ordered today.  They took a standard long roll, cut it in three, then melted some tasteless Kraft-esque cheese over the cut ends and called it done.   Wish I was kidding.  There's too many decent bars in Philly to bother with this one again.Great service, reasonably-priced menu, nice atmosphere. Definitely one of the better options in the Fairmount area.The food is by and large ok but not what you'd expect. Best thing so far is the burger. They have a good selection of British beers on tap, and always have strongbow on tap which is a plus.This spot was cool but it got loud quick. It was a Saturday night but the acoustics aren't friendly in there. Beer selection was okay, pricey, and the bartenders weren't terribly attentive. Maybe it was me, but I think there are some way better choices in this areaThis place is awesome! The food is really good, the atmosphere is perfect, and the service is great! Will definitely be back!Great atmosphere! Nice addition to Francesville (Fairmount is on the other side of Fairmount Ave). The fried chicken is out of this world! Burgers are delicious too. Terrific beer selection.I went here last night and just enjoyed everything about it. The three bartenders I interacted with were really nice! The drink I got was delicious. The noise level wasn't too back. There was a level of Irish authenticity here that I have never seen in this city. Even though I didn't get any food, I smelled/saw it and it looked good!!! 
I will definitely go back!Great atmosphere. We sat in the front of the bar and the bartenders were super attentive. Aiden (bartender) remembered my drink from my previous visit on opening night and had a cold beer ready for me. I love burgers so that's what I tried. It was delicious! Perfect size to go along with the crispy fries that my daughter and I loved! My husband loved the juke box. Great new place, just what the neighborhood needed!We had such great expectations for the reopening of a restaurant/bar at this location, but when we finally visited it; our great expectations were severely dashed.  Let me explain.  We had a friend visiting, who hankered for a neighborhood bar and we enthusiastically said let's check out this latest addition to the neighborhood.  We entered TBT to find a busy bar, but we were quickly seated and our waitress brought over some menus.  Drinks came rather quickly, but the food took forever for two of us and one never received her entrée.  We were told the kitchen was busy (What???)  Not our problem.  The food that arrived was greasy (FF were soggy & greasy & the Reuben seemed to have been laying in oil) and when we finally (after an incredibly long wait) cancelled the third entrée - was there any concern, any effort to make it right, an apology for the lousy service, or any attempt to convey their concern for the subpar service these patrons received???  - Nope - not a word or any "consideration" as our bill was left and our waitress left the establishment - I guess her shift was over - or she quit!  So, as regulars in the neighborhood we have NO PLANS of returning to TBT and we will tell anyone who asks - to skip this place.  There are plenty of quality bars and eateries in Fairmount/Art Museum area, but this isn't one worthy of your time.  Oh, it got the one star for the beer - their saving grace!Great neighborhood pub! We went for a few beers and were happy with the selection, atmosphere and staff. We ordered a pizza and it did the trick. We will definitely be back!I've been coming here almost weekly on Wednesday nights after our bocce league (the bar is our main sponsor). It's a nice place, the service is good, the food is decent (I usually get a chicken quesadilla which is very tasty although a little greasy), the beer is excellent, and Quizo is fun. (Winning Quizo team gets a $50 gift certificate.)Spectacular Irish bar located in the heart of the Fairmount neighborhood. The fact that over 50% of the people in the bar are actually from Ireland, I think sums up this place's credibility and authenticity. Fish and chips are the best I've had outside the U.K.!Authentic Irish menu complimented by a great draft and wine list. The table had the crab cake, Shepard's pie, Rueban and kielbasa. Everyone loved their meals! Adult and kid friendly dining room. Good service. Great new addition to Fairmount!I really like the atmosphere for a bar - the food was good but not great.  The shepherd's pie was a little too 'lamb-y' for my taste.  My husband had a burger - again, good but not great. The wait staff was awesome so I would go back for drinks but look elsewhere to eat.No business can seem to stay afloat in this space. Lemon Hill, the Aspen, etc. and it usually comes down to the food. Black taxi seems no different. 
Food is sub par, glad to see some people reviewing the burgers well - but we sampled a few things on the menu and all were mediocre. 
Frank, one of the owners, came by and chatted for thirty minutes. Nice guy. Extremely attentive and cares about putting out a product that's going to be good. Advise is to spruce up their menu. It's too basic and bland of pub food to make people come up to the place to eat. Especially people who live in other parts of the city. 
Definitely want this place to succeed, but the food has got to improve and the bourbon list needs to be added to. Right now it's mostly just a local bar, which is cool, but if it's going to stay afloat the bar is going to have to find a way to cater to more yuppies and hipsters who are looking for a great burger for $14 not a mediocre burger for $10. Can't cater to everyone and I'm sure frank wants to appeal to the hyper local crowd, but so did the previous establishment, and the ones before that. 
We have enough bland Irish pubs in Philly. Hoping black taxi can find a way to differentiate itself. Food seems to be the best way  
Will definitely come back to support it, but hoping frank visits some other great bars around the city for some ideas on how to execute a great experience w/ excellent food, betters beers and bourbon, and cater to a wider audience.After visiting the Philadelphia Art Museum on a HOT July day, we decided to get a little AC, grab a beer, and a bite to eat. Black Taxi is conveniently close so we decided to try it, and a so glad we did! Met the owners who were super nice, and had an AWESOME cheesesteak and ICE COLD Yuengling. Highly recommended this place! Check it out!Great local pub. Had the chix wings, large and tasty. Friendly staff and guests. Will be back.We stopped into this place walking back to our hotel.  I would give it 6 stars if I could.  The food and service were phenomenal.   Highly recommend the eggs Benedict with Irish bacon for a Saturday morning.   If I didn't have to catch a flight I would have spent all day here.Came on a Wednesday for quizzo (quizo), and loved the atmosphere. Good prices on beer even without specials, and the food all looked and tasted awesome. Fresh fries were super salty and hand cut, and the bangers and mash were simple but flavorful and creamy. Waitress handled the crowd with ease and split the check even amongst a big group, and also handled outside tables as well. Will be back for the quizzo host and to try the late menu again!Absolute Go To spot in Fairmount.  Great beer selection (and they pour the Guinness cold!) the food is really good and every time I'm there the service is spot on.  Regardless of the fact it's steps from my house - I think it's one of the best in the neighborhood.Fantastic atmosphere, a truly great neighborhood pub. Quizzo night is a blast as is Friday music. Food is good, and consistent. Nothing outstanding, but satisfying. The reason to go here is for a great place off the beaten path and a perfect Guinness. The barkeeps are exceptional!Wait staff was nice, it was clean and not too loud. 
Ordered the shepherds pie, it was 90% (maybe more) mashed potatoes. They started cleaning the stove before we left and something was going on because everyone at our table started coughing.Enjoyed Irish coffee and wings (extra spicy) with fresh cut fries (did send back for a second fry)...Aiden is top-notch, atmosphere is great for a place to relax, have a beer, and chat. Bring back local vibes! Get to know your neighbors! Support an up and coming place that is working to be a staple in the neighborhood. 
Note: order a classic Irish coffee and don't scoff at the classic serving glass, okay?The Black Taxi has to be on the Mount Rushmore of Fairmount bars. The service is alway great, whether it's your first or five hundredth time there they make you feel welcome. 
The food is standard bar fare with an expectedly Irish twist. Haven't tried any of the Irish food yet but I've always been happy with my food choices. The wings and chicken fingers are both on the money. 
The craft beer selection is pretty standard, but if you're there the best pour is without question a cold Guinness. They had one of the best in town and it's definitely not to be missed.Have yet to eat a meal here, but have been a few times for beers and had a blast. Got to talk with one of the owners for a while and he was really nice. They are a great local bar to meet with friends, have a beer, and watch a game. Hopefully they'll be showing BPL games in the mornings!Just like in the profile picture, these guys make great wings. It's also a pretty solid bar. And who doesn't like a good bar?Great spot with a very hospitable bartender. They have some beers I'd never heard of and the recommendations bythe bartender were solid - I also enjoyed a wonderful Mule. Family and I came in from out of town and really enjoyed the ambiance and drinks, we did not order food, but it was a nice place to sit down for a leisurely drink.Service was great.
What wasn't was the food... And to watch it being prepared through the kitchen door. No gloves, a messy apron that he used to wipe his hands on, and his drink... In a bar glass sitting on his station. 
Just gross.We went back for dinner, and it was FANTASTIC. The staff are awesome, and the food is delicious! Also, they play GREAT MUSIC.What a fabulous spot in the neighborhood! Food is always delish!! The BEST fries!!!! Service is always great. We love this place & recommend it all the time to friends & when family comes to visit, we always stop in! Good happy hour specials too ;)We only had drinks, but the food passing by our table and the menu options look awesome. The service was attentive and the atmosphere was relaxed. The music was BRILLIANT!Theo food is actually really good despite being a bar! I went there yesterday for a quick pint and was tempted into their nachos. They were sufficiently big (which is saying something; too often I order food and it's not more than 2 bites), were properly layered and tasted delicious. They even had vegetarian chili which made the whole thing so much better. I rarely come across a better plate of nachos. I wanted to try their buffalo cauliflower but unfortunately didn't have enough time.
Great historic bar, good selection of beer and cider. Would definitely come by again.A great spot to meet for happy hour, dinner or just a couple of beers. Impressive addition to the neighborhood. Staff is friendly, efficient and welcoming. Down to earth atmosphere indoors or outside. The single person pizza is plenty to share, mac and crab is tasty.
Would add another star if fresh limes used in the Moscow Mules. (-:Just accidentally stopped in for brunch- what a great decision! We couldn't believe how great a deal it is and everything was delicious. I got blueberry pancakes and eggs that were poached perfectly, and my partner got the Irish breakfast which he described as "super filling and perfectly authentic." The service was awesome and friendly, and the place does quizzo and football game specials too! We will definitely be back here.As is in a classic pub in ireland, inhibitions will be lost in the cold drinks and lively atmosphere provided by the bartenders and local crowd.  You're pallete will be kept wet with avid consistency and attentiveness.  And while bartender Dennis can pour a mean shot or whiskey rocks, don't ask him for a Manhattan - this is Ireland people.  (Someone else will make the Manhattan)Went on a Saturday night and it was busy but not too crazy. The fried sprouts were really good but my burger came out well when I ordered medium-rare. Still tasted decent though. They also had a good draft selection. It was a little rowdy inside at the bar area, but we sat outside on a nice night so it wasn't too bad. The service was relatively slow but it could have been because there were more tables inside.Came here for dinner tonight with a friend because we were in the area and saw that it had 4 stars. Not really sure where those 4 stars came from. We started with a salad that we asked for with dressing on the side (it wasn't). Salad was also missing the croutons it was supposed to come with. Otherwise the salad was pretty tasty but nothing special. My friend ordered a hamburger while I ordered the buffalo style chicken sandwich. Hamburger was supposed to be well done...it was very pink on the inside. 
I thought my chicken sandwich might taste good with some ranch, so I figured I'd ask for it when our waitress came back to check on us...she didn't. I ended up just going to the bar and asking her for it. The buffalo sauce was good and the fries were great. This place is really lacking in service though. Never got a refill on my water and our waitress seemed to do anything else to ignore us. 
I'd come for the bar but not for a meal.The highlight of this spot is their beer selection. They always have a great variety and some obscure options that you're not afraid to try. Their wraps and fries are SUPER tasty, and there are some tasty veg options (girlfriend is vegan). Their outdoor seating is a great option and the service has always been great.One of my favorite bars in the neighborhood, amazing bartender. Great atmosphere and the fries are to die for!Just what the neighborhood needed!! Great pub food and plenty of beers on tap. They have this big beautiful bar. Ive been twice now and the food does not disappoint. My fiancée got the cheesesteak and loved it. Their fries are awesome!!! So are the wings. The spot is really nice and I've always loved the interior since going to lemon hill. The staff and bartenders are super friendly. Hope black taxi sticks around! I'll be back for sure!Great local Irish pub.. it is exactly what the neighborhood needed. Not only is the staff awesome and friendly, the food is amazing.Awesome Quizzo. Terrible fish and chips. I'll have to come back to try the beer.
The servers moved at a glacial pace and that was not even until they came to take your order.  Don't wait to get thirsty before asking for water, or you might get dehydrated. 
One suggestion would be to keep an eye on the server station. Your food might actually just be sitting there and you can expedite the experience by picking it up yourself! #protipThe bartenders need to learn how to make proper cocktails. I asked for an old fashioned and instead they made a sloppy Manhattan. I saw the bartender make the drink using no jigger or proper tools. Also invest in some more bourbons and rye's it's a beautiful place and a great atmosphere. Taking it up a notch with some really great well crafted cocktails would be amazing! Let me know when you do this, I'll come right back in a hurry!
I did not have any of the food.Perhaps it's not always the most fair to rate a new establishment on their food during their first week of opening, but... I'd feel like I was deceiving myself to give it any higher than 3 stars based on tonight's experience. We came for dinner because my friend was super excited about this place opening just about two blocks from his place, but I have to admit that he was slightly let down by the food several times over the course of the night. 
Well, let's start by saying that the decor is excellent, with a large bar at the front and tables in the back, all surrounded by exposed red brick walls. Beers choices on tap were great, and the service was friendly and attentive. 
The main trouble came with the food. Despite their simple menu with the classic pub items (burgers, wings, fries, etc.), each of the items came out a little off. Among the four of us, we ordered some wings and fries to share as appetizers; wings were just meh but the fries were uniquely tasty with a perfectly soft/crisp combined texture (best part of the night food-wise). However, given that the fries were advertised as being "loaded", it didn't have much of anything on them (a bit of cheese here and there). 
For the main course, my friend wanted the meatloaf but apparently they were out of that for the evening, and then I was contemplating on getting the pulled pork sandwich, but that was also unavailable too (making the small menu even smaller). Then, even though three of us ordered medium rare burgers, two of them were cooked through and through at a well-done range. Mine was also exceedingly salty, even though the others' weren't (confirmed by conducting taste comparisons). My other friend who ordered the Shepherd's Pie definitely wound up with the least palatable dish though, being unfortunately watery and bland with far too much of mashed potatoes in ratio to everything else. I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt though... perhaps food quality shall improve over time since they just opened up.
And to end on a positive note, a huge final PLUS that actually wins a lot of points in my book was that the bathrooms were impeccably clean and refreshingly large. They are the individual type bathrooms (one for the gents and one for the ladies), and I think it says a lot for a new restaurant/pub to spiffy up the loo. Hope that after giving some time for their menu to improve, it'll get some good business in the neighborhood!Great little neighborhood bar, everything was pretty much on par with expectations.  They had a few great beers on tap.  We had the shepherds pie and bbq chicken pizza, both were very good. Definitely check this place out if you live in the area.Disappointing.  Food was very fast, unlike other's experiences. But it wasn't great. It wasn't bad. Just not remarkable. And considering the basic nature of the menu selections it seems appropriate to ask for some refinement  
The server was clueless, but it was her second night (had to ask for a draft list and desserts!). I chalk that up to bad training. 
But what galled me was that I had a whiskey "on the rocks" and received an extra $3.50 charge for this, even listed on the itemized check. When I asked about this, was told it was "full pour" ... As far as I know, "on the rocks" means with ice. I have never heard of charging extra for that. Never. 
Unfortunately that is also when I will return.Bartender was great ! Beers were huge for reasonable price. Outside and inside sitting. I just didn't try the food yet which is why i didn't give it full stars. But I'll edit it when i do eat thereStumbled across this place while on a weekend girls trip to Philly. It's what you would expect from a typical bar, there's nothing that's going to take you by surprise about the decor or anything like that. We ordered shareable plates of hummus with pita and deviled eggs that were topped with a bit of salmon. The deviled eggs were good, but when we asked for more pita for the hummus, the waiter said that we'd have to wait a while cause they had to make more. From tasting the pita, it couldn't have been more than just your average store bought pita toasted a little bit so that was odd. Also the service wasn't great. The waiter seemed kind of out of it.Saw some poor reviews for this place with the caveat that it was the first week of this newest bar to try its luck at 25th and Aspen. So I waited months and went on a Wednesday in the middle of the day for lunch. I had seen it pretty crowded so I figured they must be doing something right but on this day my girlfriend and I were the only patrons. 
The bartender was nice, provided fine service (although we didn't have any competition in there) but the food was just as bad as the poor reviews I read indicated. 
We split the fried brussel sprout appetizer and both got sick an hour later. The chicken sandwich was dry and were it not for the cheap honey mustard, wouldn't have had any flavor. She had the cod sandwich and wasn't impressed either. 
This may be a decent bar to drink or maybe even have wings during an Eagles game (tough to screw up wings), but I would not recommend eating here.THEY POUR PROPER GUINNESS. A friend and I were visiting Philly and stopped for a bite at happy hour. She adores Guinness and demands it be served the proper Irish Way. Our bartender (older guy, never got his name) agreed with her, that you've got to respect the beer. If you're a mixed-drink fan like myself, maybe go someplace else. The Black Taxi is all beer all Irishday. Food was great, too, especially the Irish Stew. Well worth a stop for a traditional Irish pub experience.Happy to have a neighborhood bar/pub again. First night of new menu a little tricky.
Ran out of burgers? But great staff, friendly and ok drinks. Don't need more fru fru restaurants. Just down home place to hang out. Reasonable prices. Give it a chance.
Corned beef sandwich was fine.Had lunch at this lively Fairmount neighborhood Irish Pub. Great food & Excellent service.Found this on a walk down boathouse row. Authentic Irish breakfast. No soda or brown bread though. Guinness pour was good. Family friendly.Popped in to this little gem prior to our visit to the Art Museum - what a pleasant surprise!  The fish and chips were to die for!  Fresh cut chips sprinkled with a wee bit of Old Bay, and a healthy portion of fish lightly battered, fried crispy and extremely moist and flaky on the inside!! 
To quote a fellow "Yelper", "The Guinness pour is the best in the City" and it's the best we've experienced - next to Ireland, of course!! ;)
The proprietor was a jolly fellow that spent a few minutes indulging us in conversation regarding the Old Country.
This place is a hit!  They keep it simple and oh do they do it well!! We'll definitely be back!!My fiancé and I stopped in for our first visit. Excellent food, atmosphere and very kind staff! Literally the best french fries in the city! Looking forward to our next visit!Had takeout - late on a Monday nite. We got their Brussels Sprouts- they are a meal - not a side dish and oh so delicious!  Certainly not good for you but hits the spot when you're starving. We also got the cheesesteak with provolone and caramelized onions - generously sized and very tasty! Fries came with the cheesesteak and they were also unusually good for take out! 
This is a small bar with great take out food!Super great, local bar. Really nice and accommodating when you have a specific TV show you're looking to watch. They'll even turn on subtitles for you. Serve that up with one of their beers on tap and a side of brussel sprouts with the saucy sauce and yay!Great neighborhood bar & restaurant; the menu and beer list are diverse without being too big, and the food is consistently delicious.   Add to that a beautiful atmosphere and friendly service, and there you have it: a solid 5-stars.Decent neighborhood bar, plenty of TVs and delicious wings. Can get super crowded especially during games.Very quaint local Irish Pub.  
Food was great with large portions.
This was our first time visiting and a Friday night; unknowingly there was a band to play also.  
Extremely loud, very difficult to hold conversations.   A few elder man, with a few too many; made it uncomfortable at times while eating our dinner. 
And be sure to be okay with others crowding eating areas to stand, dance, talk loudly, and bump into you while eating without regard or being apologetic.Wow the food here is really good. I loved the chicken curry and chips (fries). They've got 15 beers on tap that range from $4-$7. Really chill, air conditioned restaurant/neighborhood bar. Close to Eastern State Penitentiary.The food was great! We had the sausage rolls, fish & chips, and the Ruben. It was all hot, fresh, and tasty!Great Guinness pour & friendly bartenders.Good neighborhood spot, just what that part of Fairmount needs! Good beer selection and decent burger.
I will say it was VERY loud inside, between games being played on the TV, live music and the crowd, when I left my ears were ringing! Will go back on a non-Friday night.The ultimate neighborhood bar. Great beer list and good cocktails. Atmosphere gets 5 stars. Unfortunately the food only gets 3. But definitely stop by here for a drink before heading out to dinner somewhere else in Fairmount.Nice local bar with decent food and a neighborhood crowd. Usually not too crowded so a good place to go with a large group and sit in the back room. They usually have a variety of beers on tap and are often times showing the games on one of the many TV's they have there.What's better than a good beer, great Irish food Eagles fans watching the game for lunch with my family? Nothing!!Came here for Happy Hour for the first time and it was great! Service is a little slow, since there's like one server. But I didn't mind it since the drinks and good company kept me occupied. I had the Brussels Sprouts and BBQ wings. Both were just about average in taste. The wings were a little too fried which makes them dry, and nobody likes dry wings. :/ I do love the ambience and vibe of this place and will surly be coming back! :)Great to have a neighborhood place humming again. Good bar food and excellent selection of beer on tap.Food is really good. All the Irish dishes taste like home and a great pint of Guinness. Neil and Donal sound as a poundI was pretty disappointed by this new spot on the corner. We were excited to have a new neighborhood option but what we got is a pub with sub par bar food and crappy service. It wasn't that the servers and staff weren't kind and smiling, but you could tell that they were very poorly (not?) trained. 
There was a decent but short draft list, and an unexciting bottle list. I ordered a bar pie (one of the very few veggie friendly options) and the man ordered a pulled pork sandwich. The bar pie was just that-a simple bar pie, not very exciting. The pulled pork was way over dressed. The fries were really good and the only thing I really enjoyed. The menu is limited in general and definitely nothing inventive. It's just plain old bar food.
I don't really understand the "Irish" theme-it doesn't seem to come through in anything about the restaurant. Who knows where that came from.  Needless to say I won't be coming back and will instead wait until this place rebrands itself once again.We found this local Irish Bar on a 5 day ladies trip from Houston.  The Owners happened to be on site and were super sweet!  The waitstaff was friendly, the customers were all nice, fun & quaint pub with great prices & food was yummy too.  We plan to go back again before we leave.Fun local spot in the neighborhood with Quizzo on Wednesday. Would definitely go back. Didn't have any good but good beer list.Just a couple blocks north of the Art Museum, it far enough to be busy but over-crowded and prices are not touristy. Small inside but plenty of outdoor seating for those nice Philly days. Good craft beer selection and good bar food.I grew up working in a Irish pub (16-22) so I'd say it's fair to say I have an affinity for them. I think this is the best Irish pub in Philly and overall one of my favorite places to frequent for great service, food and drinks. 
Right when you walk in you'll be greeted by the friendly staff as well as notice the beautiful dark wood bar, making you feel like you're in Ireland.  Typically end up sitting at the bar. Bar tenders are always prompt with service and the drinks never run low (thankfully). I love that they carry gunpowder gin, one of my favorites! They have a great cocktail list and Guiness pour.
While I don't love the Shepard's pie here, the black taxi has amazing F&C and crab cake sandwich. Both delish and crips to perfection. Ooh and I love the Brussel sprout Appetizer. I love the Donegal Bay fried as well, although pro tip great for sharing or dinner w/o app! You will be full. And there are so many more great choices.
Ooh & Wednesday is Quizzo/ Trivia night!
Stop by in, you won't regret it!!!Definitely the most authentic version of an Irish Pub I've come across in Philadelphia. Excellent Guinness? Check. Sports on TV, including English Premier League? Check. (It's a Liverpool supporters bar). Cracking pub grub? Check. Questionable Irish ex pats in track suits falling over with laughter in the corner? Check. If this all sounds perfect to you, delay your visit no more. The brunch menu has some real gems, including the Belfast Bap. The rashers are real and the pork sausage isn't Bob Evans. Sausage rolls? Yep, those too. The bar in th front has access to a couple of large TVs but there's a dining room in the back with a large TV and more formal seating. They also take reservations. Nice job guys, perfect pints. Slaínte!Wonderful fish and chips. Once you eat this, no other place can compare. They even made me a decent margarita though it's an Irish place. It has a comfortable atmosphere and patrons are friendly. A treasure. What took me so long to come here? It's wonderful.Horrible. I've never written a bad review on yelp but this place was so bad I had to!   Our waitress was a sweetheart, but not attentive at all. I'm pretty easy going about the service at restaurants, I was a waitress I get it, it can be crazy hectic! Me and two of my friend sat down and waited about 20 minutes for someone to come over and acknowledge us. Finally someone came over and gave us water, but no menus. I had to get up and find someone to get menus, she looked at me like I was crazy asking for menus. She said she would bring them over and didn't come back to our table. We then ask another waitress if we could have menus and she stated they were all out of menus. Luckily a table near us had two so we used theirs. 
Now I could totally over look that if the food was great. Horrific. We got the mac and cheese, it  took fooorrrrevvverrrrr to come out. When it did, it was lukewarm and there was barely any cheese in it. We also got the country fried chicken sandwich....no words. McDonald's would have been better. My friend got the fish and chips, if you want fish and chips go get something frozen at Wal-Mart that would probably have been better! We ordered the brussel sprouts as well, can't tell you how they were because they never came out ( but were on the bill) . 
This place will not last, no question about it. I've never been to a place in Philly that not only had horrific service but even worse food. Don't waste your time. 
 If you want a good bar in the Fairmount area go over to Belgian Cafe on 20th & Mount Vernon right near Eastern State Penitentiary ..AMAZING!