Great spot right on Clark park. Check out the Weckerly's ice cream. I can't get enough of the candied bacon.The service, like the coffee drinks, can be hit or miss. The food, Weckerly's Ice Cream not withstanding, is always a miss.Clean, bright cafe just across from Clark Park.  The staff is friendly.  The lemon ginger mint tea is excellent!I spent nearly the entire day at the Green Line Cafe the other day helping hang my wife's artwork and I fell in love with this place.
  1. It has great artwork there (not just my wife's)
  2. The coffee is great
  3. The food is great (Turkey cheddar on a croissant...mmmm)
  4. The music choice is good
  5. The people there are simply good people
  6. Everyone that works there is EXTREMELY nice
  7. The owners are great people
My wife and I will be going to The Green Line Cafe long after her work comes off the walls (can't wait to see who's art will go up next).  This is a great coffee shop and cafe and I recommend them highly.Friendly atmosphere, although with free wireless on weekends watch out for all the people on notebook computers filling all of the seats. Importanltly - good cup of joe and decent selection of cookies. Friendly staff, reasonable prices.i like this place a lot... it reminds me of my favorite west coast cafes, and it's right by clark park where you can bring your iced coffee, sit, read, and admire the array of people enjoying all the park has to offer. i'm really pleased with the location, atmosphere, and staff. love it.This is the original Green Line location, and it boasts good coffee and atmosphere right next to Clark Park. It's hard not to appreciate it's basic strengths, but it had equally notable drawbacks. It is usually crowded, fairly expensive (as are most cafes in Philly), and had no Wi-Fi service. That last point has it's upside - this cafe is already crowded enough, and the lack of Wi-Fi means that more people are sitting to have a cup and conversation than sitting to study or work. So it again, it maintains some charm, and if you're looking for a place to sit with a friend for a few minutes and enjoy a scone and espresso, this will fit the bill if you avoid peak hours.Stopped in for a quick lunch, ordered a bagel with cream cheese, but hey, they're out of cream cheese. Huh? Ok.......ummmmmmmm......this sandwich? Yeah. I grab way-too-expensive-stale bread sandwich. At least I got to eat it in Clark with a friend. I'm glad they're there but they could be doing the food so much better with just a little more effort. *sigh* 
There's definitely potential though, and it seems a possible chill place to hang for some peeps, but not really my bag.I wonder if I've spent 100 hours here yet. It's a wonderful place to get work done, to meet friends, to sit and dog-watch. The sandwiches, especially the caprese and the steve, are delicious--especially when they're toasted. Their earl grey tea is delicious and they make a killer soy latte. I never even liked iced coffee until I tried it here. This place is infinitely better than any of the major coffeehouse chains in the city.I must be super cool because the service didn't seem pretentious or "too cool" in anyway. Here's the deal they have what I want (coffee) I have what they want (cash) we met each others needs and proceeded with our lives... it was glorious! I don't need a warm a bubbly welcome from my Barista, just a solid cup of coffee, which they produced. I will certainly be back. Iced Red-Eye $4.15... that's the going price. If you are conscientious enough to patronize a indie coffee shop you know what you re getting (superior coffee/knowledgeable staff/etc.).Very nice coffee place right opposite Clark park. I often go here before a visit to the park and grab a hot mocha. Service is fast and friendly. Dog-friendly outdoor seating; my wife and I love sitting there and watching the steady stream of dogs enjoying their walk in the park.Green line has great coffee, which I drink sometimes while I peruse the farmer's market.  My bf and I also love the four seed cookies from slow rise bakery.  I usually get waited on by someone fairly nice.  However, I must admit I spend more time at Satellite.  If you are going to sit, Satellite has better outdoor tables, and inside you can ask to share a table without getting daggers.  But if you are jonesing caffeine or sweets in the area, by all means you will get great stuff here.SO cute and great for vegans. It's a small cafe and always fairly crowded but located directly across from Clark Park- so that is great. 
They have many pre-made vegan sandwiches which I have yet to try. I have had some of the sorbets that they have and a vegan muffin- all has been fantastic. 
(no credit cards but there is an ATM on premises)
Their drinks are good and they only use fair trade coffee. Great little shop (:This is usually a very pleasant coffee shop, though it can get busy and loud first thing in the morning or around lunch time. The staff is generally friendly and the clientele is not annoying like it can be at some places. Personally, I found it a great place to write. However, be aware that it does not have internet, so no web surfing at The Green Line.Great coffee served by a friendly staff - there's a good reason this place is a long-standing West Philly institution!  Saturday mornings are the most lively, with the Clark Park farmer's market going on just across the street.Disclaimer: There are few cafes I judge for their food. I rarely eat in cafes.
At green-line, I find the service, location, comfort and human-factor  to be excellent. Coffee is a step above reasonable, and brewed robustly, so no complaints. Great spot to hang out in the mid-morning weekday hours, if you're not finding yourself otherwise occupied (or, perhaps, employed). On weekends it's a bit harder to find a seat.Great local business that has the best espresso in the city. I've never had a bad Americano here.Could Green Line be slipping?  We took a trip back to the old neighborhood this weekend, and I insisted upon stopping at my old favorite coffee shop for an iced chai latte, which I remembered being very good.  This time, it wasn't.  It was watery, and the ice-to-beverage ratio was ridiculously high.
The treats are still tasty, thank goodness.  I had a $0.50 vegan mini-cupcake, and it was outstanding - much better than those served at most coffee shops.I came here with my boyfriend randomly as we were walking by. It looked like a cute spot and we were hungry.... it wasn't! The sandwiches are all pre-made, and not very good. They felt as though they had been sitting there for a very long time, and were all soggy. On top of this, they were WAY too expensive for what they were. The guy working there offered to heat it up, and 5 minutes later we got sandwiches that were burning on the outside and still refrigerated cold on the inside - gross! The meat in the sandwiches didn't taste very good and overall it tasted as though it was really bad quality - or maybe it had just been sitting there for way too long, either way I would NOT recommend eating here. 
On another note, be careful when you go to the bathroom, because it's extremely small and quite easy to get stuck in. Overall, I will never come here again and I don't suggest you do, either.Small bite: Chill and inviting. Nice neighborhood nook.
Came to Philly to visit the brother. He was still getting ready, so I popped by this spot to get a cappuccino. I'm not ordinarily a cappuccino person (I generally stay pretty simple with coffee), but decided to start my trip with a treat.
The space inside is relaxed and unassuming. The shop has a very large clock above the counter. Maybe it's a statement on the inexorable march of time, and how we need to all take time to enjoy life with a relaxing cup of coffee, because death is inevitable? Or maybe it's just because the space was empty and they needed to put something there.
A customer in front of me asked if the house-made cookie has coconuts. The clerk went into the back to check. She came back and said no. Big props to her for taking the time to look! But that may be information the shop wants to have behind the counter. Nothing hurts business more than having a customer get a terrible food allergy from your food.
The cappuccino was lovely. Nothing adventurous, but I wasn't looking for a beverage concocted by a mythological beast, so it worked for my purposes. I appreciated the outdoor seating. Watching the cars and SEPTA trolleys trundle on by, I felt as if I had come across a miniature green oasis, a vantage point to watch a parade of mechanized behemoths pass by.
The brother finished his shower and came to get me, and we headed to explore the city.I dig the Green Line, don't get me wrong, but one thing that always irked me was the lack of wifi here. I know the reason - it's small and they don't want patrons hanging around for hours taking up space. Oh, wait. They still hang around for hours and take up space.
The staff can some times be annoying with their faux street urchin look [most are Penn students so they ain't hurtin' that bad for money].
Tea's decent. Coffee's decent. And you can even get a Fu-Wa tofu/chicken hoagie from them as well.
Best for to go items.Weckerly's   ice  cream ( french style)  is  made  and sold here.  The ice  cream is  created in small  batches.  I noticed  the  tiny  see thru  glass freezer last summer.
Stars  aligned  the other day  and I  found  myself inside the cafe  for other  reasons.  This  time I  decided   to try the ice  cream.  INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!   I  actually  consumed   my  frozen gold  at the  end of a long day  filled with despair.  Actually  ice  cream  tastes  best  when you  need  love.  Weckerly's  ice  cream IS love!  
As  for the  cafe, it is a  very  nice  West Philly  cafe- no  complaints.  But I must stress-   come  here  for  WECKERLY'S ICE CREAM!!!!!!!The one time I came here it was expensive and slow. I would not go back.
They claim to have "ice cream" but its just some sandwiches in a case. As for the coffee - it was nothing special, sorry.Came with a few friends to try out the coffee and tea, expecting something better than the Typical Starbucks or Saxby's drink. While this is a small, very friendly environment, the drinks were not very good quality. The barista was very quick with the order, but the chai tea latte was not mixed and when my friend did, it still tasted like straight milk. Not worth the walk if there is another coffee shop around, but great for studying, chilling out, and getting off of campus.The Green Line Cafe
Coffee - 4* 
Tea - 4.5*
Inside Environment - 4*
Service - 4* has gotten much better
Outside seating (if its sunny) - 5* 
Food - 4* a good assortment 
Owner - 5* - responsive, and takes customers into considerationThis morning I scoured my refrigerator for something to eat. Behind a jar of peanut butter I found a poppy seed muffin from the Greenline café. I'd bought it at least a week ago. I was incredulous but my hunger usually trumps my good sense. 
I ate the old muffin. No coffee to lift my spirit. No milk to moisten my chewing. And the muffin was still delicious. 
I don't know what pagan magic the Greenline uses but their pastries are always on point.  It may be that their pastries are cooked in house and shipped out to the other Greenline locations. This is a welcome relief , as most cafes in Philly use the same two bakeries for their sweets. 
The coffee drinks are good. The clientele is very student, professor, Clark Park-Mother Goddess- Vegan-Parent.The baristas are chill, polite and generally handsome.  Best of all, there's more than enough seating for everyone. 
The only downside is that it seem like basic hygiene becomes optional when your cross the Schyulkill. Oblivious professors, strong out students and punks don't care that I can smell their pits from ten feet away.  Really gross, but it's happened but a handful times while at the Greenline. 
Beware of these sorts at the Greenline café. Otherwise, enjoy!Mediocre coffee. Cash only and they don't take anything larger than a $20 (as I was a little too smugly told - I mean really, either get a pen, take cards, or at least put up a sign so that it doesn't seem like a case-by-case assessment of how shady I currently look- not everybody who only has something larger than a $20 is trying to pass a counterfeit bill!)This is my favorite Green Life cafe in West Philly! It's smaller than the one on Spruce, but it's very cosy and I love coming here on Saturday mornings to people watch through the windows. Saturdays is when the Farmer's market comes to Clark Park which is just across the street.
In addition to their coffee and tea selection, they have some yummy breakfast sandwiches and burritos and pastries. They also have gluten free bagels and are very accommodative about food intolerances. They also recently started carrying Weckerly's band of ice cream, which, while a bit expensive, is delicious. My favorite flavors include the goat's milk chocolate, the peach flavor and the apple caramel.god i miss this place
they make the best latte's and cranberry italian soda's! 
why did i move to center city?I stopped in here recently with Boyfriend to get hot chocolates. Order was taken, and we waited. And waited.
...And waited...
Finally two appeared on the counter with an announcement. Hooray! 
Except they were not ours. They were someone else's. Wanna know how I found out? The barista snapped, "There are other people waiting." There may have been an eye roll in there.
This was followed by massive confusion, as five of us were waiting for hot chocolates and no one was sure whose they were. 
I suggested to Rude Barista that maybe they should ask for names. I know, I know, that's what they do at *horrified open-mouthed gasp* Starbucks. And I'm sure this wasn't the first time the suggestion had been made. 
Her response? 
"We don't usually get five orders at once for hot chocolate." There was definitely an eye roll in there.
Then we heard the guy behind the counter complain about how he had to make all of these hot chocolates. It was the first snappy fall day of the season. How odd that people would come in and order hot non-coffee drinks! 
In the end it was delicious, as is their coffee, and hooray for successful indie coffee shops continuing to thrive, but I was less than pleased with the bitter service.If I didn't live so close I would never come here. 
The food and drinks are good and I like that they offer second day bagels for cheap. 
However staff here is totally pretentious and seem to talk down to anyone who isn't "cool".I've been to The Green Line four times, because my friend lives in the neighbourhood. I LOVE their coffee! I haven't found a place in Philly that compares to The Green Line! It's smooth, perfectly brewed, and delicious. The staff is always lovely, too. I can't speak to anything other than their coffee, but that enough should entice you to visit!The coffee, service, and food are pretty good. I highly recommend the donuts. WiFi, however, will be an issue unless you are a comcast subscriber. This place does get warm during the summer.Whoever's in the kitchen with Dinah is doing a damn good job. That sweet potato burrito is an asset to the neighborhood. And folks who work here seem pretty nice, plus they host space to hang art and nice live music from time to time.Absolutely my favorite café EVER! Such a lively and pleasant environment. Good and cheap food and drink items, super friendly staff, prime location and great view to Clark Park. Street parking is not a big trouble if you have to drive a car. Although I love to take a walk to the café and enjoy the beauty of the neighborhood. Another advantage: NO WIFI! If you are not a kind of person that cannot detach from Facebook for a moment, best place to work or socialize. Last but not the least, restroom is miraculously well maintained, for such a busy place: always clean and never out of supply.
The only downside is that it can get noisy and crowded and food choices can get very limited, both a result of their popularity. I solve the first problem with headphones or earplug, and it rocks!:)I've heard a lot about this place, so I'm excited that I finally got to try it. It's a cute little coffee shop a little ways off of the main Penn campus area. The area isn't so great, but the coffee shop is small-ish and intimate so it's a great environment for a low-key study session with some good coffee.
I got the Iced Mocha with skim milk (I'm the only one who orders iced coffee in the 20 degree weather but I can't help myself). It was a pretty good drink, although I do wish it was a bit more chocolatey and sugary. I added extra sugar and the drink was pretty good, although I will say that $4 for the drink was a bit too expensive. 
I probably will come back to do work if I feel like making the trek and to snack on something/get a drink. Their assortment of baked goods looked delicious so I'll definitely want to try them in the future.Great coffee and pastries. Good spot to read or write. I dipped in on a Sunday to do some work. Had to wait a few minutes to grab a seat, but I never knock a place for being popular. Was able to work on a presentation for work that luckily didn't require internet use. No wifi is a bit of a bummer.Good coffee, and once you come here more than a couple times, the people behind the counter are sweet & friendly & recognize you. Treats are all right. I'm partial to the sandwiches even though they are prepacked.While the facade of this corner coffee place is sort of classic, the coffee here is perhaps the weakest of the main W. Philly coffee places. It generally comes a bit bitter, cold, and watery. That said the outside seating is nice and they sell pretty decent sandwiches
It must be said however that this Green Line does not have internet (while the Locust one does, that one is next to clave which is in every way better).This place has serious potential. It's cute on the inside and and has awesome sandwiches. I'm so happy for a decent sandwich/coffee option in Brigham Circle!
My only complaint is that the girl behind the counter seems like she was just moping around, and didn't really know what they had to offer.  And worse, she was wearing open toed sandals- a big no-no (and possibly illegal) in a food establishment.  It grossed me out big-time.It is a cozy cafe near Philadelphia College of Pharmacy. I got the window seat... Nah- nah nah-nah nahhhh nah! :-p I just order something to drink just so I can hang out here and use their wifi when I'm nearby. I'm a decaf person so I can not really tell the difference between coffee. As long as it has my milk and sugar, I'm not fastidious about coffee. This cafe has this one spot that is a wallless window view and I love when cafes have that setting. Been here a few times & always had good customer service. I gave them three stars because it isn't as spacious as other coffee shops I have been to, as coffee shops are not just about the coffee but also the atmosphere. Still not a bad coffee shop though. Come by and enjoy a cup.I can never find a cafe in West Philly that I could work without sweating because of the lack of air conditioning. Some people can't afford to pay for Wi-Fi or air-conditioning for their own apartment. That is why cafés exist. 
Unfortunately, Green Line Café is just another pretentious place that doesn't serve good coffee, have air conditioning or even a dedicated Wi-Fi. For some reason, hipsters love to sweat. Hipsters rule this part of town, so finding a café dedicated for working stiffs is near impossible.
Only reason why Green Line Café doesn't have Wi-Fi is because they don't want to spend the money. They don't want to spend money on air conditioning either because they are cheap. They like to tell you that you don't need Wi-Fi to enjoy yourself, however that is not the case for a lot of people. Most of the people living in that area are college students and young workers. We need Wi-Fi! I don't care about Facebook. I don't want to go to a café just to check on my Facebook or Twitter status. The only reason why I will go to Café is to work with a dedicated Wi-Fi and a cup of coffee. There is absolutely no excuse to have no Wi-Fi and no air-conditioning.This place is absolutely amazing.  Not sure what people could possibly not link, it deserves to have a higher rating than it does for sure.  I may be biased since I met my wife there :)...
They have incredible vegetarian options, including the highly recomdended "Steve" sandwhich.  The soy mocha is out of this world also.This is a great place to come and hang out and have your coffee.  If you're feeling up for it lean over to the person next to you and say "hey, whatcha reading there?" and you can get started on a cool conversation!  The music is funky and the people are always nice.  They have a small but decent selection of vegan brownies and cookies if you're into that.  Bring your computer, book, read the paper or whatever and hang out.  During the summers when I come on the weekends, it's great to sit outside and then go to the farmer's market in Clark Park.This coffee shop is right across from Clark park. The inside offers limited dining tables but the outside has a large comfortably seating area. The menu has a selection of hot and cold coffee and tea beverages. I had an iced coffee and sat outside working on a beautiful day.Great neighborhood feel. Fair Trade items and very vegan friendly. Try the soup... any of them.I move away for a few years, and they start selling local ice cream sandwiches!  What a treat!  Classic West Philly coffeeshop is the best place to catch up with a friend or read away a beautiful afternoon.Green Line has the best soy lattes in town, and carries several premade vegan wraps, nutritional bars, and sometimes even desserts.  Another good vegan option is a bagel with hummus;  they carry an especially good, garlicky type.
The other good thing about Green Line is that it has become a community center of sorts;  if you want to know what's going on in the area, or if you are looking for housemates, the bulletin board here is a good place to check.  Unlike Starbucks, they'll also let you use the restroom without insisting that you buy something.  (I buy something without using the bathroom at least ten times as often as I use the bathroom without buying something, so I think it works out well for them.)  This is just one of many ways they are, happily, unlike Starbucks;  quality, atmosphere, and (seeming) morale of staff are a few more examples.A no-frills neighborhood coffee shop. Pretty good coffee and snacks, sandwiches, salads, etc. No wifi which is my favorite thing about this place. People actually come here and read or hang out/visit with friends. Plenty of seating inside and out plus there's a parklet right outside on 43rd. Great place to post up and people-watch or read a book.This is literally the place that ruined me for normal coffee. When traveling my wife and I will now ask "is there good coffee or just Starbucks?" The pastrys are good (especially the croissants) and they do have vegan options so there's that!Good location, ample outdoor seating. Don't frequent this place at their peak hours, but have never had a problem getting a seat whenever I have stopped in. Lack of wi-fi is a drag, although it probably contributes to the aforementioned seat availability.
Their chai latte tastes like hot water with a little bit of milk mixed in. I got one at the Locust St. spot and thought it was a fluke, so I tried it again at the Baltimore location, with the same results. Seriously the crappiest chai latte I've ever had and they aren't cheap, either. This is my primary impetus for writing this review. I feel like I should warn people. Save your four bucks.
Food is pretty lackluster. I like the "Steve" (spicy tofu sandwich). I'd like to see them offering more topping options for their bagels. Coffee is also pretty lackluster. Service is decent. Never had anyone be rude or unpleasant and they serve up their orders pretty quickly, unlike nearby Satellite Cafe which has better food (in my opinion) but will make you wait 20 minutes for a bagel.I used to stop by this cafe on my walks in to work sometimes (back when morning traffic didn't matter and work was a 15 min skip and hop around the corner). I was happy to see that not much as changed since those times.
Green Line cafe sits on a corner of Baltimore Avenue, across the street from Clark Park. Indoor seating is hit or miss depending on the time of day. There is plenty of outdoor seating with views of Clark Park or the surrounding West Philly neighborhood. 
They have a nice vegan and non vegan selection of snacks, and the best iced chai tea! Staff is always very friendly and their prices are very reasonable. Stay amazing, Green Line!I love the coffee and food here! However the lack of wifi and the fact that they only take cash will prevent me from going back unless I need a quick coffee to go.WOW! I came here for one of the Baltimore Avenue Dollar Strolls and I'm so glad I did! This was the first place I hit up and by far my favorite. While waiting in line I was debating whether to go for a regular ol' hot dog or be interesting and go for a carrot dog. That's right folks- a carrot dog. If you've never tried one, I'd say bust your butt and get over to Green Line Cafe to get one, real quick. My oh my oh my. I wasn't sure what to expect at first but it was too too amazing because that carrot dog had me back in line for another one and proclaiming that I may just give up regular hot dogs forever. They slice the carrots up and marinate them in the tastiest sauce, placing it in a regular hot dog roll. They also have this sweet onion relish, which I never usually put on hot dogs, but my friend had it on his and I had to try it. Get a carrot dog without the relish and get one with it. I admit, it's my first time enjoying a carrot so much. All my friends who I forced to try it agreed that it was their favorite Dollar Stroll food. Serious bizness. 
Also the strawberry basil lemonade. Lawd that was delicious. Two cups of that and I was riding on a delicious wave of sweet goodness. What a delightful spin on a age old summer treat. 
They had a fantastic DJ who had me rocking out to some classic hip hop joints. I was totally ready to just chill at this place until the end of stroll. I didn't, but my short time at Green Line was fantastic!! I will definitely be back, no doubts about it.C'mon Green Line, stop acting so pretentious with your "no wifi" attitude. Cafés have internet connection for a good reason: comfort. Fortunately, you can still get a decent connection using Xfinity WiFi.
I live near Baltimore, and it's a long walk towards their other store - which has a dedicated wifi signal. It's a pain in the ass to find a cafe with great connection. Instead, I'm next to a pretentious cafe with tiny seats.
Edit: Seems that people like to correlate their technophobic comments about the lack of wifi with extensive Facebook usage. Not everybody uses Facebook. I happen to need the internet for work. Also, Xfinity Wifi is really low in Green Line now, which makes my 1-star rating irrelevant; it should be negative 2-stars. 
I don't understand why hipsters like to sweat in the hot sun and not use wifi. What's up with the lack of air conditioning in these hipster cafés? Stop being so damn cheap bro, seriously. You can afford some luxury.in the spring and the winter when it's too terribly wet and cold to ride my bike over the spring garden bridge i drive my little car to school and try desperately to find a parking spot near this lil' cafe.  I love the coffee and the chai in the mornings and sometimes late at night a fuji apple fizzy lizzy is just the right thing to hit the spot.  Their prices are a bit cheaper than the Gia Pronto on campus, and the atmosphere is calm and inviting...especially on those cold gray days.This Green Line (actually, I suppose the one on Locust, also) is right around the corner from me, so that's nice. The physical establishment is lovely, the outdoor seating is nice, shaded by trees in some places and with a view of Clark Park in others. Prime real estate for people (and dog!) watching.
The staff is hit or miss. There's this one guy who switches between the locations with long-ish curly hair who is fantastic. He seems to really like his job and takes care in the drinks he makes. Others don't seem to care as much. 
I should have listened to Monica about the chai latte (especially the iced), but coffee and I just don't get along.
I got, this time, a pumpkin spice vegan cookie (so good) and an iced chai latte. I'm convinced the girl just gave me a cup of milk with ice in it.  I asked for a little more chai (which I really hate doing, but seriously, I paid $3.60 for this S.O.B.). I think she just put more ice in it.
A sore disappointment on the chai latte front. I can't knock the place itself because it is so pretty and they do use free trade beans and what have you, but I wish some of the staff members were a little less snarky and could make proper chai lattes.I usually spend time at the other Green Line b/c of their cushioned seats but I have been to this one twice.  Anyways, for some reason, I felt really out of place there.  Maybe it's b/c I don't have the hipster look all the white kids are sporting in West Philly.  It's not like I'm decked out in Abercrombie or something.  I'm a T-shirt and jeans guy...I just don't like my clothing super tight.  That doesn't mean I don't recycle.  Nor does it mean I'm some corporate A-hole.  Hipsterism claims to be tolerant but they (hipsters) always give non-hipsters like myself that look of detached judgmentalism whenever they walk in the room.  Hipsters, do me a favor and please stop making me feel like I caused global warming.  And wtf is up with Hipsters drinking PBR?  It's probably the worst beer I've ever tasted.  Sorry, this has nothing to do with Green Line.  Four Stars.good but I'm not sure it really needs five stars.  A good, solid coffee shop with plenty of room inside and a few tables outside for nice weather.  A good selection of teas and keeping it simple on the coffee front.  I like that it is all glass and on the corner so it seems to light up the night and spill out toward the park.  This is a good place (for me) to work because there is no wi-fi and for the most part internet is not a tool of productivity for me.
Most glaring error here is the food, though.  Smooshed multi-day old sandwiches (hilarious to have Vietnamese sandwiches here when you could be taking out from Fu Wah), cookies/brownies that all seem to be missing key ingredients (I support ye vegans, lactards, and wheat allergics, but the rest of us wouldn't mind fatty eggy wheaty cookies).  And not-particularly-fabulous bagels are basically the only breakfast choice?  Definite room for improvement.How did we come here every morning over the summer and the baristas never learned our names? To be honest, I kind of liked it. Coming from a place where I can never escape my past, where my shifting gender expression is the first thing anyone who knows me wants to talk about, it was nice to feel anonymous in my new neighborhood -- to be taken as I am, with no history attached.
I love that you've kept up our tradition of drinking coffee in Clark Park every morning before the day starts. I love that you must think about me every time you're there. And it's hard, but I love that you're learning to love yourself on your own, too. As much as I wish I could be there, I love that you can sit in the park and eat without me. 
I hope the baristas will learn your name while I'm not there. Maybe someday when we come back you can introduce me.Tried a hot milk steamer with gingerbread syrup today. The flavor and foam were good, but one of the words I value in such a beverage is "hot" and this was lukewarm at best.I appreciate a place that has a variety of loose leaf teas as well as reasonable prices for their teas and coffee. The moment you walk in, you realize that you probably are better off carrying out your warm beverage (due to minimal seating options) but that is just fine considering they are located so close to the park.
The interior is right up my alley. it had everything. big windows, some stained glass, two old people playing chess. It was quaint and wonderful.
The drink menu is comprehensive but not overwhelming. and they had a variety of teas. The only downside of a cafe so small, is that when the foot traffic is so heavy, it can get a little difficult. they had one compact "cream & sugar stations" and you kind of have to go one at a time and wait your turn. This is fine for a casual afternoon but maybe not so much if you are in a huge rush. 
Also be warned that if you do get your coffee to go, the cardboard insulator on the outside of your cup is not corrugated so it will definitely be too hot to hold for the first few minutes. My advice is keep alternating between your hands :)
That being said, the decor is cute and comfy, the service is friendly, their prices are reasonable, and their selection is adequate.I've come here twice in the past month, once for lunch (ended up taking the food to go because there was no space) and another time for a drink. 
The space is tiny here, it's more enjoyable when it's not crowded. When ordering for lunch, it was awkward waiting for the order because there really isn't much room to stand without being in someone's way. I ordered the breakfast wrap but my two friends also ordered food that needed to be toasted and it took too long. The wrap itself was good, but really small....look how big my cookie was next to the burrito! The second time I came back, I was pretty sick and asked for a hot water but treated my friend to a drink here. Got a really weird look when they asked me if I was really ordering a hot water...I would rather go somewhere else in the area for a sandwich or drink in the future.A terrific neighborhood cafe, with local art and music. Nice t-shirts, too.Green... Line...
You blow my mind!!!
Yep decided to go with a Grand Master Flash pun there. I know I'm capable of something better than that but heck sometimes I get lazy. So the Green Line. I happen to know people who work there and a certain girl that does the nightly after hour cleaning. They have two locations but I only ever stepped into this particular one. Right across from a decent pizza joint selling a wide variety of cold beers and 45s and the famous Clark Park where tons of fun summer events take place. The Green Line has it's own vibe strictly for the West Philly crowd. 
When I say that, you must know that there are three sides of Philly: West, South, and North all have their own kinds of people. West Philly with the colleges, hospitals and plenty of trees make it a kind of hip spot for new people to Philly and friendly environmentalists and at the same time staying clear of the dodgey sketchy areas that also make West Philly pretty dangerous. But for the most part there is a charm to West Philly that differs from South Philly with more industrial sites, the rustic Italian Market, the river, and the giant Ikea overlooking a huge abandoned cargo ship and a building with four smoke stacks. (As you walk around the parking lot it kind of looks like a level from Mario 64. Just odd.) And lastly North Philly with it's Fringe Bohemian crowds, art collectives and plenty of old mill buildings perfect for you and your friends to open a studio for woodcutting etc. 
But back to the Green Line, I like it for it's small space, nice diverse groups, listening to some silly stories from locals, and the bashful baristas giving good service but sometimes slow on the "Oh.... uh... thank.. you... I guess... heh...". Gotta love them. I'm sure they are thinking more on what they plan on painting or creating when their shift ends. I know I would.I used to live nearby and frequent this coffee shop in passing. It doesn't seem as much of a chain coffee shop as the surrounding Starbucks locations. Also, it didn't get nearly as crowded during the typical 'college study sessions'. 
I am a fan of their lattes and the pastries always tasted fresh. Walking out, you are greeted with the view of a nice park area across the street. I like that the Green Line Cafe always had events and live music in the books. 
Though for me, this cafe had too much going on to be the prime study spot. There are plenty of tables around, free wifi. Most of the patrons studying are professors, undergrads, and probably graduate students from the nearby schools.
Overall, it's definitely a coffee shop that I wouldn't mind visiting again. It's sort of out of the way now though :(Our house is super near to the Green Line Cafe.
Passing through the daybreaks, I'd rush down the path, heading for the trolley station in every single day.
While suspending at the corner of Clark Park, my cheek used to lean on the way, which is not the one trolley's coming, that a beam of sun leaded to immerse into the red umbrellas out attached the cafe house, and finally reached down the floor around 8:05. 
I assumed this was a spontaneously behavior of me cause I never drank coffee sitting in there. I did have a sweet meeting before with somebody else, who didn't remain me anything that I'd like to cherish except for the respberry iced tea with the sugar which he told me the middle one is the best among all of them.
The cup of iced tea, by that time, was like people using a sort of transparent icing to mix into some artificial rosy liquid. But it did not taste fancy at all.
The guy appealed to me has disappeared afterward and never came back anyway. It made me some speculations of that day really existed, or the mental clips about that picture which we were talking together in front of the counter, is just haunting around those settings, the wooden square tables and scattered shades under the tree.  It supposed to be a good reason for my werid inclination every morning. 
Huh..?The pastries here are not made in-house, as some Yelpers have indicated.  They're from LeBus, which FYI is owned by high level Scientologists.  So while the fair trade coffee you're sipping is economically empowering Mesoamerican farmers, the croissant you got with it is facilitating the economic exploitation of the psychologically infirm by a predatory cult.  
For the record, the coffee here is terrible-- watery and overly bitter at the same time.  The pastries are even worse, and I'm not talking about morally.  Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  There are plenty of other options in the neighborhood.  
Green Line- do the right thing and switch to Metropolitan.  Not only can they make a decent croissant, they're not borderline evil.This quaint little joint across from Clark Park slings some pretty good coffee drinks and expressos. But it really did have a terrible hipster odor and the one bathroom so close to the tables just makes it worse. Not a place I can sit and get work done ;(Went to the Green Line on Locust. It was ok; the coffee was decent and at a good temperature, but not something that stood out as great. They were serving Equal Exchange coffee, which I appreciate since it is fair trade. 
I thought, though, that this particular location had a sort of cold atmosphere to it. But I will definitely try to make it to the Baltimore St. location and try some espresso drinks so that I can give a better judgement.I can't believe I have not written about the Green Line cafe before now? It is in my top 3 coffee houses in West Philly. I enjoy the ambience and can come alone or bring friends visiting. We love to sit outdoors in cafe or even the summertime parklet. they have good baked goods and love the espresso and equal exchange coffee. Today, i brought some friends and we were enjoying sitting outside relaxing sipping our Americano (me) Iced coffee : one of my friends . they have gluten free, vegan products which are good.This is the smaller Green Line Cafe that is no far from the larger one. It's a coffee shop with the typical coffee shop extras, muffins, scones, etc...
My 2 1/2 year old daughter and I were at Clark Park and she exclaimed, "I'm very hungry daddy." So, like a good father, I responded, "Well, let's get some food."
My search began by looking for a truck or cart parked in the area. There was nothing of interest. Then, we wandered through the Famer's Market. Strike 2. Next, we traveled across the street to the Green Line Cafe.
My daughter loves muffins, that was an automatic win. As soon as she saw one was wrapped in pink paper, well, we had to get the pink one. It was a lemon poppy seed muffin. Though, my daughter probably would have wanted it if it was a boring bran muffin, after which she would have spit it out and said, "No like."
But the lemon poppy muffin was tasty. Nothing super special, but certainly good enough to please my daughter. Like many of these foo foo coffee shops, they overcharged us. Oh well.I love this place- excellent coffee, great bagels, great service. There's not much more I need out of life. I like to buy their coffee by the pound to make at home as well. They are now accepting credit cards.This local coffee shop makes one delicious pumpkin latte. They also have a couple of varieties of beans to take home, which are all fair trade and organic, and equally as yummy. There was a long wait on the weekend, but with the excellent coffee and friendly service, it's to be expected.Yep, it's got the neighborhood vibe down, but there's nothing exceptional about the Green Line's products.  It's a warm, clean space, which rocks.  It's also a bit too busy for me to study there.  Some folks like activity and noise in the background while they read or whatever.  If you do, snag a table at Green Line where no one minds if you camp out for hours.
It's too far from Penn's campus to be all Penned-out.  It's location allows the manic undergrads to self-select out of Green Line's clientele.  This is really a chill place where chill folks from the area come to chill.  If I could read with conversations going on in the background, I'd come here to chill way more often.  Positively beautiful in the warm weather with sunlight shining through the stained glass windows & Clark Park across the street in its grassy glory.I want to love this place -- and I do appreciate the concerts, community, and L-corner in the back -- but for food, productivity, hang-out ambiance Green Line is not the best Philly offers.
I usually only order because I have to, not because I crave anything on the menu.Used to come here a lot when I still lived on Baltimore. Great environment to get some studying or reading done. I typically would get an iced green tea, or a medium roast coffee. They are a bit overpriced when it comes to drinks, but I have always loved the friendliness of all the staff working there. It gets really crowded on Saturdays during the farmers market. All the baked goods are delicious. Highly recommend the peanut butter brownie (which can probably cause type 2 diabetes) and buttered croissants.It's pretty good.  It's definitely a hip place, and the coffee and other snacks are good.  The prices aren't bad either, they're what you'd expect at a coffee shop, really.
That being said, although I do like this place and would never turn it down, I've never gone there and felt that there was anything exceptional or special about it.  It's just a good, clean coffee shop with decent coffee at normal prices.I would not say this place has gourmet coffee, and their food is really just okay.  What I love about it is the ambiance, the large windows, and the fact that it is very close to my house.  I have decided to give it a 3-star rating rather than a 4, even though I frequent it like a 4, because I understand that it isn't close to everyone's house.  That said, it's probably the nicest coffee shop to sit in in the vicinity.  This is in part due to the mutually beneficial aesthetic relationship it enjoys with Clark Park.  Also, my soy lattes only cost about $3.30, which is reasonable as soy lattes go.Hey, the new Green line on Baltimore doesn't have wifi, contrary to the yelp entry/search. Also, according to the barista they are not planning to get it any time soon. 
Other than that, it's a decent place.While visiting Philly for work, I visited this location at least 10 times and found the internet to be unreliable 80% of the time.
Staff is nice and you can work there for hours if you're reading a book or writing a paper. For those of us who are consultants requiring basic internet- it's impossible to work there. Based on other Yelp reviews, this has been a problem for years. Management is celebrating their 10th anniversary- why not celebrate by purchasing"real" bandwidth and wi-fi equipment.?
Wobbly tables and crazy drunk men from the bar across the street bang on the windows soliciting change (Omar actually has a Yelp page) make this neighborhood coffee shop a unique West Philly experience.My deepest apologies to those of you who have had bad experience at this Green Line location.  The few times I've been in thus far, I've been satisfied with the customer service, the environment of the café, and the coffee.  I enjoy having somewhere to go veg on a couch or a comfy chair, plug in my droid, and just relax for a while until my droid has enough juice to make it through the rest of the day.  Here's to hoping I'll be able to make it back there for a live music performance, and when I do, I'll report!I LOVE the coffee here! It's sweeter and also a lot cheaper than Hub Bub. Studying can be tricky when it's loud, but overall if you're tolerant of background noise, this is a great venue to sit and enjoy some good coffee and food.Great place to relax to cups of coffee or tea and sandwiches and catch up on studying..sandwiches are okay but  not that great..
If you live in University City during summer..you can enjoy outside seating and free WiFi.finally a coffee shop that makes my triple decaf cappuccino strong enough.I don't go to coffee shops too often, but I found myself in the Green Line Cafe at Locust three times in the past two weeks. I've had better experiences there in the past, but these past three visits were all 2-star visits at best.
Visit 1: I order a large iced mocha and a Banana Nutella muffin. The barista goes out of her way to warn me that a large iced mocha has 4 shots of espresso in it, instead of just 2. I tell her I can handle it. She continues to ask me if "I'm sure" because that's "a lot of coffee." My friend overhears and asks me, "Did that barista just shame you about how much coffee you want?" At least the muffin was good. 
Visit 2: I order a small iced mocha (for here) and a (vegan) Raspberry Almond Oat muffin. The barista tells me they're out of chocolate, so I change my order to a small iced chai. The barista hands me a tall glass. He didn't even bother to stir the chai concentrate and the milk together. There is milk dripping down the side of the glass. All I taste is milk and licorice. The muffin was barely edible. Super gummy like someone (unsuccessfully) tried to compress a soggy bowl of granola into bread form. Never again. 
Visit 3: This was the day after Visit 2. I tried again to order a small iced mocha, but (a different) barista said they were still out of chocolate. I get a small iced coffee (for here) and a Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Muffin. The coffee was a million times better than the chai, but there was no simple syrup. The "egg" on the muffin looked like tofu and the bacon was "ham" without a lot of flavor. I was expecting real bacon and eggs, so I was pretty disappointed. I ate about half of it before I tossed it. 
I'll probably be back for coffee with friends since the location is so convenient, but I'll probably stick to coffee and bagels.I've had better luck at this location than the one on 40th, but it still hasn't been great. I find the coffee just okay. Nothing great, but not bad. It's nearly impossible to find a place to sit. There is usually only one person working when I've visited, so it can take a while to get through the line. I don't think I would recommend this over a chain coffeeshop.This is a nice coffee shop. There is a lot of good food and pastry options and same goes for the drinks. The inside is nice, a good diverse crowd. This is one of the better coffee shops in the city. I would defiantly recommend this if your in the University City area.I would give Green Line on Locust about 2.5 stars.  I've been to a lot of coffee shops around town, and this one irks me.
I studied here on several occasions over the summer.  Their flavored iced tea is good and I'm sure the other snacks are as well but they are generally overpriced.  
They're eager to kick  you out at closing time...I'm not even sure if that's when they're supposed to close, but when it's time to go, they let you know.
I've had issues with the Wifi.  Very annoying when working on a research project while listening to Spotify!
It just doesn't seem like a friendly place.  Grab and go yes, but stay for awhile?  I'll pass...Indeed, the second incarnation of The Green Line Cafe. This one's a bit smaller and darker than the original on Baltimore Street, but the coffee's just as good. Convenient to the laundromat next door. Well pulled espressos + decent assortment of pastries and other baked goods as well as sandwich selection.In this world, there are adorable coffee shops that make you say, "Ooh!" with their terrariums, latte art, and Pandora stations, and then there are functional coffee shops that cater to a community. Green Line on Locust falls in the latter camp, thank god. Not everyone likes punk music, but the people who work there do (and many customers, too), and since I've only ever seen the same three or four people working there since I moved to West Philly, I don't mind listening to the stuff they like. They're always kind to me, and better yet, they're my neighbors. I almost always run into a friend at Green Line. The atmosphere is not one of impeccable service, but one of togetherness. And yeah, the AC is a little strong in the summer, but whatever, bring a sweater. I usually get an iced coffee and an everything bagel, or a vegan donut if I'm feeling extravagant. Damn those perfect rings. Lots of seating, too. Green Line is always a pleasure, and a gem in my neighborhood.Pros: Spacious, lots of big windows, outdoor seating
Cons: One of the employees is really unkempt and unclean looking. His hair is all over the place, and once I came in and he was absolutely drenched in sweat, through his clothes, from head to toe. I have never seen him wash his hands before preparing anything. 
The iced coffee is bland and not very strong. It's really quite flavorless, and therefore overpriced at nearly three dollars. 
The ambience is really bad. The music is often way too loud to be comfortable. Today I visited and they were playing experimental electronic music loud enough to be heard across the block. It was painful to my ears (and I LOVE electronic music). There often isn't any rhyme or reason to the playlist which can be jarring when you're trying to study.
I really wanted to like this place, and the one on Baltimore is lovely. But I miss living near Good Karma.French Toast Bagel was good, coffee good.  These earn the 2 stars.
Do not rely on this place to get work done.  Totally unreliable wifi, even when they try to reset the modem.  
Absolutely not worth going to if you need an internet connection.  It's happened almost every time I've been there.I like the other Green Line Cafe located on Baltimore street more. It's just a bummer that the Baltimore location doesn't have wifi, and is a bit more cramped. There are a lot more places to sit in this Green Line, but it tends to be more students and hipsters, compared to families at the other location. Apparently baristas work at both locations because I have seen them rotate. I really think paying the extra money for fair-trade coffee is worth it. I'm not a coffee aficionado, but I can tell the difference in their coffee compared to Starbucks.The Green Line has been my go-to studying location since I moved to West Philly.  I'm not a coffee-drinker, but their selection of tea is great, and the teabags are generous enough that the free refills aren't weak.  I'm not a huge fan of all their sandwiches, but a few (the turkey/croissant one in particular) are amazing, as are their baked goods.  The staff have always been really nice to me here - not just polite, but really quite sweet.  The layout is open, which means you're not crowded in next to other customers and you have some space to think.  Plus, they have cheap concerts pretty frequently.  Some of the bands that play are kind of duds, but I've seen some really excellent ones on occasion too.
The clientele are typical for the area - I really have not found them to be overwhelmingly "hipstery" (that said, if you reallllly hate hipsters, I suggest you stay away from any and all coffee shops in West Philly).  Yes, they're cash-only, but so are several other area places (Fu-Wah?).  I've just gotten used to carrying cash on me by now.  Overall, great place to get tea or lunch and do some studying.I never really saw myself as having a "favorite coffee shop" or identifying so strongly with a cafe.... until I started coming into this Green Line location.
The staff has always been incredibly helpful, friendly, funny, and nice.  The drinks are good and fairly priced.  The food is great (I stick mostly with bagels and the occasional muffin.) 
My favorite menu item is the multigrain bagel - it's nutty, flavorful, and so delicious.  I look forward to ordering it every chance I get. 
Yes, the tables are ultra wobbly (you are likely to spill your hot coffee.) Yes, it can get a bit crowded at the counter while the barista makes drinks.  Yes, people seem to park here for a few hours.  But, having said all of that - it feels like a cozy, inviting, and relaxing place to spend a quiet Saturday morning.
(I'm aware I sound a little bizarre praising a cafe, but I love it so much and I'm so happy that it's a ~30 second walk from my apartment.)I come here frequently for coffee. Their food, coffee and staff are great. However, they can't seem to stock the place with reasonable furniture. Their tables are ALL wobbly. This combined with it being way too crowded makes it a poor choice for a study or hangout spot.Very cute coffee shop in West Philadelphia. Nice amount of space and many people working and enjoying coffee and food. Major cons include:
-Unreliable wifi
-Very loud music being played (often heavy metal) 
-Very few plugs for computers
-As others have commented, staff are unfriendly at best
-Coffee drinks are okay, but not worth the price and often served lukewarmThe vegan cookies!! So good!! It's a little pricy, but you get a lot, so it evens out. I had the Mexican Chocolate, the Chocolate Chip, and the banana oatmeal cookie! I gotta say the Mexican Chocolate was the best! It wasn't too spicy, but enough so you got a little kick to your aftertaste. All the cookies were a little crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside--just the way I like it!! :)
The seitan sandwich was ehh...but I have yet to try the famous Sweet Potato Wrap. It looks like its a winner so ill have to try that sometime.
The place itself was cute, kinda small so it's a good on the go kind of place. Very friendly people too :)I used to live by the Green Line on Balti and now live two blocks from this one.  I drink coffee every day of my life.  
However, I never find a reason to justify going here, to either of them.  There is nothing cozy about it and I really think that they should be going for such a vibe.  Tables are also pretty sparse for such a large space, which also results in an emptiness that saddens me, as if I were in a warehouse.  I feel as if the entire interior could disappear overnight with the wind.
The coffee... not great.  Small portions for the price.  I feel as if I must force down the mochas and chai lattes.  
They have some novel vegan options, which is a credit to their politics and culture (and earns an extra star), but that only takes them so far in earning my allegiance.  I also need a good product.Meh. I gotta stop getting coffee from this place. I always think it's going to be better than it is. The medium roast consistently tastes burnt and bitter. 
That vegan chicken salad sandwich, though-- totally delicious. It's worth coming here at mid-day in summer for an iced tea and lunch, but the breakfast, and the coffee, are pretty lackluster.
Three stars 'cause it nearly always seems like they're playing my iTunes library through the speakers.Exceptionally RUDE customer service. I know this Green Line tends to have many people studying so I came here to do some work and to study. There were maybe about 6 other people in the cafe at the time, all of whom were quietly on their laptops or reading books. It would have all been wonderful, if it were not for the annoying 90s rap songs playing on the speakers. I kindly asked the cashier to turn the volume of the music down and he, in an extremely rude fashion, made a show of turning the volume down by ONE. It made absolutely no difference. His level of rudeness was beyond unacceptable. Needless to say, I left and will not be going again.The Green Line on Locust is a nice, big space with a strong internet connection and plenty of outlets for your laptop.  It's a good place to sit and mooch internet all day.  
Cafe-wise, though, it's mediocre.  There's not a big selection of food, and none of it is made fresh and on-site-- they just sell pre-wrapped little sandwiches and cookies and such.  The Vietnamese hoagies are decent, but not very filling.  
Most importantly, the coffee is bad.  Bad coffee at a cafe is a dealbreaker for me.  Also they tend to keep the little carton of soy milk sitting out on the counter all day instead of refrigerating it, so it usually has a funny taste.  
They do have a large selection of loose teas, which they keep in big canisters behind the counter and scoop out for you into a homemade tea-bag thing when you order a cup.  They put a lot of tea in there, so you can get a free refill of hot water and have a very flavorful second cup. 
In fact, if they marketed themselves as a tea place and didn't sell coffee at all, I'd probably give them 3 or 4 stars.  But there's no excuse for selling very bad coffee and or spoiling your soy milk.  I also find the guy who works there on weekdays to be very irritating.  He's spacey at best.  The service there is pretty dismal in general.The Green Line at 45th and Locust is so solidly a 3-star place.  There isn't anything bad to say about it.  That being said, the place could be so much better.
The coffee and food are fine but nothing that interesting, the prices are reasonable but not great, there is usually enough space to sit and chat or work, wall artwork is usually a little bit interesting, staff are pleasant, and the wifi works most of the time.  A solid 3 all around.My friend and I both want to move to Un iversity City and went to the original location on Baltimore Ave first a couple of months ago, but, have come to the locust street location the past two weekends. The first time, was Saturday - during the day and it was bustling with students and their laptops and last night - we came by after dinner in the neighborhood for coffee and dessert. I had heard this location has music on weekends and we were delighted to have music while we sipped our coffee. I think the coffee is good and it's fair trade/organic beans which is good! Also have interesting cafe fare/nibbles - lots of vegetarian choices. Open 7am -10pm M-Sa and 8am - 8pm SU. I will be happy to have independent coffeehouses in my future neighborhood!Why so surly?  I really don't know why, but no matter what I order here, whoever's at the bar seems unhappy about it.  This location is open late and has a big lovely window, so despite the mediocre drinks and whiff of pretension, I wanted to like it.  But I just don't enjoy being here.  There are nicer, warmer options all over the neighborhood and even right down the street.This spot is great for studying except when the music is too loud. Sometimes its a bit crowded but its a flexible place. The staff is always nice and the coffee's about average. I like cafes where they offer cups of water - because I tend to get dehydrated when the work load gets heavy. Location is too convenient to not keep going back.Environment: Great place to get work done. There was slightly limiting seating but fortunately it was a nice day and they have outdoor seating as well.. Inside is cozy and an intimate place to talk to others, kick-back, do work, and grab a drink.
Service: Definitely very attentive when giving you a drink. Please remember to tip them even though it's just a coffee/tea~
Drink: I'm not much of a coffee drinker so I'll speak on behalf of the teas. I've only tried their black teas once and I wasn't a huge fan. My usual is either Sencha or Jasmine. If you like very floral-smelling teas, this is definitely a good buy. It is very fragrant and even the hot water re-fills will probably maintain the flavor 3 times fully steeped.
Price: For about $2.50 with a $1 tip, I absolutely love this place.I have stopped by here before for a coffee (which has been good, solid house brew), but last night was my first time coming in to sit.
I was overjoyed at the selection of fresh fruit, and even more excited when a fresh, juicy orange and crisp, perfect apple + a large decaf green tea with ginger rang up to only $4.05. A deal in my book.
Loved that the place wasn't jam packed at 6pm, unlike many other nearby coffee shops. We got a seat easily on a big comfy couch.
Loved also (BIG PROPS) that Green Line is open late - none of this 7pm shut down that most coffee shops do.
Location is great. Love the big windows that look out onto Locust and 45th.
The one staff member that served us last night was polite, quick and pleasant. 
One downside was faulty WiFi.
I will definitely be back, though, and look forward to another amazing cup of tea.Went to the Green Line on Locust. It was ok; the coffee was decent and at a good temperature, but not something that stood out as great. They were serving Equal Exchange coffee, which I appreciate since it is fair trade. 
I thought, though, that this particular location had a sort of cold atmosphere to it. But I will definitely try to make it to the Baltimore St. location and try some espresso drinks so that I can give a better judgement.Totally overrated. Their coffee tastes terrible, the milk they leave out goes sour, the service is totally rude, and the food is mediocre and overpriced. Cafe Clave right across the street is much better, if smaller. For a real good coffee and actual good service, head down a few blocks to Earth Cup!yay for a new Green Line!  Big, airy, bright, with indoor and outdoor tables.  And wifi!  My only issue here is that there are literally 2 outlets for, oh, 15 or so tables.  Seems like this would be a high priority for a coffee shop opening this far into the 21st century.  So charge up before you go, or you may be left on the side of the information superhighway (note retro-hip terminology).
do note that this is on the corner of 45th and Locust, not 43rd.If you're vegan, this place has the best sweet snacks in the city! The cookies and brownies are amazing. All the lattes and coffees are solid here too. Not 5 stars because the prices are a bit high.The Other Green Line has since relocated to the southeast corner of 45th & Locust.  Basically, the new location covers all the cons from the previous location: there is plenty of light streaming through the huge windows, lots and lots of space that will aim to accomodate for Green Line shows, and the return of outdoor seating!  You won't be quite as awkwardly privy to everyone's conversations anymore.  And, get this: there are more outlets for yr laptops.  Hallelujah.
The space itself is simple, but gorgeous, and the selection of coffee drinks, bagels, pastries, and sandwiches remains the same as it ever was.  Which is great.
What a great addition to the corner.  I expect lots of lazy hanging out to occur here.I orderd Coffee Late, but it was cold. The place is very wonderful and the prices is very cheap !This is definitely my favorite cafe in Philly so far (moved to West Philly back in September). I actually live closest to the Baltimore Ave location but I really like the atmosphere at the Locust st. one. They have incredible coffee, really good scones, and a huge selection of everything. This is an awesome place for me to do my schoolwork. I love this place!!I usually go to the Green Line on 43rd, where the drinks are always good and people are nice. However, once in a while I opt here when I feel like doing some work, since the other location has no internet. This place is bigger, but doesn't mean better. I've never seen anyone clean tables here, so pretty much always dirty with trash all over the floor. Drinks have been made incorrectly about half of the times I've been here, even though the menu is the same as the one in 43rd! Lastly, when the only reason I come here is for internet but their internet is commonly down, it defeats the purpose of coming here. 
Overall an ok place when things are working correctly, but usually a disappointment.honestly, not my favorite coffee shop in the area. can rarely find a table, so it must be pretty popular with the neighbors, but I prefer cafe clave or manakeesh for my coffee-infused studying needs. food's okay, service is okay, basically everything is okay overall.Call my crazy, but I don't rate a place based on who hangs out there. Hating hipsters has become trendier than hipsters themselves. I guess I don't go here at hipster'o'clock, because it seems to attract all ages. College kids, the elderly and everything in between.
I drink a lot of coffee and I consider Green Line's coffee to be above average. What really keeps me coming back is their selection of vegan food. Vegan chicken salad, 'The Steve,' and the Sweet Potato Burrito... all delicious! I can't ever resist grabbing a pack of vegan cookies, which are quite tasty. My boyfriend hates coffee, but their large selection of teas appeals to him. Friendly staff!
My only complaint-- Dear Owner, get these guys a better sandwich-heater-upper! ASAP! It shouldn't take 10-15 minutes to warm pre-made food. This deters me from grabbing a burrito for breakfast on my way to work.Greenline Haiku
Surly hipsters make 
a mediocre latte;
Gold Standard's betterThe girl who worked there was very rude!!! She watched me to tip her and when I didn't do it with on my debit card, she sarcastically said "Thank you I appreciate that!". Although I tipped with cash later, and I usually tip in cash, I was really mad at her attitude! And she wasn't even the person who took my order! She was just standing on the side! The place is ok but I don't want to see her again.To paraphrase other reviewers, this place is the epitome of cafe mediocrity. A definitive example of their averageness? I once ordered a hot chocolate, and when it was served to me, it was luke warm with little unmixed balls of cocoa powder still floating in it. I live in the area, and I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would patronize this establishment when they have both Earth Cup and Cafe Clave right around the corner. The former has better tasting coffee by %1,000, and the latter's atmosphere puts the Green Line's to shame.After reading the other reviews, I must admit I didn't have high hopes for this West Philly establishment.  However, I was pleasantly delighted by the spacious layout and wrap-around glass windows.  The coffee is good, the bagels are great, and the music is typical "trendy alternative cafe" fare.  Unfortunately, the cafe never seems to become anything more than the sum of its parts; while all the necessities are here, The Green Line on 45th and Locust lacks energy or personality.  I highly recommend the cafe for studying or work, but Cafe Clave or the Green Line on Baltimore are better suited for socializing.Typical coffee shop, within walking distance of my house. 
Good: Pretty large tea selection (not just coffee, which not all shops care about), lots of seating, the staff doesn't care if you spend all day hanging out with your laptop.  They also have outdoor seating, which is great when the weather lets you use it.
Bad: It's a bit dark inside for my taste, and they close much earlier than the Green Line on Baltimore.  Also I've never tried the coffee, but everyone I've gone with says it's nothing to write home about.
Update: They now have gluten free bagels and vegan cream cheese. All the stars.All right, Other Green Line.  I like you.  I've stopped in a couple of times since you relocated, and I am pleased.  Your coffee is excellent, your seats are much more comfortable than the old ones, your patrons are mostly cool (though there is an extremely loud couple sitting across from me as I type this), and your location is totally badass.  I love the giant windows (though all this people-watching is not conducive to working - which was the whole reason I came here) and I love your fresh coat of paint.  The absence of a British man cursing my friends out over their choice of t-shirts is also a plus.  Keep that dude away, plz, and clean your bathroom a little more and I'll up you to five stars.Most of the staff members here are cranky...I feel like I have to apologize after bothering them with my order. 
Coming from a girl who is perfectly content with Dunkin, I come here when I want to splurge and enjoy a very quality cup of coffee. Very rich and bold taste that I love. 
It's crowded on weekends and you have to come early if you want an everything bagel!! But still a nice place to study (when they aren't playing angsty grunge music too loudly).Coffee is AMAZING! They also brew their own chai for Chai lattes!! 
Lots of space for work and a good mix of people.Yea, the only thing missing in THIS Green Line Cafe is the crowd. Business-wise, I don't see why a neighborhood cafe would open its second location just three blocks away. Anyway, as the other reviewer notes, THIS Green Line Cafe is right next to the laundromat where I used to do marathon laundry sessions, so it made an ideal place to hang out while my socks tumbled around.
I really like the Vietnamese hoagies, which, apparently, are not made on location but are delivered daily by some distributor. They're always spicy and delicious, and if you're on a budget, as about the day-old hoagies, which go for some ridiculous price, definitely no more than $2. The difference between the full-priced hoagies is almost indecipherable.
I sort of like the dark, more bohemian vibe in THIS Green Line Cafe (whereas Andrew R. claims it's a turnoff.) Sometimes, the bustling Baltimore Location, with its huge sunny windows, doesn't end up being the ideal place to study or read a book that everyone seems to think it is.I came here thinking it was going to be a nice place with delicious coffee, after all the one on Baltimore isn't bad. Just imagine a run-down Starbucks, offering really gross coffee and milk drinks in oversized cups. The wifi was spotty but at least the air conditioning works.
If you just like a place to sit and hang out I guess it's ok. Just don't order the coffee for heaven sakes.This used to be one of my favorite coffee shops in terms of the vibe and ambiance, but the unreliability of the wireless and snippiness of some of the employees has come to bother me more.  I wish that they'd just not offer wireless--it's like, don't serve a dish if you don't know how to cook it so that it's at least palatable.  If the wireless were a dish of food, it would be something that I had to throw out half the time, because it just doesn't work half the time.  I love community-based coffee shops that aren't just a bunch of people plugging away on their laptops, so I would support the idea of this place going without wifi.  I just resent it being advertised as wifi, and me planning coming here to use the internet, only to find I can't use it at all.
I like the ambiance here.  This place is on a corner, on a slight hill, placing the seating a bit below the level of the street.  This, combined with the big glass windows, gives you the odd but somewhat cool effect of looking up and out into the neighborhood, which is a quirky hodgepodge of nicely kept and more run-down buildings, always populated by interesting people.
This place serves good baked goods, and good tea, which is what I drink.  The tea is actually from the company Divinitea, and is pretty good; I have begun reviewing some of it, and you can find the reviews (or write your own if you so desire) on my interactive tea rating site:
http://ratetea.net/brand/divinitea/248/
Some of the employees here have been nice.  Some of them have seemed cold and detached, or snippy at times though.  I used to frequent Cafe Clave, and I wouldn't exactly call the employees warm and fuzzy people there, but I found them to be friendly on a deep level.  I never got like, a genuinely uncomfortable vibe from them.  Sometimes I have gotten the vibe here that the people seem irritated with me or with other customers, for some unknown reason--I've never seen a customer being difficult.  I don't know if there's something about the way they set up the shifts that causes the employees to become too stressed or what...but the employees here often seem run down or snippy.  I have noticed, what other people remark, about them sometimes being over-eager to kick people out before closing time--maybe it's juts giving a heads up so people have time to wrap up, but it sometimes seems a bit abrasive.  It's not what they say, it's how they say it.
One time I lost my temper at an employee here.  I'm not proud of it and it's more my issue than his, but I still think the way he was acting towards me was disrespectful; I had a not-particularly-important remark about the soap in the restroom, and I approached him about it and was very respectful and positive about how I brought it up with him, but he kept persistently interrupting me telling me he didn't have any control over it, without even hearing what I had to say.  It just seemed really rude because in like, 99% of my other interactions I've had in life in other businesses, when I've brought up a concern, people have at least listened to what I had to say, and they usually acknowledge it or say they'll say something to a manager instead of interrupting me and saying that I need to contact the management about it on my own.  I know others don't always have the same social norms for interactions, but I personally am very hesitant to interrupt a customer offering a suggestion or complaint, and the way the employee interacted with me struck me as dismissive and abrasive, and really rubbed me the wrong way.
The music is eclectic...some days I love it, other times I'm a little less excited...but it's never generic.
The wireless here is notoriously unreliable.  Some days it works fine, most days it is spotty, sometimes it doesn't work at all.  I don't know what their issue is...the signal strength is strong.  I think their router can't handle the volume of traffic in the store, personally.  But that's not my issue to work out--it's theirs--and it already hurts their business because I don't come here as often as I otherwise would.
If it weren't for the spotty wireless and my awkward interactions with some of the employees, this would probably be my favorite coffee shop not only in West Philly, possibly in all of Philadelphia.  As-is, I usually only come here to hang out, or for a break, usually if other people suggest to come here, but I don't ever come here if I actually need internet.I am a (self-imposed) homebound computer hacker.  This coffee shop is one of my few escapes in life and I love it.  For some reason they have very good bagels (not NY quality, but good enough for Philly) - also they have vegan cream cheese(!).  The coffee is super standard and consistent.  Sandwhiches are fantastic - the Steve, obviously, but come back for their rotating monthly specials!  I also recommend the goat cheese croissant (just try it).  The building is very nice with ample seating (when its not study season), big windows, and decent wifi.
The best part of this place, by far, is the staff.  While they may not have the incessant pep or faux niceness popular in other coffee shops they are very much real human beings.  Keep an eye out for tall skater guy, he gets this coffee thing done like a pro and puts a lot of love in his lattes.  If cool hair girl is working, take it as a good sign.  She's the best.  Also, don't forget blonde viking hair dude -- that hair -- I have nothing but good things to say about it.
P.S. Subpar drip coffee is common in this world... some might go so far to say that all drip coffee is subpar.  If you look at the fancy Philly coffee shops - they do pour overs.  Green Line doesn't do pour overs.  If you want a pour over, you need to go to one of the fancy Philly coffee shops and wait 20mins for a lukewarm cup of coffee.  Or you could all just jam yer yams and order an Americano (which are very good at the Green Line).
Did I mention they have like two dozen teas as well?Really cool place, the one on Lancaster and 37th, prices aren't bad, half price Sundays, coffee is always hot and the workers are really effing nice!Coffee here is good and so are the baked goods. Stuff is a little more pricey than your average Starbucks but the quality makes it worth it. Has good amount of seating, maybe 12 or so tables inside with 3 small ones they put outside when the weathers good. Crowd is usually locals that live in the area and the place can get packed during the weekend. My favorite is their cappuccino and almond croissant but I've heard less than great things about their sandwiches and stuff.I feel like a carpetbagger when I visit the Green Line because I don't live in West Philly. I used to lived in West Philly before the Green Line opened so I am experiencing it as an outsider. My boyfriend lives a few doors from the cafe so I have stopped in quite a bit. The place is usually quite crowded on weekends so I have felt nervous and skittered out of there with my to go coffee.  
I love the outdoor seating and I sip my coffee and marvel at the Best House across the street. It used to be named the Wurst House and I still think that switch is hilarious. Sitting outside and gazing at Clark Park (fenced in at the moment), I want to move back to West Philly. This neighborhood is amazing and I miss grass, trees, and the people.
I have one small request to make to the Green Line. I asked for tomato on my bagel and cream cheese and they said they don't do that. Please, help me live a fantasy that a bagel is a nutritious meal. A splash of tomato, pepper, or onion would please me.I'm a coffee snob. If you read my reviews, that's gonna turn up very quickly. The coffee isn't that great, not terrible and certainly better than the chains and at least it's cheap, but I'd still throw down a buck or two extra for a solid cup. The pastry/food selection isn't that great, although for a while they had BT's brownies which are absolutely incredible (can still find them at other cafes in Philly). They don't know how to make Chai which is always a drag. My friend orders it EVERY time and no matter what, it's always bad. Tastes like milk was poured into a glass with some residual spices at the bottom. Not good when you're expecting some spicy chai. Lastly, the services is somewhat horrendous. They always treat you like you're a dope and they couldn't care less if you tripped on your way out, hot coffee in hand. Even a tip in the jar doesn't excite them. So sad.
P.S. Looking at Neda D's review of this place, absolutely correct in saying that the vegan chocolate chip cookies are surprisingly delicious. I'd give them a shot again, for sure.One of the best cafés in Philly. Spacious, laid back, great music, excellent food. Good veg options. Get the sweet potato burrito grilled, try "The  Steve " cold. Come back often because there are always new things. And, when it's in season, the strawberry-rhubarb tart is worth traveling for.Pretty standard coffee shop. None of the sandwiches and other meals are made fresh. They all come packaged and can be heated up. They usually have Dottie's doughnuts which are great and I believe vegan. Their drinks are good, but it is usually pretty packed and the seating isn't very comfortable.I'm going to agree with everyone and say that surprisingly, the medium roast coffee is not that great. i'm sipping on a large cup right now. agree also with the bitter / watery taste of it. odd! i'm not terribly  picky, so long as i get my caffeine. so 4 stars from me. 
mostly because i did have an ABSOLUTELY LOVELY soy latte the other day, so i would say, get a latte!!!! 
and because the music is amazing. the smiths in the morning? a descendents sign beckoning you in? nothing short of awesome. but i know some people don't like that sound. i'm just happy to have a coffee place on my way to class/work that isn't playing jazz. no offense to jazz. 
Cash only. Staff are really nice.This place could be so great. But it is not. I've tried to come here multiple times, always hoping for what appears (from the outside) to be a chill hip atmosphere and a great place for doing work. Before I critique this place I will offer one compliment (and that is why I am giving it two stars): the sandwiches are really good. However, now for the bad. The reality on the inside of Green Line is this: wobbly dirty tables, overpriced bad coffee (I mean it is really bad -- I have tried espresso, hot and cold, as well as regular coffee hot and cold --- all poor experiences), and internet that NEVER WORKS. I mean never works. I don't know who Green Line uses for their internet but it never works, and the baristas hate being asked to reset it (and even when they do, it still doesn't work). This place could win me back over by: changing their coffee distributor, getting non-wobbly tables, and getting faster internet. So far, I've been at Penn for four years, and have probably come to Green Line 10 times - none of that has happened, so I have given up.This cafe has been a life saver for the past couple of weeks. I live just a minute away, so whenever I'm feeling distracted at home, I hop on over to Green Line and get on my study grind! 
I honestly don't know too much about coffee, but I've ordered a latte here a few times and never had any complaints. I've also tried their teas - peppermint tea and lemon tea - which were both very warm and soothing. 
The only complaint I have is their dim lighting (I had to use my wonderful photo editing skills to brighten up the picture I posted). I usually get here pretty late and stay here until they close (9pm on Mondays-Saturdays, not 10pm!), and my eyes start to really hurt by the time I leave. But other than that, this is a great cafe to meet up with friends or to study by yourself!This looks like it could be a great place. Positive things:
Bagels were fresh, coffee was ok, some nice veggie choices. 
Negative things: 
The guy waiting on me had long, disheveled hair, which was not pulled back and was all over the place. 
I paid almost 13.00 for 2 bagels with cream cheese, sm coffee, oj, and a plain croissant. When I got to my car and opened the bag the bagels were not wrapped in anything, just thrown in a paper bag, and 3 little cups of Philly cream cheese and a plastic knife floating around the paper bag with the uncovered bagels 
For that much money the least they could do was put the cheese on and wrap the bagels. 
I know it sounds petty but if I had time to do all that I would have ate there. It's over priced and the service is mediocre. I will not be returning. I can get bad service for cheaper at Dunkin donuts.I spend a lot of time at Green Line because it's close and has WiFi but I really don't love it. WiFi is spotty. Service is also spotty, depending on who is working that day. It's pretty pricey for the quality, especially when you end up paying $3 for a cup of tea. They do have a lot of food options, including vegan and gluten free which is nice if you need to grab a snack while you work. It gets totally packed on the weekends with grad students and some undergrads and it's impossible to find a place to sit. They also don't really make an effort to wipe off tables regularly so things can get kinda grimey.The halloumi grilled cheese sandwich was intriguing so I'm back for an update! It has this tangy/spicy/sweet jam on it which adds some interest. The everything bread/muffin is incredible. If all of the food I eat for the rest of my life could be served on that everything bread, I'd be delighted.
Enjoyed some tea over a study session, and the music wasn't so loud today! I kind of hate myself for spending almost $10 on a snack and some tea but you win some, you lose some. 
Still my neighborhood coffee shop!Just moving to West Philly, I wasn't really expecting much other than a decent cup of coffee while I walked in. The decor is bright, if a little sparse (although the artwork on the walls is quite amusing sometimes) and it had that kind of annoying hipster vibe to it.
I'm definitely a fan now, though. The coffee is OK - I've had better and I've had much much worse, but the price is right. The outdoor tables are a great place to read a book, surf the web, or just people watch. I can see where people say this isn't the most social coffee shop around, but it's perfect for settling in with a good book (or your laptop). And you're never alone in that - the place is always half full of grad students trying to study. Sometimes it's nice to just enjoy your coffee without feeling weird for sitting in a corner with a book.
And I don't understand people's complaints about the staff. They've always been super nice to me and, now that I'm in there pretty much every day for my caffeine fix, they know my order and always take time to chat.I still come here regularly and really like it because of the good coffee and nice ambiance, but boy do they need to upgrade their router. The internet goes in and out constantly so I'm often forced to leave before I really want to.I agree with the previous reviewer that the wifi here is lacking. I just want to sit and nurse a small cup of coffee while I stare mindlessly at Facebook for 8 hours while I leech off their free wifi. The least they could do is get a dependable router so I don't have to pay for internet myself at home. Why do I even bother spending $1.25 on coffee if I can't stay connected? Jeez.This is the best value for money latte I've found in this neighborhood, which is why I've been there a dozen times in the past month! The barista who is there on weekday mornings really knows what he is doing- his lattes are perfect! They also have a good selection of regular coffee as well. 
With regards to food, their bagels are super fresh, although I wasn't as impressed with the croissants. They have muffins and some ready-to-go sandwiches/salads that I haven't tried yet. There is a lot of seating to quietly sip your coffee while you browse the internet with their wifi. Overall, I would highly recommend this place- it is part of my everyday morning routine!I've been here about 10 times, and I think I have had ONE employee smile at me. The staff is quite rude and slow. It takes about 5 minutes or longer to get a drip coffee even if only 1 person is in line in front of you.  I often see employees sitting around talking while one person does everything. Additionally, the place smells like mildew. The Green Line on Baltimore is much better. The staff is much friendlier, it does not smell, and it does not take so long.In theory this place is cool in terms of the menu, the building, and the style.  In practice, the staff there has a huge attitude.  As another poster said, there is a lot of eye rolling and disrespect.  The standard in this part of Philly is friendly service, so this location needs to get up to speed.Good coffee and more space than most coffee shops in the area. Nothing particularly stood out as exceptional here, but I am not a coffee shop frequenter, either. The decor was nothing amazing either, but it was generally pretty clean. There's even a few outdoor tables if that's your thing.Slow service, not all baristas are  knowledgeable about what an espresso or cappuccino should look like. Most of all, very very pricey, but hey, it's always full of people. I guess if people have nothing better to compare it with, they accept any price.Sorry, I don't like to write negative reviews, but this place needs improvement in the following areas:
WiFi: Internet connectivity is spotty. My belief is that if your business claims to have internet connection, it should be reliable. I took a timed midterm for an online course, and as I submitted, sadly realized that my internet connection had been lost. If the professor had not been understanding about the situation, this could have been a catastrophe. 
Snippy employees: We know its really hard to deal with hipsters all day, but still treat people patiently. I remember coming up to the counter to ask a question about the internet, and the male employee yelled out the store was now closing. There were 30 minutes left until official closing, so it made me wonder if he was trying to teach me a lesson..lol.  
This being said, the food selections and coffee are tasty. I would recommend "The Steve", a spicy tofu (or perhaps Seitan) ciabatta sandwich that can be pressed. This place has great potential if it could get issues resolved. I love the layout and general atmosphere.nice place to grab a cup of coffee to go in the neighborhood. The goat cheese croissant is good too. The place is always packed.As a music venue, green line isn't bad. Saw Joe Jack Talcum/Mischief Brew on a packed saturday night. About 20 chairs set up, sat in, and another 30 or so people along the walls and in the back. You're right there no matter where you are. Sound was good. Bathrooms are clean. Not much more to say. A nice small place to see a band, etc.Turkey, bacon, and cranberry mayo. Go there. Eat one. Everyday. Snag a latte. Do some homework. Talk to Omar. Run from  OmarI'm a sucker for a good latte.  I got one here the other day as an afternoon pick-me-up.  I ordered the small size, but it came in a huge cup (!! I'm a sucker for huge cups).  I took my gigantic mug, picked up a city paper from the window and sat down to read at a small table.  It was an extremely pleasant experience.   The latte was delicious!  And say what you want about the hipster vibe, but without it, how would I have gotten to read city paper?I want to like the other green line.  It's on my block!  It's got a nice atmosphere!  The coffee is good!  The bagels are good!  But my experiences there have been awkward at best.
The last time I was in, my (then) boyfriend got cursed out by a middle-aged british dude who didn't like his T-shirt.  Even before that incident, I felt weirded out by the judging eyes of the hipsters at every table--and it takes a lot to make a girl with an orange mohawk feel out of place.  The tables are far too small for two people, and the chairs are ridiculously uncomfortable.  Everyone brings a laptop, but there aren't enough power outlets - the charge you get from the coffee will outlast that of your battery.  
But there's something about this place that makes me want to come back.  Maybe it's the colorful paper lanterns in the window and the young, funky vibe.  Maybe it's knowing that there are some cool people (like the bald vegan radical feminist who assured us that the british dude was just being an asshole)  in there among all the condescending wannabe art-school hipsters and the lonely social outcasts who have nothing better to do than hang out in coffeeshops and sneer at you to make themselves feel better.  
I doubt I'll be back in the other green line before they open their new (and thankfully, larger!) location on 46th and locust, but if I give in to my curiosity, I'm going solo - I can handle the scrutiny, but it's not fair to subject anyone else to the kind of experience I last had there.Quality, strong coffee in a jiffy. Breakfast items can be a bit pricy, but they are worth it and they have many options for vegans etc.Came here to study and got their coffee.. spacious place to study but hit or miss on finding a table depending on the time you come. decent coffee; have not tried their other stuffCoffee is decent (I've only ordered lattes), but their house-made chai mix is AWFUL. Granted, I did order it with almond milk, so that probably affected the flavor as well, but seriously, it was the worst chai I've ever tasted. Good bagels (although not enough cream cheese for 60 cents) and the packaged dairy-free/nut-free cookies they sell are also tasty.
They are understaffed, always just one person taking/making orders, so one time after waiting a few minutes I had to remind them about my bagel, which they had completely forgotten, which sucked because I was in a rush. Another time I received a lukewarm latte, and later heard the barista telling another customer that their machine wasn't working properly-not sure why she didn't tell me that when I made my order.
However, the indoor seating is nice, and the corner window view is lovely. Also, I love the group of old men that drink coffee together at an outside table almost every afternoon-it gives the place a very nice neighborhood feel. Wish they had more outlets/plugs. Cash-only with an atm inside.
TLDR; good place to sit and hang out, but the drinks & service could be better.