Place stinks like old salami. Food sucks. Bartenders are turds. Good beer, though.Still love this place but one or two of their bartenders are pretty worthless. A few times I've been there and experienced awful pours and other awkward bar service.Do you enjoy that feeling of walking into a party feeling like you are the only person uninvited? Do you get an incredible rush being "shhhhhed" when the Walking Dead is on?! Are you that person that loves feeling like an asshole when you order a drink that requires more than one ingredient? If so...boy this is the place for you! Batting a strong .000 the Institute is the perfect mix of pretentious bartenders and way over priced beer. 
This establishment is such a "must visit" that the Institute has proudly displayed the shattered window of a desperate patron trying to get into their favorite bar for over 6 months.Came here for the cider festival, was emailed that the event needed at 7 p.m.  However, they proceeded to shut the event down at 6 and a bunch of employees simply dodged our questions.  They are absolutely terrible.Do not come here.Their rotating draft list is always amazing. Great dive with great atmosphere. Food wise there's the Mac and cheese which is dynamite, sandwiches are awesome too. Bartenders always willing to let you try a beer to see if you like itHoly smokes!!! This place is heaven.   We ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with taters and what we got was nothing short of outstanding!  Small side of tots?? NOPE! You get a literal MOUNTAIN of Tots!  Beautiful , crunchy, delicious tots and heavenly buffalo chicken!  I also got the country fried streak and let me tell ya,  you ain't had better country fried steak anywhere else!  Buttery deliciousness grounded in savory/sweet mashed potatoes!  You can't beat it!  Beer - 100000000000 thumbs up!Adam and Sarah are awesome, they made the annual Pumpkin Beer Festival so much fun, thank you!!the fucking place has poutine!!! and (with nothing to compare it to other than the hype i had self-inflicted on myself) it is pretty damn good. 
honestly, it is worth to just come there have a fancy pants beer (their selection is pretty ridiculous; i am not a beer connoisseur by any means but i do like to try new things, and they have beers from all over at pretty reasonable prices $4-8+) i had the Victory golden monkey (9.5% alc) and it was delicious.
oh, i also had the crab tatter tots, which were not close to as delicious as poutine but damn good tots. i also had the tomato lager soup which was not so much (i dont exactly like tomato soups, but it had this weird, smokey flavor to it, and not in a good way). 
the decor is not bad, place is somewhat small but i went on a wednesday night so there was a couple people, everyone seemed chill, the bartender/waitress was very helpful and sweet.  there's 2 good TVs, we were watching Comedy Central (chappelle show & south park) and while i am a fan of both, i would have preferred some sports on with the sound off and music playing i think music is an essential part of a restaurants/bar experience.
overall, come here for a nice beer that you may never see anywhere else and some poutine!This cozy bar has a great selection of drinks on tap, and a really amazing menu! 
Are you allergic to cats? Then be cautious - a very friendly feline roams the upper and lower floors of this fine establishment.If craft beer is your thing than this place is a must! There has never been a time I wasn't impressed with the tap list. Best part about this bar is that it is rarely so crowded that you can't get a seat. 
The food is your typical bar food but not expensive. You can also get 6 packs to go for a reasonable price.
When this place first opened my wife and I were regulars there. The staff and owners always spoke to us and made small talk. There seems to be a disconnect with the owner and patrons now, but I still go for the beer.On a recent trip to Philadelphia, I spent several hours drinking at The Institute, and I'm truly glad I did.  We were skeptical at first, because the neighborhood didn't seem like one in which we'd turn a corner and find ourselves at a great beer bar.  But our skepticism and long, drunk walk to The Institute yielded a great find.  The beer list was excellent, the crowd was tolerable, and the service was extremely friendly and hospitable.  In fact, we had such a great time drinking good beers and getting to know the bartender/owner that we lingered quite a bit past bar-time.  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.This bar is awesome!!  I noticed it many times driving my car past the 'shady' neighborhood and wondered.."what's going on in there".  Well, I got the perfect opportunity to check it out during the CBX (craft beer express) a few months ago.  The Institute was one of the stops & I tell you they made an impression upon me that I have returned since the CBX.  
I enjoy the beer selection, the diversity of the patrons & yes--the food is good too.  I would recommend to those who like trying different beers.cat in a bar how can i complain? the service is OK, food is typical bar food and they have some fun board games. definitely on the more casual side; order your food&drinks at the bar, don't expect a hostess/waiter to welcome you. the upstairs had a nice pool table  and another bar but no one was up there... safely assuming the upstairs is closedI seriously don't get why this place is always empty. The staff is awesome, the food is to die for, and the ever-changing list of beers is always top notch. Oh, and they've got a cat. And live music. And board games. And a functioning cigarette machine. And they air Game of Thrones. Seriously, why aren't you here yet?I've been to this bar a few times since they opened but I probably wont end up there intentionally.  
I stopped in for a few drinks with friends and the atmosphere in the first floor bar was not exactly great since they had one of those pay tunes juke boxes.  The problem with it was no one was playing music since it was  a quiet night.  That meant the few people in the bar were subjected to the machine's auto-play cycle of replaying a song by Enrique or something.  That song played several times in a row but at random times.  When that jewel of a song wasn't playing the audio of the tvs would kick in.  So crap music/tv background noise.  
The beer was good but $13.50 per round for two drafts seemed a bit high for me.  The beer board had alcohol content but no prices listed so Im not sure which beer was the one that drove the price up.
I live near fishtown and have no shortage of better, cheaper, cooler places to hang.
I hope they rectify the music situation at least because that was just plain ugly.
Charlie C. has been nice enough to contact me regarding this review.  I appreciate that I misread the music situation, though the results were still unpleasant enough.  Maybe I should admit a couple things.  I want to go to a place to drink and enjoy some ambiance.  I dont like to pay for music.  If another patron does, and repeats the same song, I dont blame the bar.  If no one plays music, I dont want to listen to tv's.  In fact, I usually avoid bars with tvs but I can usually tolerate them if I dont have to hear them.  I thought most of those pay jukeboxes had a setting to randomly play music when no one payed for specific songs.  If I'm wrong, then I'm wrong.  It's still a situation I dont enjoy.
As for the beer price.  It wasn't a huge deal, just a small thing.  Apparently the beer I had was $8.50 and it was delicious!  I just don't like the idea of a bar that doesn't tell you prices up on a board.  Maybe Im spoiled.  Frankly,I do not want to be in the position to have to ask how much each beer on a menu is in order to make my choice.I finally made it to my first film club for free Ommegang beers, Zoolander, and a brand new menu.  I will definitely be making film club a priority.  The upstairs was pretty much just yelpers.  I got there at 7 and ordered my first drink, the Aphrodite, which was really good.  It's a fruit beer, but it's not overly sweet or sour.  I consumed many during the course of the evening.  I tasted some tater tots covered in pulled pork, beans, cheese, and a few other things that were delicious.  For myself, I ordered a burger.  I've been eating pretty healthy lately and couldn't remember the last time I had a burger, and boy was it worth it.  The meat was a perfect medium rare, and although there was nothing special about it, it was just a well-seasoned perfectly cooked burger.  I had tater tots on the side which were also great.  I ended the evening with a rare vos which is definitely something I'd ordered again.  This is a great local bar with great beers and great food.Don't you love Franklin the cat? He is just a trip and it's nice to have a kitten around the place, makes it feel even cozier, had a margarita and was really good, the places is relaxed, the bathroom has some graffiti and the servers are good, we had a burger that was neat for a baOMFG cats allowed, automatic 5 stars.  We toasted our first round of Cold Ridge Creek Coffee Stout in memory of Iris.  Franklin, orange tabby, now resides in her place. Goats in Rome Burger was SUPREME, as well as, the Tilapia Wasabi, er Wasabi Tilapia. Prrrrrrrfect amount of fries!!!!! This place seemed more like a bar than an institute, so do not be intimidated by it's name, it's a bar.Home to the fast growing Yelp movie club.  Its a good gathering spot for a club, like our movie club, as the bar isn't too big but still has two floors for service.
I went with the Great Lakes Brewing Company specials-Elliot Ness and the Edmund Fitzgerald, with the former being my favorite of the night. I also tried their "Hang Over" Burger (Fries+Chicken Wings), which turned out to be pretty good.  The bartender also made sure to be on top of the drinks for me.
I definitely plan to try to make it back there for another Yelp movie nightCame here during the Pumpkin Festival, so I can only rate the bar for that. I was so excited for this event, especially with the variety of pumpkin beers and special pumpkin menu. The menu itself looked amazing! However, they knew that this event would draw huge crowds. Not enough staff were at this event. Sad, I really wanted to enjoy it!
So let's see. We were a party of 5 trying to find a table. No hostess, so we basically had to find a booth or table on our own. It was about 1pm, and the place was pretty busy. The outdoor cafe was already filled with guests, and I was so jealous that they were outside in the beautiful weather! We headed upstairs, and we found a server that let us know that we could have the next booth. Each booth had a small flatscreen TV, and currently Mortal Kombat was on. While we waited, we looked at the beer menu. What a selection! There were so many good ones, but I loved the Porter and the Williamsburg. Very strong pumpkin taste. Since it was a bit crowded, we take a picture of the menu so that we could just look at the camera for when we order our next beers :) This definitely gave us an advantage since their were crowds at both the downstairs and upstairs bars.
We finally get a table, and look at the menu. Out of the party, we've ordered the bowl of gluttony, pumpkin mac and cheese, 2 classic breakfasts (pumpkin hash, french toast or pancakes, and two eggs any style), and two more sides of eggs. We were so excited to eat! Our server was Phil, and though very nice, he seemed to have gone missing for the entire time we were there. Since he went missing, we just ordered the beers at the bar. Time slowly went by, and we were still without food. Tick tock. Tick tock. Phil came to stop by, and did say that the kitchen was backed up. Of course it was, the 100 people that were there all wanted to order food!
Guess how long how food finally arrived? AN HOUR AND A HALF! We could have watched a movie between that time! *sigh* My pumpkin mac and cheese was just A-OK, but that small bowl only gave me a measly 6 bites. Other friends ate their food, but ate it grudgingly. The only highlight was the pumpkin pancakes.
Just the wait to even pay almost took as long as the wait to get our food. Not a good experience. We left our booth, and our dirty plates were still on the table. I saw another party rush towards the booth, despite the mess. (That's how crazy busy it was!)
Please, please, please get more staff to work during the Pumpkin Festival! I'd give a one star, but I rewarded another star for their extensive pumpkin beer selection.Loved the homey corner bar feel. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich with tater tots and both were very good. Cool that they had board games. Ill definitely be back soon.Happened in after taking in a movie with friends. Plenty of street parking on a Saturday night and plenty of room inside the place. Situated on the corner of 12th and Green, the space is fairly large with plenty of seating, several flat screens lining the walls (all playing Austin Powers 3 on TBS, which was oddly a great conversation piece) and some great beers on tap for a reasonable price.
We had a great time in the relaxed place, joking around with the friendly staff, chowing down on some yummy hummus (though they didn't have the pita so we got toasted bread), and great beer. Love a place you can hang out and talk in a normal voice rather than yelling over a blaring sound system. They do have a jukebox where you can pick your own tunes.
Quite enjoyable. Will definitely go back and recommend to others.Our server was attentive and sympathetic to the kitchen's lack of menu ingredients. It took my friend so long to get her mac n cheese that we finally canceled the order. The food we did have was tasty though: hanger steak sandwich, BBQ pork sandwich, plantain fritters. Great beer list. 
While this isn't a destination bar, I'd probably go here often if I lived in the neighborhood.Update: They have had food for a year now!  They've moved away from the Puerto Rican food and are serving more traditional bar food and it's pretty darn tasty!  The beer is still spectacular and inexpensive.  Definitely worth the visit to the hood!
This is a fabulous beer bar with cheap prices and a knowledgeable staff.  If you go on a weekend night the place will be busy and there is always live music upstairs.  The rest of the week is relatively quiet; a great time to watch the game, chat with a friend or meet people at the bar.  Rumor is they should have food; Puerto Rican with many veg. and vegan options in July. 
Besides the live entertainment the upstairs booths are outfitted with Wii systems.  The bar also regularly hosts specialty tastings and chocolate and cheese events.
The only downside is their location, which is mildly in the hood, but you can always find street parking and it's pretty close to downtown.A solid tap list and hearty food. They give massive proportions. The bartenders are knowledgeable when it comes to drink suggestions.This was my first time at The Institute, but from what I hear it's getting a facelift and undergoing a lot of changes. If you're one of those people who can't roll with change, this may be a turnoff for you, but I think it must be a good thing because the place looks awesome. Some highlights: there are now bathrooms upstairs, which I was told did not used to be the case, and a new staircase at the front. 
Some highlights (which may or may not only matter to me): There are Christmas lights upstairs, individual little TVs in the booths which is pretty neat and not something I've seen before, and a lovely orange cat that accepts loving ear scratches from strangers. The staff was very nice, and the food looked and smelled delicious. I regret having eaten before I came. 
The one thing that wasn't quite so awesome was how cold it was upstairs. I get it, February in Philadelphia is a bit chilly by its very nature. However, the poor bartender was in a sweatshirt with the hood up, and apologized for not being able to make it any warmer. Don't let that keep you away though - just don an extra layer and drink til you're all warm and toasty inside and out, because The Institute is a great bar.Last night, I had the hanger steak platter. If I had been blind folded, I would of thought I was at the world famous Cafe Shelburne in Vermont eating filet mignon. As it turns out, The Institute has a new chef, Kyle Grayson, a graduate of the New England Culinary Institute in Vermont. Now I can bestow 5 stars. It was sublimely excellent!This review is more about the food than the bar itself.  I've been to the bar one time and it was pleasant, with a good selection of beers - but I order food from them through GrubHub all the time now.
Amazing food.  I was craving a black bean burger one night a few months ago and happened to find The Institute - they did not disappoint!  I've ordered food from them several times now and it is always amazing.  The best black bean burger in the area, and delicious fries as well.  My boyfriend usually gets the Patty Melt and that gets two thumbs up as well.It's really the simple things in life. Maybe a few beers, a porter, a cider, a stout. Possibly a shot of whiskey. Most likely a burger with a side of tots and the burger has pulled pork, onion ring, bacon and BBQ on it. 
All if these things happened at the Institute tonight, in a 2 hr time frame, while I watched a homoerotic volleyball scene on their tv.
Why, you ask? Because fuck you, that's why!
P.s. they have wonderful new bathrooms upstairs now. Yep, that's bathrooms , plural.This place is fun. So I had never been here until the UYE Film clubs. Then I came to check out a block party on Green St and they provided my booze fuel. You gotta dig that.
Really great beer selections. All for decent prices. They have rotating taps and it's a nice mix of styles. They also host a variety of beer events and I keep promising myself to check one out.
The food is good. Gotta love a place that sells burgers smothered in chili or topped with a fried egg. The fries are nicely seasoned. I've scoped a couple other dishes that will be tried at future film clubs.
Also, the owner and the staff are really cool and friendly.
If you are scared to check it out because it's in the middle of nowhere, don't be. There is a buddhist temple and gigantic synagogue down the street; that means the neighborhood can't be that bad, right?An honest, very approachable bar in Philadelphia.  This is why I love this city.
When you walk into The Institute, there is no bs.  It's a simple place that focuses on relaxation, good beer and good food.  They aren't full of themselves.  It's a very matter of fact place.  You know what you're getting when you're walking in there.
I've been here a few times and I have never been disappointed.  Last night, we had our film club congregate upstairs for a good dose of holiday cheer with Bad Santa.  We had a choice of two beers from Southampton, the double white and the saison.  I was very impressed with the saison.  The double white was good, it's more of a summer beer in my opinion.  The Bell's Rye Stout did rock my world.  I have to have more of that beer.
For food, I had the grilled cheese and soup.  For the soup I chose their gumbo-esque preparation.  Very tasty and just what I needed on a cold night.  The grilled cheese was also very good and not overwhelming.  I have been to places that go crazy with their grilled cheese to the point where it's so rich and heavy I need to split it with someone.  Not the case here.  I was able to have the sandwich and enjoy it along with my nice bowl of soup.  
All in all, I have had solid times at The Institute and I will continue to be a patron.  Hopefully, I can make it to one of their beer events.  They always coincide with weekends that I am out of town.Checked out the institute on the night of the "lost" finale with my friend. I couldn't say what beer I tried, but I can say the "pork fries" were delicious and the portion was HUGE. My friend had a salad along with a chicken sandwich. Staff was friendly and attentive. Affordable prices and fun food. Next visit the pumpkin mac n cheese.They forgot to bring me my food! But then I got it for free .. But that is the saving grace because the tostones are terrible .. However with a dab of mustard they are ok.. Blah .. wait... actually the tostones were not terrible just under seasoned.. the sofrito sauce is what was terrible.. and that's what needed a dab of mustard. HA!
however for the sake of all the beer heads.. they do have a surprising range of craft beers... I don't drink beer but it's still a good attribute to have.. They also have cider.. which makes me happy.. ACE I think.. I'm always happy to go to a bar that has cider.. whether bottles or on tap..
this is definitely a place where you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.. because the menu and beer selection is surprising for this neighborhood bar right across the street from the ghetto chinese store haha ... 
If I lived nearby I'd probably go there more frequently ... however I wouldn't really go out of my way just to come here and drink..First review. Cool atmosphere with friendly service. Perfectly placed tv with the Phils game on behind the bar with the volume on, but music in the background. Megatouch!That's all I got, but it's the first bar I'd think to go to the next time I'm in the area.For a dive bar, the food here is very good.  It's a very laid back place so don't expect to be doted on hahaha.  Overall, good corner bar with strong drinks.STAY AWAY!!! Service was molasses slow, food was unimpressive and cold. Also, the guy next to me found a pubic-like hair in his food and the waitress/owner proceeded to curse him out on the sidewalk. I'll never be going back to this bar.So I've been here a few times. The food is eh. The service is eh.  I decided to comment now because I'm shocked that the owner would comment on someone's negative review the way he did! Instead of trying to get the customer back he told him to never come back. Doesn't seem very friendly or good for business. (See Mike D's post)
"Comment from Charlie C. of The Institute 10/2/2011      I was looking for that hair all day when you get to my age every one counts.... I was looking for that hair all day when you get to my age every one counts.  That being said every time your friend comes to the establishment with either you or other friends there is an issue.  If there was an issue every time you go to a place why would you continue to come back to it.  Also the fact that you both had hair in your food is highly unlikely. "Alright. I am a huge fan of dive bars. As someone that has been working in the industry for over a decade I can say that The Institute is one of the best dive bars in Philly. I love this place. 
Located in one of the 'up and coming' neighborhoods of Philly, The Institute has a lot to offer. The crowd is laid back, unpretentious and sophisticated at the same time. It's a great beer and whiskey bar with good prices.  The tap list is donned with local artisanal brews featuring Conshohocken Brewing company, Victory, and Rivertowne Brewing. The food menu is simple and oh so tasty. Stop by after work, have a beer and stumble home. You deserve it. 
Happy drinking Philly !Always make it a point to stop here when I'm in the city. The vege burger was spot on. The tater tots are worth the trip out.  Great selection of beers. The owners are friendly and welcoming. Just love this place.My bike was stolen by their delivery service. The person I spoke to on the phone she actually told me to "eat a bag of dicks" after refusing to help me track down the name of the thief.
These people are scum and their food is gristle.saw this place on foobooz and decided to give it a try. the menu sounded unique but the food was not really as exciting as it sounded. still it was pretty decent and i had a nice time. the beer selection was great. it was kind of a weird atmosphere because for the first half hr i was there, no music was playing. when the music finally came on it seemed more relaxed.I think I would really get into this place if it hadn't been for the weird music thing going on when I went.  There was loud music coming from upstairs that I could hear mixed with the downstairs music from the jukebox.
The beer selection is good and priced reasonably.
The food was beautifully described but blandly presented.  If the food had more flavor, I would have given 4 stars.
The staff was very nice, which is always appreciated and they should get credit for that.They have all these micro brews here... or are they now called craft beers. Anyway, after surveying the board for 20 minutes, like some confusing SAT test question, I suddenly receive a bolt of inspiration, and order a can of PBR. Nice.
The bartender is not happy with that, as his expression changes from one of beer camaraderie to one of snarky scoffing. What the???
The food here is good, fine, whatever. No problems. I like the place because it is small and quiet. Sometimes. But at other times they are doing pointless sound checks upstairs, using giant subwoofers to sweep the low frequency bandwidths, as if they are trying to communicate to aliens. And like all good 20 something bars... at a certain hour they crank up the pointless music so you can't hear yourself think. 
So get there early, order a PBR and a burger... talk to your friends, then get the hell out.I just enjoyed my first trip to The Institute to take part in the Yelp Film Club screening of Anchorman.  While I had a perfectly A-OK time, the bar itself didn't quite make me exclaim "great Odin's Raven!"
My limited exposure suggests this is a really solid local bar with a lot of loyal regulars.  I liked the two-floor set-up, the dark semi-industrial setting and the cozy fireplace.  I also really liked the precious orange bar kitty.  The bathrooms were fully functional and remained acceptably clean throughout the evening.
I ordered my first beer from the downstairs bar before heading upstairs to settle in for film club.  The service was a little slow, but I was in no particular hurry.  The draft list was solid, but not exceptional, with pretty average prices.  I had heard raves about the burgers here, so that made my dinner choice pretty obvious in the form of the Gay Cowboy option.  It was a perfectly fine burger - juicy and cooked to the requested medium, but not especially memorable.  If I had realized that the "salad" that comes with the burgers and sandwiches was just a pile of greens, I definitely would have gotten fries or tots instead :-(
If I lived closer, The Institute is the sort of place I could see patronizing regularly.  I'd be happy to come back for another specific event, but it just didn't wow me enough to be worth a ~1 mile hike for its own sake.Seriously the nicest folks! From the bartender to the cook to the other patrons, I always feel like a regular when I walk in, even though I barely make it once a year. I'd come by more often if I lived in the area but I always consider it a treat if I find myself in the position to pop in. Always a pleasure!A quiet spot on a corner. The place was empty, walked right up to the bar. The beer menu was extensive. They have a small draft list and a large fridge full of cans behind the bar. I got the Jersey Burger. Cooked perfectly, the pork roll on the burger was crispy. Spend the extra dollar and get the tots. Could not have been more pleased between the burger, the beers and the service. Not what I was expecting, if this place has a busy hour, I would wait for a table, if not, I'll just take advantage of this quiet restaurant.Great unpretentious neighborhood hangout with a wide selection of draft beer. One of my favorite hangouts. The food is great, drinks generous and the selection of draft beers enormous.We came here for Philly Beer Week and brunch.  They were understaffed- you had to order food at the bar and were told that the kitchen was backed up.  The food was okay, but we didn't get what we ordered (we didn't make it an issue since they were so busy).  The bartender was friendly, but I wouldn't recommend coming here for food.  It has a good atmosphere to sit with friends and have a drink.We stopped in The Institute for dinner and beers, after hearing good things about it. The food was great, the selection of uncommon craft beers was great and the prices were good. That's enough for me to declare the place a winner. The only complaints we had (mostly from the wife), were that the restrooms could have been cleaner and the upstairs area lacked warmth. As other have said, they did appear to be understaffed (and the bartender explained that to us upon arrival), but the folks that were working, were extremely friendly.
That being said, we had 4 great pints of beer, a tasty appetizer and 2 delicious entrees for $50. That's hard to beat in any neighborhood.Well, I feel like I just went through a nasty breakup.
Living across the street from this place, I have been a regular patron for the past two years. 
I will never go back here again. 
Looking back, I remember always giving The Institute the benefit of the doubt despite their consistent letdowns:
   *  Often being out of MULTIPLE ITEMS on their menu. I once requested 4 items on the menu and they were out OF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM... I still went back.
   *  Since I live across the street, I like to order my food ahead of time and pick it up. The Institute was consistently bad at telling me when my food would be done... I still went back.
   *  Waiting for over 30 minutes for my food EVERY TIME I was there... I still went back.
   *  Bad mouthing their competition publicly especially when their competition FAR EXCEEDS them in menu options, service, quality of food, and professionalism... I still went back.
Why the sudden change?
My friends, yes plural, both found hairs in their food. Rather than comp us or apologize profusely (which any other manager at a restaurant would do) the owners embarassed them and said it was impossible that that would happen there. 
Sometimes hair gets in food at restaurants, that is understandable. But, the way management handled it was scathy, unwarranted, direspectful, and just plain mean.
Plus, they were having a Pumpkinfest (which I bragged for weeks about to my friends), and they didn't have enough servers and the wait for drinks was unbearable.
Please folks, go to these local establishments instead. They are only a few blocks away.
Prohibition Taproom - great mac and cheese with a cool Old Town saloon vibe
Llama Tooth - friendly management, awesome menu, great outdoor seating - just a great place all around...
Silk City - great "new wave" diner with an incredible brunch menuNice local dive, with good quality food, a large tap selection, and well priced drinks. Great for locals in the area!The burger I had at The Institute last night was terrific. I had a well-done burger (I only eat red meat if it is well-done) with fried egg, bacon, cheddar cheese, and lettuce. The burger was served not on a traditional burger bun, but instead some sort of soft-pretzel style roll. Washed down with a tall, cool Kenzinger from the Philadelphia Brewing Company. Eat inside. If the Phillies are on TV you can watch them on one of several fairly large, flat-screen televisions.This is tough for me. Bar looks good, nice beer list, good looking menu, I thought my group was in for an enjoyable afternoon. Unfortunately the service in general, food execution, and inability of management to handle a delicate situation ruined the experience. 
1) When I find hair in 2 dishes my table has ordered, and show said hair to one of the owners, I do not expect the next interaction with ownership to be her yelling at another member of my party because she is friends with a competing restaurateur.
2) I know it was busy, but when a restaurant expects enough people to warrant closing down part of the street, perhaps hiring additional staff for the event would have been wise. Almost 2 hours we were there and received: 1 round of drinks, 1 plate of food (with hair). 
3) The menu looked good as I said, we ordered the pumpkin mac and cheese and a pumpkin and sage biscuit with sausage gravy. After waiting over an hour for both they arrived in cereal bowls. No silverware (an hour to bring us silverware and napkins), no accoutrement, just lumps of cold food in bowls. The pumpkin taste was not apparent in the sausage biscuit dish and the dish as a whole would have scored low at a waffle house for taste, appearance, and preparation.  At least the hair in this one was only an eyelash. Mac & cheese was also cold, the pasta was pre-al dente (crunchy) and the cheese blend was underwhelming. The hair in this dish was about an inch and a quarter, thick, black, and curly. Again, nothing was done except the plates were taken away from us, not an apology, nothing.  
If I am in the area, I will head to Prohibition tap room.Stopped by the Institute this weekend after trying to come up with somewhere that wouldn't be slammed for brunch at 1 pm and that wasn't too far from home. We arrived and took a seat at a table as the bar was pretty full.  This was a mistake since the bartender was the only server at the time. 
We had to walk up  to the bar to order our drinks and food. Also it was near impossible to read the draft selections from the tables, which is definitely not ideal when you have a good variety of uncommon brews. I really wished they had a list since I assume they also have bottles etc. We ordered our food and waited for it to come out, which it did quickly. However, I did not receive what I ordered, Cheesecake Mousse French Toast, instead I received 2 slices of plain french toast, 2 fried eggs and 2 pieces of bacon. I immediately stated that it was not what I ordered and was asked by the bartender what sides I wanted. No sides were listed on the item I ordered, a fact which he found confusing and then disappeared to the back. Being a vegetarian and someone who does not eat fried eggs the plate in front of me was pretty repulsing so I was annoyed that it was left on the table when the bartender left to sort out the issue. It was also fairly annoying that he was confused by the menu as there were only 8 or 9 items on it. When he finally came back he said "Oh I was supposed to tell you we were out of that item". Alright, that's fine but don't substitute things without asking the diner, since that completely changed the meal. I wanted something sweet for breakfast, and had ordered my beer to pair with that. I then tried to order just a side of the sweet potato fries as they were listed as an option with a few of the entrees but they were also not available. 
Meanwhile my bf has been really enjoying his breakfast sliders so I was feeling bad for having such a bad time with my order. He ate quickly so we could go somewhere else. Just as he was finishing the bartender appeared with an order of french toast. Not exactly the one listed on the menu, but something closer with thick slices of bread, cream and some cooked apples. It was a very nice gesture but I am not sure why they didn't just do that in the first place since the description said fruit but wasn't specific. 
It tasted ok, but really at that point I had lost my appetite and just wanted to go somewhere else. They also charged me half price for the french toast which again was a nice but since after they were out of the sweet potato fries I had said, "I won't have anything to eat then" I feel like the french toast should have been free. 
Others seem to really enjoy this bar, so I hope to give it another chance, maybe at dinner when there are more vegetarian options in case they are out of a lot of things again.Doing a second review of this place because I'm absolutely in love with it.
I'd like to add that The Institute hosts lots of interesting events, including Yelp Film Club.
Tuesdays: Blue grass improv jam that's open to anyone with an instrument.
Thursdays (monthly): Detroit techno party.
And a variety of beer tastings and parties throughout the year. 
I just love, love, love this place. It's not only a cool bar, but a low key gathering spot.dive-ish bar.  Short but tasty beer menu.  Decent gastropub food, and an attentive bartender.Excellent food. I had a grilled-portobello mushroom salad and was surprised that it was full of crisp, fresh greens. I promptly ordered a second one. My friends' dishes looked great as well. The bar might look very plain, but the food is exceptional.I stopped by with a friend for a couple beers on a Monday night. The bartender was super friendly and brews tasty.  I haven't gotten the full vibe yet, so I'll write another review after another visit.  But so far, I liked it enough.I've only been to the Institute twice, and both times were for the Awesome People's Film Club (Film Club UYE), but I am certain that was enough time to let me know this place rocks. Similar to your neighborhood corner bars with it's average sized downstairs, but it shatters that mold with it's outstanding selection of brews (don't know if they have the generic domestics, though who wants a Bud when you can get down on some Smutty Nose) and the more spacious upstairs filled with personal TV booths/ Wii stations. Owners, bartenders, and bar cat are very friendly and made me feel like I was a regular both times I came in, even showering me with gifts of hats, shirts (both left behind, a pitfall of the pumpkin beer), and multiple free lap dances (that cat has some nice moves). 
On both of my visits I tried the excellent pulled pork sandwich, which came with fries, but next time I plan on ordering the fries with pulled pork as well. Yeah, it's that good. Pork had a nice sear to it before being pulled, which added some extra crisp to the juicy tenderness, and the mango BBQ sauce was surprisingly good (sort of reminded me of boneless spare ribs from Chinese places, but waaay better). The healthy portion of fries that come with the sandwiches are fresh cut and perfectly seasoned, so don't be shocked when other diners attempt to distract you and steal your surplus. 
Looking forward to my next sojourn here, though hopefully that time I'll go home with everything I am supposed to, like my umbrella, free gifts, and a good portion of my post-film-club-departure memory (missed my bus so I returned for one more pint, which became two more pints, one more missed bus, then two more beers and a cab. Good times).I've been struggling with how many stars to give the Institute, and finally settled on 2.
I was there last night for the after party of the Tweed Ride. I understand that we were a large group to accommodate, and service was proportionate to the size of the group. I can't complain there.
The beer list is nice, the menu is fine. The servers are nice, as well.
The reason I'm giving it 2 stars (it started out at 3, mid-evening) is because it was after at LEAST an hour (after being told a half hour) of waiting for my food that I finally decided to cancel it. I understand that it is not the servers fault. In fact, he deducted the appetizer I got from the bill, which was very nice of him. This was the kitchen's fault.
Let me explain:
The other Tweed Riders and I arrived around 4:30/5. We all got drinks, several got food. There were maybe 4 or so pumpkin macaroni and cheeses that I saw (and decided I wanted because they looked so good). Sure, there were other meals ordered, but not nearly an unreasonable amount for a large group. The kitchen seemed capable of producing these items.
A few hours later, around 6:45ish, I ordered my macaroni and cheese. The server told me that the kitchen had run out and it would be about a half hour. Fine. We were waiting for people to show up, and with ordering an appetizer in between, I could wait. I really wanted that mac and cheese.
After about 45 minutes, I started to wonder. The server did check back every once in a while in the kitchen, but for one reason or another, it would always be about 5 or 10 minutes more. After probably another 20 minutes or so, I decided to just forget it. Everyone else was done eating (meanwhile, after attempting to order certain items and being told that the kitchen ran out, my companions also had to change their orders), and we had been sitting around waiting for mine for a good long while.
The Institute really needs to work out the kinks in their kitchen. Why it would ever take over an hour to make macaroni and cheese is just beyond me. I could make the same thing at home from scratch and it would take me 20 minutes at MOST. I understand there usually isn't a large crowd, but seriously. If you have a menu, you better be prepared to serve the items you advertise in a timely manner.Everything here seems simultaneously full of potential yet disappointing.
The beer list is usually good, but there's only one place to read it - a dark, small chalkboard. Seems that people seated anywhere other than at one end of the bar aren't privy to that info. When I went last, it was difficult to see what price each beer was supposed to be. Happy hour prices are a vaguely advertised mystery.
The location is great. It's a spacious corner property with bike parking and lots of street parking, but the space feels haphazardly furnished, like someone threw a couple of church pews chairs into an empty hall with some tables and added a bar at one end as an afterthought. The lighting is nice for a cozy bar atmosphere, though.
They have outdoor seating and serve food, but the service is incredibly spotty. Bars shouldn't try to be restaurants if they're not interested in good food and have a way of delivering it to tables. The nachos I tried a couple of months ago were barely passable. I've been spoiled by the Cantina for too long, it would seem.
"Eehhh."Quite possibly, my favorite bar in Philly. I have come here numerous times under the guise of Yelps Film Club and have come to know the owners, Charlie and Heather as friends. They have always been welcoming to our group of movie nerds ( i suspect because they are ones too). But strip away their involvement with Film Club and you have a pretty great bar in general. 
The food is well above average and actually touches some of the best eats in the city. They do wonders with all forms of fried potatoes, from poutine to tater tots. Ive had a few of their burgers , which were all a drool inducing experience ( although I realize that I dont like PB and chocolate paired with a burger-personal preferance.) On my latest trip, I finally tried the pulled pork. It was up there with the best ive had especially getting it with gravy instead of BBQ sauce. A revelation!
There is always an ecclectic mix of craft beers on tap and this is where The Intsitute really shines. Charlie really knows what he is doing with his draft system and beer choices.I am almost spoiled at being able to try his beer specials during Film Club. Not to mention the great bartenders slinging those suds. Mark really stands out as one of the best in the city.
I suspect that Union Transfer will help spread the Institute love, in this part of the city. Its the perfect spot to hit before and/or after a show. This is exactly what I did before seeing comedian Rob Delaney. Although, I guess you just have to deal with whatever kind of crowd, that the particular show brings in. In this case, it was suburban brats, many of whom looked like they stepped right out of an 80s movie as the perfect yuppie villians. I had to hold back groans as they complained that they couldnt get their beloved Miller Lites. These people should buy into less of the shitty commercials and gimmicks and actually try the fantastic beers that the Intsitute has to offer. To Marks credit, he handled these beer midgets, with the diplomacy of a seasoned politician. I was impressed.
So make sure you hit up The Instituteas soon as possible, so that you can say that you hopped aboard before it was cool.We came here for a happy hour to see some friends while we were in town.  I'm not a beer drinker, but my husband is.  He ordered some flights to try all the different beers they had on tap and said they had a good selection.
I stuck with my usual rum and coke and got a burger.  They have really good tater tots.  It was a nice chill place to hang out for a few hours with friends.Just thinking about this bar makes me smile! Anytime I go down to Philly I refuse not to go to this one of a kind bar. In the middle of a semi-ghetto yet you wouldn't know while inside. The clientele is about as varied as the great beers! Seriously ,the customers are young, old, white, Spanish, black, smart, dumb, heterosexual, homosexual...everyone is covered here and everyone gets along inside! Next to the beers, this is why I love the place so much. I've been there so many times and have never seen a fight or even really a heated argument with any of the customers, bartenders or owners. 
The food is random is well! I believe its a mix of Puerto Rican and American "bar" food. The pork fries are of course awesome and the hanger steak w/ goat cheese is something out of a NY steakhouse. A lot of people don't realize this but they will make you French toast sticks anytime of day....they are prepared out of this world. 
Reading other reviews I'm impressed but not surprised that the owner takes the time to respond and tries to contact anyone that didn't enjoy their time there. I've met him a few times and he always...always leaves the impression on me that he is tremendously happy for my business. 
This place just has such as good/happy vibe to it and they back it up with great food and a beer selection great than that of a bar twice the size. 
I wish I was there right now talking to random people, eating, and of course...drinking some barley-wine beer.First I will say, I am a "beer snob" and this place is a diamond in the rough.  We have been several times for happy hour, which is one of the few happy hour deals left in the city (being from NH where cheap good beers are $2.50 this is true).  Recently, I took my parents, from out of town, and our food was taking a little time.  The owner brought out some hummus and bread for us to snack on (gratis) while we waited...problem solved, we were happy as clams.  The food has always been above expectations - burgers, mac and cheese, appetizers - all good, although the salads look a little skimpy for the price but who's ordering greens anyways.  Overall, this place gets busy sometimes, and you may have to wait a bit, but they make you feel like family and the beers are good, the food is good, the people are friendly.  This is a great place to try if you're looking for a neighborhood joint to just sit back and relax at - plastic outdoor tables, good beer, good food, no frills - just a nice place to meet people and enjoy good brews.This neighborhood bar has a great vibe & good taps.Kind of a hip, but divey atmosphere. Loads of unusual craft beers on tap (the selection changes often). Good food. Also, it's a few blocks from Union Transfer, so it's a good place to have dinner or a couple of drinks before a show.Went to Fruit Beer and Cider Festival.   Horrible.  Advertised 80 fruit beers and ciders.  There were about 12.  Advertised food trucks nowhere to be seen.  Food from bar is greasy fried crap.  This place is to be AVOIDED!I like this place. I really, really do. And before the pumpkin festival I would have given it 4 stars, but it was not without issues when running a large scale event. I would still highly recommend it on any random night though. 
The good: they have a great tap list. Only about 16 taps, but really interesting stuff I don't get many other places, both local and not. A few bartenders care about beer, while a few are just okay/not super knowledgeable.
The food! The food is also good. I've had the most awesome tots, but the veggie version, since I don't eat meat. Super good, and I don't even like tater tots! I can only imagine the pulled pork version is to die for if you like that sort of thing. I'd love for them to add a veggie burger, though. 
Okay, so onto pumpkin fest. 
First: The buffet was good. I especially liked the frittata and pancakes, and that they had a good amount of veggie options. My husband said the bacon was really good. But the line was loooooong and the buffet was placed in a corner upstairs, which was hot and made it really awkward. I really think they should put the buffet on the sidewalk, and then when they take it down, switch it over to the lunch food (which was for purchase separately). Like, I waited in line for at least 30 minutes each time I got food. Also, part of this was because they would run out of popular items and people would wait for them to be refilled.
Second: the beer variety. They had a ton of outside tables and an outside truck pouring beer, as well as the inside taps, but they claimed they'd have 80+ beers and they had less than half at any given time. And when the brunch crowd arrived at 9am they didn't have any of the taps outside set up yet. Plus, they had the same beer on both the upstairs and downstairs taps. I get they wanted to replace things as they ran out, but when I left around 3, there were lots and lots of beers that had never appeared. Now they did put some popular beers, like Pumpking, on early in the day, which was nice. But there was no list of alllll of the beer they had, what was coming up next, or, hell, even what was on tap at that moment if you were upstairs or at the tables outside. Pretty disorganized. They also claimed they'd have Pumpking and something else served out of large pumpkins, but I never saw that. 
Third: the restrooms. They waaaaaay underestimated the amount of restrooms they would need for this crowd. Seriously, any event calculator will let you put in the number of people (they sold all advance tickets, so they knew) and then magically tell you the number of bathrooms you need. Hint: for hundreds of people, it's more than 5. In fact, I believe the rule is one restroom for every 30 people. By 1:30/2pm I was waiting in line for the restroom for over 30 minutes. We were joking that it was worth it to get another beer and then just get back in line for the toilet. And there were no women vs. men rooms. The "extra" bathrooms they had were super basic porta-potties and that line was just as long. I will GLADLY pay $5 more per ticket if you get those fancy trailer restrooms with running water and at least triple the number you get next year!
Now, it didn't feel crowded. We got a table downstairs and camped out there the whole time, from brunch until 3ish. It actually cleared out a bit around 11am, when brunch ended, and until at least 1, there was a lot of room around the bar. So I don't think they necessarily over-sold, they just didn't know how to accommodate a huge group. 
Oh, and the WORST part: They wouldn't give you water. I understand they didn't want to 1) run out of pint glasses or 2) risk glass breaking or 3) make the bartenders spend time pouring water instead of beer when everyone was getting tasters of beer, but, frankly, it seems dangerous and just... a very poor idea to not give water out to people who are drinking alcohol on a warm day. They were instead charging for water bottles. Again, I will GLADLY pay $5 more per ticket if you hand out free water bottles next year. Or, hell, rent a ton of those office water coolers and have those set up sporadically outside with cups and trash cans next to them. 
I did have a lot of tasty pumpkin beers, and I like the tasters this year, but I'm not sure I'd do this event again unless these issues are addressed.
But if you go here on any given night before 10pm, it is dead! Pleasantly so. I don't know how they're still in business, but I'm glad they are, because it's a nice place to relax and have a beer.The Institute means a lot to me because of what it has done for the surrounding neighborhood.  When this place first opened, they had to deal with the previous owner's clientele of riff-raff that would come in to drink 40s and eat Chinese food from containers that they bought across the street.  Charlie and his wife Heather cleaned the place up, improved the draft list by featuring all craft brews, and installed a kitchen.  
Now The Institute is a destination and it brings people to West Poplar from all over the city.  If you ever get a chance, come to the block parties they throw like the Fruit Beer Party in the Summer and the Pumpkin Beer Party in the Fall - the best street beer festivals around.  The beers that Charlie and Heather acquire for these festivals are from literally all over, and there is something for everyone.  It gives you a unique opportunity to try around a hundred beers in a great setting.
The Institute's menu is very good, and they even added a brunch menu recently.  My favorite item is the Most Triumphant Tots, a loaded tater tot meal with pulled pork, jalapenos, salsa, cheese, and bacon.  For the vegetarians out there, like me, substitute the pork and bacon for some crispy seitan bites - outstanding!  The menu is vegetarian friendly without excluding meat-lovers.  I have been told that the burgers are very good, too, especially the Institute.
Although I am regularly found at the Institute, there is still a bit more room for improvement before I would grant it 5 out of 5.  I would like to see more sports featured on the TVs (the bar has several).  I think Charlie is not a fan of sports, and it's his place so his rules, but I would love to have a place close to home that I could walk to and enjoy a Phillies game during the week or maybe a Penn State game on a Saturday, in a cool environment like the Institute.  The clientele the Institute attracts doesn't strike me as very enthusiastic about sports, so Charlie may know more than I do.  But I do feel like sports is a cash cow, and if you have a few special events around it you could attract a crowd that doesn't normally come otherwise while still not scaring away your regulars.  
Other than sports, I might also suggest that the bar incorporate more session, wheat, and saison beers.  They pay a lot of homage to fantastic IPAs, stouts, and barleywines, but sometimes I have trouble finding a beer that my wife can drink, and it keeps us from staying as long as we'd like to.  I love a good 9% ABV, but the Institute shouldn't be afraid to stack them up against more 4-5% styles as well.
Overall - a great bar that's getting better everyday with fantastic ownership and friendly service.I'm shocked I haven't written about the Institute, because I've been here tons of times.  
There's a lot to like about this bar:  It's close to work (for me).  It's got a chill atmosphere and is never too crowded.  The beer list is good.  The happy hour is every day of the week and features $2 off drafts and half priced apps.  Most importantly, the Institute is always improving.  The bar has expanded along with the number of draft lines, and the kitchen has always been experimenting and getting better ever since they started serving food.
I also finally had dinner here, and the burger is delicious.  I'm pretty judgmental when it comes to cheese burgers, and the Institute was impressive.  It was perfectly cooked to order, the meat was juicy and flavorful, and the toppings and bun are good quality.  All of these are essential for a great burger.
I'll continue to hit up this joint and look forward to seeing how they improve.  Maybe Quizzo?I've heard a lot of good things about this bar since it opened a few years ago. Unfortunately, i didn't experience anything good. 
We were here on a Thursday evening hoping to play some video games. When we tried to go upstairs the bartender firmly told us, "There's nobody up there" prohibiting us from playing any games.
The beers were pricey- $6-$7 and they didn't have any Yuengling on tap--a travesty in my opinion. 
We ordered a few beers and the spinach and artichoke dip. The dip was okay- and the portion for the dip was pretty big but they only gave us maybe 10 tortilla chips and 1 soft pretzel. Therefore, we had much more dip than anything to dip it in. Additional chips were $3 according to the menu.
We found the bartender to be really rude and cocky. We were obviously not one of his "regulars" and because of this were treated like sh*t. 
I'm glad that they had board games for us to amuse ourselves but other than that there were no positives.
I don't think we'll be returning.My friends live next door to the Institute and that's really the only reason why we go here. We know the owner, the bartenders, the DJs, and the doorman so it's always comfortable and friendly. It's a very chill bar and whenever we go, we know that we will run into other friends or sit at one of the tables by the window and motion for other neighbors to come in and have a drink with us. It's a true locals bar and on nights when there's really nothing to do, we'll come here and  it's like having the whole bar to yourselves. The prices are right, the selection is good and they even have a whiskey bar upstairs which is also conveniently located next to the dance floor. Come out for Solid Good Times every Saturday!You are getting 3 reviews in one here!  My buddies and I went there Friday night and no too crowded.  Very nice beer selection.  Hamburgers seem to be there specialty.  My one friend had the burger topped with blue cheese and gave it 4 stars.  Shoe string fries along with that which were very good.  Friend #2 had the blackened chicken and salad.  Again, very good and salad was very good dressing.  I was in mood for appetizers so I went with Empanada and chicken tacos.  Both very good.  All in all, 4 stars.  
Staff very friendly.  Would go there again.What a great place.  It's such a low-key, homey-feeling place, yet the menu is fabulous!  
Excellent selection of beer that is always changing, and the staff is great.  Charlie always hooks it up for Yelp film nights.  I wish this bar were closer to me!  It's a little off the beaten path, but well-worth the trip.
I had the spinach artichoke dip the other night, and it was delicious, served with crispy freshly fried tortilla chips, and a pretzel on top...soft AND crunchy...  The rest of the menu has some new additions too, I suggest you stop in and try it out!The Institute is truly great. My boyfriend and I go there quite often because it has everything we want in a local bar. Every dish we've ordered off of the menu has been exceptionally delicious, as well as innovative. My favorite being The Most Triumphant Tots, and the Pumpkin Mac and Cheese. The beer selection is also thoughtfully curated and diverse. Also, I'm a sucker for Franklin, the sweet orange kitty that loves to nestle by the fireplace!The Institute is one of those places that genuinely surprises me.
* Tiny neighborhood bar? Surprise! There's a huge second level with tons more seating.
* I'm gonna hafta walk through the ghetto to get here? Surprise! There's an abundance of free on-street parking right out front.
* Average Joe beers? Surprise! This is a craft beer bar and they're not messing around. The monthly beer events bring in some great hard-to-find options in addition to the regular list.
* Just another place to watch the game? Surprise! There are Wii consoles at every booth upstairs (as well as lots of TVs, in case you DID want to see the game). It's not over-the-top loud either, making it perfect for chiling with friends.
* Typical deep fried bar food? Surprise! Their menu options are crazy and pretty damn good. This omnivore devoured the veggie burger, and the pumpkin mac & cheese is a real fav (order it at your own risk; however, that particular item is notoriously hard to get for whatever reason). I've heard wondrous reports of the pork fries and sandwiches as well. 
The Achille's heel (Chris R., 2009, all rights reserved) of The Institute is their waitstaff -- or sometimes lack thereof. It's still a pretty new bar and they're obviously working out the kinks, so hopefully soon they'll work out some way to manage the crowds. It's frustrating when orders get lost or only half your group gets their food/drinks at a time, but I must say the staff has been exceptionally kind in correcting any mistakes. All in all, this place is definitely a very pleasant surprise.Ok I really really like this place, the bartenders are awesome, the place is such a great atmosphere, they cater to us Yelpers and our movie night and the have such a cool cat that hangs out. 
They have an amazing beer selection, and a ton of liquor options. They also have their menu identify VEGAN, VEGETARIAN, and GLUTEN FREE! I have tried quite a few things and everything has been really good and I have seen that everyone else really enjoyed what they ordered.
From what I understand, the Tater Tots...Macho...or Massive Tots...(can't remember the exact name, but you will know it when you see it).. is AWESOME!
My one thing....Don't get the nachos - tiny portion...whamp whamp! 
But I will be back....This bar is not in the trendiest area of Philly and quite frankly, it looks pretty damn seedy from the outside.  I had heard great things, though, so I knew I needed to check this place out.  I'm so glad I did.  They have a nice mix of draft beers and the bartender, Mark, gave us some awesome recommendations.  We got here just as they were finishing up quizzo and ordered hummus and tater tots to go with our drinks (this was definitely a winning combo, in my book).  The menu was bigger than I expected and our portions were fairly large.  Never judge a book by its cover.  This place rocks.  Apparently they do a "film club" viewing on the second level every so often.  I'm looking forward to coming back for more tots and good beers.Great beer selection, of course!  They bring in some really special beers, plus they have a nitro tap, and really come up with creative events and reasons to drink fine suds.  Food is really good, and a great no-wait spot for brunch on weekends.  Fine bloody marys, too.  Occasional bluegrass bands are a big plus.   Lots of props for locating in a fringe neighborhood, which makes going here interesting but on the other hand, may make it a bit more adventurous than one might like when you have to park a few blocks away.