Go for HH. Excellent happy hour drink options. Wings are tasty but tiny. Great service.Great restaurant. I went there with a living social deal and it was an amazing deal. Since my sister and I had dessert waiting at home we asked if we could substitute our desserts for salad and they were totally fine with it. So for our living social deal, we got a bottle of wine, two entrees (she got the chicken pot pie and I got the Reuben and it wasn't a greasy, soggy mess like they usually are), two house salads which were great, nachos, and the appetizer mussels.  Everything was delicious and they have great prices even without the coupon we had. I'd definitely go back.Have enjoyed all of the food I've tried at the Bards, so far, as well as the beers!
Stopped in on a Tuesday night, however, to take advantage of the $9 Guinness Stew special, and was charged $13.  Asked the waitress and she notified us that this was no longer a special (discontinued two weeks prior)......even though it was still listed as a special on their website.  Would have been nice to know this ahead of time, and to make their patrons aware of the change, even though the stew was very delicious.Absolutely the best chicken tenders in Philly. Coming from someone that's not a big fried food eater, we order them every time we visit The Bards - hungry or not. Food menu consists of flatbreads, sandwiches and a few entrees, but even though it's a little thin everything is really good. They have a good selection of beers on draught ranging from lagers to the seasonal favorite, Mad Elf. 
Definitely a fun vibe, wait service is attentive and accommodating of large groups and strange requests/substitutions. And trust me, if you know my sister you should believe what I say about substitutions, haha.I heard this placed is named for the establishment that Shakespeare frequented, but few know that he was actually not welcomed at the pub. That's right, he was barred.  (Get it? barred?! BARD?!?!) 
I just couldn't resist. Feel free to use that at The Bards. Seriously, it's a great line.Up to about six months ago, I lived two blocks from the Bards, and it was my go-to laid-back Irish pub (not to be confused with the Irish Pub two doors down). I hadn't been back till last night, and was reminded how much I missed being so close. 
The Bards has everything a good Irish pub should have: Guinness, darts and great bartenders. The place is spacious enough to accommodate large groups, but manages to still feel warm and cozy on a weekday night. If you get bored with your companions, you can always check out the wall of all things Irish, and brush up on your minor Irish poets. 
But, one word of caution - the dart board is right next to the bar. If you are going to play, just make sure you are in a state to be precise, or you may risk impaling the person seated at the bar.The bards is a great place to grab a few beers, some bites, and maybe even throw some darts. They have happy hour, even on weekends, which is always appreciated. At three dollars for craft beer, you can't beat it. Our waitress was very nice, and after asking her whether one of the items was vegan, she came back later to make sure to let us know that fries were made in the same oil as everything else.  It was thoughtful. 
I've always had a good time here, and it doesn't get overly crowded with an obnoxious crowd on weekends.Cheap beers and large tables. The atmosphere is A-OK and pretty quiet.The Bards has great brunch! Went there this past Saturday with a group of friends after a big night out and it was just what we needed. I ordered the eggs benedict and added Irish ham to it which was a great decision. The home fry potatoes that came on the side with onions and peppers were absolutely perfect. If you're in to bloody marys they have a great mix here! Yum!
Bards is also a great spot to grab some beers for a sports game or for Thursday night Quizzo. All around great Irish Pub that puts its next door neighbor THE Irish Pub to shame.Literally saw multiple large roaches when I used their restroom and their glasses had marks on them from people who previously drank from them. So gross. Never going here again :(Great chill pub.   They have a limited beer selection but they definitely carry the best selection and seasonal beers.   I enjoyed the Spaten Ocktoberfest.   For food I only got the appetizer Guiness Brie, which was Brie with pita and mixed berries.  It was just perfect to go with a few beers.Cheap beer, plenty of seating, decent bar fare.
A waiter named Alexander single handedly made the experience pleasant and easy. Thanks man.Came here for some Happy Hour action recently. It's your typical tavern bar; dark mahogany booths, low lighting, background music and a billion types of beer to choose from. Nice place to sit and get some conversation in while boozing, which is a plus that some other places in the neighborhood (cough cough SMITH'S) fails to offer. Great selection of IPA's and Pale Ales. 
We came on trivia night without even knowing it. Although I was a bit faded from the drinks and unprepared and take trivia VERY seriously, this is something I will definitely come back for..and in better shape. and I will win.
Reason for three stars, you ask? I just didn't leave with that warm and fuzzy feeling. This place is pretty standard and I'd be more inclined to try something new before venturing back here in the near future. Trivia is always a plus, though. I think it seems like a cozy wintertime bar, which is when I may begin frequenting this place more often.A year or two ago, I would have to give 4 stars.  They must have changed chefs, because I use to find the burger excellent.  The burger went down a notch, not that its terrible, but now there are onions in the meat, which is a pet peeve of mine, because onions belong in steak tartare not a burger. The quality of beef used to be good. I don't know if stop using Angus and just regular beef now.
Despite the decline in quality, the other things remain good like the cozy atmosphere, the good beer selection, the darts and the jukebox.  If you are going to just get drinks and play darts or watch the sport game, its a still good place to go to, but the burgers, what happened?stopped in recently for a tequila on the rocks. 1 1/2 ounce measured pour. seriously!! no value there for me. I guess I'm done with this place.I went because I had a Living Social deal for a 3 course meal. The server was incredibly friendly and awesome. The food was bad. I would guess it's a great place to come and grab a beer, but I don't recommend the food!Great happy hour (5$ wines, 3$ domestics, etc.) and had excellent service! Loved the atmosphere and wasn't so packed that you couldn't get a drink... Will definitely be back to try one of their many craft beers during happy hour!I only came here for lunch on an incredibly hungover Saturday afternoon.  So I cannot speak for the nightlife here.  The restaurant was empty, which generally means beware, but I was definitely very fat and happy by the end of my meal.
The burgers were great, the fried mozzarella was awesome and the wings were delicious.  I could probably live off these 3 items for the rest of my life if would not mind becoming so fat I'm immobile.The Bards is now our absolute fav bar.  About 7 months ago they hired a new chef and now the food is fantastic too.  There usually is weekly chef specials which is a must to try. Regular menu includes great burgers, handcut fries, shepherds pie and more.   They also now have small plates...  sliders (3 types), pretzels, chicken wings  (which in our opinion are a lot better than Moriartys) just to name a few. Guinness is always fresh. Large beer menu. Now also a draft special with purchase of entrée. Always super clean bathrooms, darts, couple of table games, and Touch Tunes. The new GM, Colin has really made The Bards into a fantastic pub!!!amazing happy hour deals (drafts, and craft beers!) the food is okay (i prefer the wings at new deck), but if you're east of the schuykill, bards is a better pub than the irish pub (next door). the servers are irish and it feels almost divey, but in a clean, nice wooden benches kinda way.I went to The Bards on the Sunday after Thanksgiving specifically because they were advertising a gluten-free menu. As I continue to find more and more gluten-free options in Philly, this place stood out for one reason: their menu said that they offered onion rings. I've been unable to eat gluten for over six years now, so it's been at least that long since I've had onion rings, one of my favorite fried snacks from my former gluten-eating life.
Their gluten-free menu had a surprising number of options considering bar food generally features many fried items. Apart from the aforementioned onion rings, there was a hamburger, fish and chips, soup, a chicken dish, and pizza made with a Still Riding crust (a popular brand of gluten-free pizza crust), among other things. I, of course, went with an order of onion rings, which I split with my friend, and a hamburger for myself.
When the onion rings came out, I could tell immediately that they used only gluten-free baking flour without a stabilizer, such as xanthan gum. The fried crust was barely clinging on to the onions due to the lack of gluten (this is where a stabilizer would help, as it acts as a replacement for gluten and helps bind everything together). While the onion rings were somewhat crispy, they were incredibly bland. 
Gluten-free baking flour tends to have a noticeable taste to it due to it being composed of various types of flours (usually beans, rice, tapioca, etc.). Mixing some spices into the flour before the onions were coated would have helped immensely--in fact, I thought this would have been done regardless of whether or not the onion rings were gluten-free. Why would you deep fry something without adding any additional flavor to the flour? Though the menu stated that the onion rings were also beer battered in The Bards' signature gluten-free sorghum beer, I couldn't tell. It was all texture and no flavor. The dipping sauce they provided was decent, but I asked for some ketchup instead, as I've always been a fan of onion rings in ketchup.
A few minutes after we finished our appetizer, the main platters came out--my hamburger on a gluten-free bun, with sweet potato fries, and my friend's fish and chips (once again fried in the gluten-free baking flour). The hamburger itself was quite tasty and juicy, but I had a major issue with the bun. I don't know what brand of bun they use, but it was soggy and rubbery, as though the burger had been sitting on it for ten minutes and it absorbed all the juice. A toasted bun would have worked much better. The whole thing was actually a bit of a physical challenge to eat because I had difficulty biting through the tough, soggy bread.
The sweet potato fries? They were okay, but as with the onion rings, they seemed to lack any sort of seasoning whatsoever. Even some salt would have helped a lot. I had a taste of my friend's fish and chips, but they, too, suffered from a lack of stabilizer and spices in the flour. The tartar sauce provided was quite nice, though, and helped mask the taste (or lack thereof).
I didn't try the gluten-free beer option that they offered, as I don't drink, but I did appreciate that they specifically noted on their menu that it was available.
I absolutely applaud The Bards for having a gluten-free menu--I can't stress this enough. While there is plenty of room for improvement in the quality of their offerings, I am extremely appreciative that they're at least trying. Many restaurants in the city offer gluten-free food, but you'd be hard pressed to find another bar that offers as diverse a selection as The Bards. While the meal I had didn't inspire me to return here anytime soon, I'm hoping that they'll continue to try and find ways to improve their gluten-free items.
I would suggest they start at their spice rack.Friendly, laid-back, chill bar. A stark contrast to the next door irish pub douche bag demographic. Go here to hang out with a few friends, knock back a few moderately priced beers and watch an episode of Cheaters where a husband gets in a fight with a naked male stripper. Easy to make friends with fellow drinkers if you sit at the corner of the bar. One of my favorite bars in town.Bards is a low key bar that has good bar food and drink specials.  Bards usually doesn't get packed and you can sit comfortably at the bar or with your friends at a table.  My favorite part is that Bard's has two dartboards so you can play a game of darts with your friends. The bartenders are also nice and the service is pretty good as well.  Their happy hours are great with half price apps and drinks specials on wine, beers, and vodka. I usually have the chicken wings and nachos... yummy!Good beer selection, and a nice atmosphere.  Good spot to go with some friends, grab some food and catch up.  Never gets too packed, but it's always fun.Good bar, nice area of Philly, good people, fun trivia night. Nothing much to discount them on (usually only give 3 stars when something was disappointing to some extent which I didn't experience)The Bards is a great Goto or Home Court for people that like to keep it REAL and live in the Rittenhouse Area. The Bards is not a Sports Bar Trying to be Irish. It's a Real Irish Pub with all the laid back friendly comfort that goes along with it. If you want a real Guinness not only do they have it on tap but they will pour it correctly. They also have really good burgers cooked the way you want and a great selection of IPA's on tap. The fireplace area in the back is GREAT during the winter months to catch up with old friend's. It's friendly, cozy & unassuming. Like I said, this place makes a Great home court in the Rittenhouse Square area.The best happy hour in the city. Hands down, and it's not close. You can get incredible craft brews for $3 and $4, and delicious food for $3.50. Six of us went recently, each drank three or four beers, had enough food to fill us all, and spent a total of $90 including a generous tip. Just incredible. Plus it's a late happy hour (from 6-8 pm) which I love.The Bards is kind of like a cozy, close-knit party in the midst of other, bigger/louder/lame-o bars that thankfully attract and draw away the undesirables that flock to Rittenhouse on the weekends. Stand outside, you can hear the zapping as passersby get sucked into the glowy lights of nearby places.
Personable bartenders
Great Guinness
Fun jukebox
Darts
Love the fireplace on a cold night 
Good spot to watch sports
Decent pub food but nothing specialNearly two years later, and I'm still a super fan.  This place has fantastic staff, and a great environment.  Of late, it's a bit crowded on a saturday night (the place is only so big), but earlier in the day or any other time of the week it's still perfect.  I can't coun the number of discounts I've gotten on my Bards Card, but it's definitely worth getting if you think you'll be back at all ($10 off your bill for every 100 cumulatively, doesn't have to be in one sitting).
The bartenders are sassy and witty and hilarious, and the servers are also friendly and cheerful (at least...when it's not so crowded you have to elbow your way through everything).  The food is fair; certainly worth the happy hour pricing (still til 8pm), and most importantly, they've got Magners on tap!
Thursday nights are a good stop-in (10pm-ish) for Johnny Goodtimes and his Quizzo.  Elsewise, you can ask the tenders for some darts (or bring your own) and throw a few over a round of drinks.  Slainte!Why, oh why, is the dartboard right by the entrance? This is a hazard for those who want to sit by that side of the bar, and for general movement to the back of the restaurant. The cheese fries were excellent because the cheese was a dipping sauce, sort of the consistency and milder flavor of what's on Welsh Rarebit. Plus, they were cheap. I was intrigued by the notion of Guinness Brie, but was the only one eating and didn't want to cough up $9 for a bar appetizer. The beer isn't so cheap here and there weren't any specials on the Saturday night we went (there from 10:45PM - 12:30AM). I got a black and tan, which helped wash down the cheese fries.
They need to update their website in a major way, at least the menu portion of it. Some of the selection and prices are different now. The service was decent enough, but it took us 5 minutes to exit the place, probably due to that pesky dartboard by the door. I'd be interested in trying their Quizzo, but the fight for group seating was pretty discouraging.Standard bar, standard food, standard drinks, standard crowd! Its the prototypical chill out bar where you can get a table and not have to fight thirsty patrons at the bar to get a little buzz on. Definitely not a dive bar but not far from it. It is well lit with high ceilings and it doesn't smell like stale beer ( All pre-requisites for a dive bar) 
I give this a 3 mainly because I don't normally go to bars like this so its completely personal preference. If I like chill out places like this I would give this bar a 5/5.This is a Happy Hour destination for sure! They have a selection of about 6 or 7 craft brews at $3 and half price apps. I listened to existing reviews and had the Goat Flatbread and it was wonderful! For someone who loves goat cheese, I was fully satisfied. It was topped with pesto and drizzled with honey... WONDERFUL! Also, they played two AC/DC songs back to back and that instantly gives a business 2 thumbs up from me.Bards was great for what it was - extremely cheap happy hour drinks (although they don't give a lot of wine - very small glasses) and extremely tasty chicken fingers and nachos.  The bartender was friendly too.  I will be returning.,I love how Irish the decor is in the restaurant. That being said, the food is all right. Got the fried green tomatoes with mozzarella which was perfectly fine. This is a place that I would go for drinks to hang out, but not really for the food. Thankfully, there's almost always some space to hang out in, so that won't be hard!The bar is great but the food is currently under-rated. My mother and I are frequent customers. She and I have dietary /health concerns and they (Terry, Alex, Mirassol, Mike, Erika and the rest of the gang) take  very good care of us. The staff are super friendly, professional and genuinely kind. Their salads are the freshest in the city and a very good buy. They've been experimenting with their menu using a lot of locally sourced foods and seasonal specials which are always fabulous. When we go there we feel well taken care of and part of The Bards family even though we aren't drinkers.Best chicken pot pie in the city. Also the wait staff is pretty fun and it's definitely a great place to frequent in the city or to stumble upon.Stopped in for a late dinner and quizzo with some friends on a Thursday night.  We came early expecting it to be busy, but it was actually pretty quiet.  There were open tables when quizzo started at 9:15 - not sure if it was the cold weather driving the crowd away or if it's normally less busy than other Johnny Goodtimes quizzo haunts.
Great rotating beer list with lots of delicious craft beers.  The popular beverage choice at our table was the Southern Tier creme brulee stout.  It's basically dessert in a glass.  I also had the belgian sour ale they had on draft, which was absolutely amazing - wish I could remember the name!  We all shared the beer cheddar fondue as an appetizer and it was a bit smaller than I expected.  It comes with two soft pretzel sticks, four apple slices and a sad little bunch of broccoli... probably wouldn't order this again.
For dinner I had the ham, swiss and roasted pear "farmhouse toasties", which is basically a panini, served with honey mustard and a pile of hand cut fries.  It was exactly what I was looking for to warm up on a FRIGID night.  Two of my DPs ordered the architect sandwich which is basically a chicken cheesesteak in disguise, and the other had the big pig.  We all left feeling like satisfied fat kids... who are bad at quizzo.Bleeeeech.
Worst meal of Philadelphia yet.  Our roasted chicken looked like it was boiled and borderline unsafely undercooked.  Instead of substituting potatoes for more green veggies, we got the same amount of veggies.  Everything was just so mediocre and that's with two beers clouding my vision of what good food is.  It was that bad.
Our friend's hamburger sliders looked like three golf balls.
The waitress did the best job she could but generally seemed uninterested.  
You can do a lot better in the area in that same kind of price range.I went here for the first time with my boyfriend for dinner. The food was wonderful! Definitely well priced for what you receive. The atmosphere was warm and inviting. We had John as our server and he was wonderful, very attentive and sociable. I will definitely be going back to The Bards!Bards is a really easy bar to fallback on in Rittenhouse. It's dark atmosphere gives you the option to have a more personal/date experience at a table or to hang at the bar with the peronable bartenders and their never ending stream of regulars/friends. It doesn't matter who is on shift Mitch, Alex, Jenn, Michael, etc,.. they make it feel like the Cheers bar. I'm not going to go into their food but I assure you that you will not be disappointed. This is an easy bar to make your regular spot.I came here with a few friends for Center City Sips. It was just okay. I wanted to get a Tully Cider (Magners Cider with mint and lime juice) but they ran out of mint. I was so disappointed since most of the cocktails I was interested in contained mint and would likely not be the same without. So I ended up getting the a craft beer on tap, the Festina Peche Dogfish, light and crisp with a hint of peaches. The bartenders were a little all over the place and curt, and hard to grab the attention of.
I wanted to eat dinner there, so I ordered "The Goats" flatbread, which has goat cheese, grilled onions, basil pesto, and balsamic drizzled on top. I was so underwhelmed by both the size and flavor. The flatbread was very small, maybe half the size of a standard dinner plate. and cost $15 including tax and tip. It was basically just lots and lots and lots of goat cheese slapped onto a piece of dough--not that difficult to make or all that interesting. 
After they had charged my card, I realized they had not given me the 15% happy hour discount on all dinner options. When I asked, they ended up gifting me a free appetizer of my choice instead of refunding me. I got the quesadilla, which was definitely better than the flatbread and cost $10. It came cut into four large pieces, with each piece almost the size of a slice of pizza, and a side of salsa and sour cream. The quesadilla was stuffed with chicken and bacon (I think?) as well as tomatoes, cheese, onions, mushrooms, jalapenos. Very hearty in ingredients and flavor. So essentially, I ended up spending more money than I would have liked, but luckily the fact that my free appetizer was much better than the original order made up for the extra expense to some degree.
Bards was okay, but I'm not really planning to go back.It's a classic pub. Pub food and cheap beers. Plus darts!First visit here in a while and everything was pretty good. Happy hour drink 6p-8p deals were good, and everyone liked what they got to eat and we had a variety at the table (British breakfast platter was really good, fish and chips was big but they said it was OK, and the sandwiches were good too).
Just remember to look at both the craft drink beer list and the "regular" beer list, otherwise you're only seeing half the selection.
Got a little crowded and noisy as night went on, but may have been due to people getting ready for Quizzo, and the jukebox was all over the place when we were there. Waitress was very nice and patient, and would definitely go back again.Need a refreshing pint of Guinness, poured properly, and the atmosphere to accompany the drink, then visit the bards. Been here multiple times and every time I am consistently pleased with bar staff, pricing and proper Irish tasting Guinness.The Bards happy hour goes until 8pm. It's located in Rittenhouse. They had me with the extended happy hour, but you can't beat the convenience of the Rittenhouse location. 
The specials included $4 house wine and bar food around $5. There was more to the happy hour menu, but that fit my fancy. Neither the house Chardonnay nor the bar food was that extraordinarily awesome but the price was right and the atmosphere was fun. The soft pretzel was warm and buttery, with a mild cheese dip. The wing platter was pretty good. The wings were meaty and plentiful with probably 8 or so wings. The spicy BBQ sauce really wasn't hot but it was tangy and had a nice flavor.
It's actually kind of funny because the Bards is an Irish Pub located on the same block as the Irish Pub. They have totally different feels though. The Bards seemed very cozy, complete with a fireplace. It was still a pub but on the slightly more upscale side.
The bartenders were great! They were friendly, attentive and enjoyable to be around. I didn't catch her name, but one of the female bartenders makes a great cinnamon toast crunch-like shot. 
Fun times, fun place, good deals. No reason not to return.Years ago I would meet my sister at the Bards on Friday after work. We would have a beer, dinner on occasion, and enjoy Michael, the bartender. 
Most recently, I have had dinner twice in the past month. The service was great both times. We enjoyed the curried chicken, shepards pie and the Irish breakfast and all of the salads. The fish and chips was average. The flavors were good, nothing mind blowing, but just really good. The veggies were fresh and never overcooked. On Wednesday the crowd was sparse and mellow, making for a nice date night. On Thursday it was lively with a quizzo game. Slainte!I've been to The Bards several times and never had any issues.  This place is interesting...it's either FULLY PACKED or ghost town.  I usually choose this place for a large group of friends on the weeknight, as the front of the bar is spacious and even has darts!
The beers are fairly standard, they do usually have great happy hour/late night specials.  I've only had appetizers there, which are typical pub food.  I really like their wings.
I will definitely be back to this place!We went for Quizzo and apparently they don't know how to plug into the speakers or maybe we should have sat closer in order to hear better. The beer was cold and the fried pickles were pretty good. This place is loud. Everyone talking over everyone else. I will give this place a try on a different day other than quizzo. Perhaps my opinion of their noise level will change.Best nachos in Philadelphia? Totally worth the hype, the Bards brings it! Ask for Michael!GREAT Irish bar in Philadelphia and the best pint of Guinness in the city.  THe Bards has a great atmosphere as an relaxed place to hang out and enjoy the people around you.  I can't speak for the nightlife, but for a great lunch and a great place to hang out, The Bards is top notch.You know why I know that this place is top-notch? Because I walk in, looking for food (a credit card minimum cast off from the despicable joint next door--see my other review) and the bartender helps me find food. Not at his place, mind you. His kitchen was closed. But, he tells me the only bar in the quadrant selling food at the late hour, inviting me to spend my money elsewhere. He gives me directions.
I stayed. Attentive service. Felt like a human being. Is there ANYTHING more one can ask from a bar?
No.
Besides the great atmosphere other reviews detail, I review the personality. That's what makes a joint.I was looking for a bar to make my neighborhood go-to spot and I think I have a winner.
I've tried a few of their foods and even more of their beer specials. The bartender is willing to tell me the specials before I even ask and gives me his food recommendations all in his lovely Irish accent.
The crowd is mixed. Going there for about the fifth time yesterday, there was a group of sassy females in the front, an old drunk at the end of the bar, several groups dressed for happy hour, and even team members  arrived after their league game was over to settle themselves in the back of the bar.
They are a bit short staffed at times but service is never too slow. The bartender is attentive, the beer selection is fair, and the total atmosphere is welcoming. 
If you're going to venture along the Walnut Strip of Irish Bars (as I call it), The Bards is the one to choice.Best chicken pot pie in the city. Also the wait staff is pretty fun and it's definitely a great place to frequent in the city or to stumble upon.Must visit!     
I always come here every time I come to philly.
They have, trivia night, darts and perfect pints of Guinnes.Our first time at The Bards was a special treat.  Waiters with Irish accents add to the ambiance of a small backstreet Irish pub.  The lighting is very low, the walls very dark and littered with newspapers and nick-knacks, and the people very loud, happy, and boisterous which added to the experience.  There's no coming here without having a Guinness with dinner.  The Irish sausage wrapped in pastry and Guinness brie served with pita are excellent appetizers.  The burgers are thick and juicy.  First bite reveals the sweet onions that made it into the burger mix; a nice surprise.  I went for Gorgonzola, mushrooms, bacon and swiss to top it off, and it was more burger than I could handle.  I opted for a side of salad instead of fries, and was perplexed when I received only dry mixed greens with no dressing, but ate them atop my burger nonetheless.  I will definitely be back, and highly recommend swinging by.  Make reservations, as the place isn't that big, and seems that it may always be hopping.As I work across the street from this "ye olde pube" I usually order takeout, it helps that they have 1/2 price burger Mondays...It plugs that Monday blues hole right up!
The beer selection is nice as well as the ambiance, I mean it claims to be a neighborhood Irish pub and that's exactly what it is, it's a pub, and not only it's Irish by name it also has real bloody Irish people working there with their awesome accents and their welcoming nature.
P.S: The "Irish Pub" what?Beers is good. Food is good. What else do you need? Highly recommended the Bangers and Mash. Been coming here every now and then since 2012 and the food is consistently good.I came here with some friends for a Sunday funday for lunch a drinks. We had notified the bar in advance that we were coming in a big group and they were nice enough to give us a free round, but they were definitely unprepared to take care of a group.
We got there around noon and the place was not that busy. It had a few tables of people eating, but it was not crowded.
We ordered drinks and food and it took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive. By this time, we were starving and already on our second drinks.
The food was fine, nothing special. I had the architect, a chicken sandwich with caramelized onions and cheese. The chicken was very dry and the sandwich was served on a huge roll of bread, making the bread to filing ratio about 2:1. The fries it came with were good.
The waitress would only give us a little bit of ketchup at a time, so we had to keep asking for more, which was a little annoying.
The service throughout the day was pretty slow. I understand there was only one waitress, but it really wasn't that crowded.  I had to ask for water a few times before getting any every time I finished my glass. She was quick on bringing the alcohol refills though.
All in all, its a pretty average bar. Nothing bad, but nothing super exciting either.I fell in love with this place yesterday. My two friends felt the same way, from the moment we walked in at 6 pm on a Friday until we left around 10. You can actually TALK to your friends, the bartenders are attentive and so friendly, the specials until 7 were great, and the food! Wow. 
Nachos with real melted cheese, and the chicken tenders with honey mustard were probably the best I've ever had. Unique breading that was just so perfect and crispy. My one friend really enjoyed the mussels as well. They changed the TV's for me, which are not the centerpiece but there for you to follow whatever you want. 
The bathroom was a joy too. Scented candle, clean, bright, everything a girl could ask for.
In short, I will be back to this place, hopefully frequently. I have yet to find a place I could be a regular at in Philly, and this may be it!Previous reviews are spot on. I arrived around 7:15 on a Thursday (Eagles opener).  Service was good, beer was...beer and the food was good. By 8:30pm, it was very busy and service was slow but they were extremely busy. I would come back.Fun bar because it has great games and Quizzo. Food is descent bar food but I would try and eat before you come. Usually empty during the day,
A good spot if you don't want the larger crowds you'd get at Irish pub next door.The Bards is a nice authentic Irish Pub in Philadelphia with a laid back atmosphere and good drink specials.  I wouldn't say it was the perfect bar, because I have to say, sometimes it is a bit too fratty for my liking, but those people tend to get bored and move on their pub crawl. 
The only reason I am not giving it more stars is because I treat 18th street as if it is some sort of wall of snakes fires and other nasty things, and I tend to not wander that far west.  Which is a shame really because it is a fun place to be--just don't think of it immediately when I'm thinking "oh what should I do tonight?".Like many other people, I purchased a Living Social deal for the Bards...and I waited to use it until the last night. The host was VERY nice and seated us without reservations, even though the restaurant was packed. I saw that he had to turn people away later, which is unfortunate for them! The service was ok...the servers were extremely nice, but slow on water refills (we always had to ask). But they were crowded, so I understand they were running around. Why only 2 stars? No where on the Living Social deal (that I saw, even after reading the fine print 5+ times) did it say that there would be a limited menu. That was disappointing...I wouldn't have bought the deal had I known that. Either way, the food was only OK (except the wings were great). I wouldn't come back, except for wings!When I go to an Irish pub I want it to be owned by Irish people, play Irish music, and show rugby games on TV. That's what this place is. Funny how it's located right next to the faux-irish joke called "The Irish Pub." I have only been in Philly for a few months, but so far The Bards is my favorite bar. The food is good--meaty wings, tender chicken tenders, good shepards pie (it'd be great if it had more meat though). The crowd is diverse--not too much of the douchey striped button-up shirt crowd nor too many of the plaid shirt hipsters nor too many of the mouth breathing sportards. And the happy hour deals rock, especially on wednesdays. Food service can get a bit slow on weekends when it gets crowded though. Make sure your waiter or waitress knows you're there.Absolutely a must visit in Rittenhouse.
1. Fireplace
2. Long tables for large parties, or just sitting next to strangers
3. Darts
4. Quizzo Nights with Johnny Goodtimes 2x weekly
5. Great beer selection
6. Never too crowded
7. Good food selection, though small
8. Separate seating area, away from the bar crowd
9. The bartenders remember you, you can become a regular pretty fast. 
I wish they would dump the three TV's they have. The bar is so small, it's overkill and very distracting. All the TV's are usually showing the same game.Typical Irish bar/restaurant but restaurant part is separate with booths The cobb salad was absolutely great, Philly steak and burger was good. Service is super kind, prices are cheap. 
This place was perfect for the evening.I've been here both for brunch and for drinks and have had a good time doing both. It's a great place to bring a date or friend. It's quiet enough that you can actually hear each other talk. My boyfriend and I just pull up a barstool, order a couple Guinness' and chat for a while. I could stay here for hours.
The brunch at this place is also pretty good. The eggs benedict is great, but I've always wanted to try the full Irish breakfast. After studying abroad in Belfast, I've had my fair share of Ulster fry's and couldn't believe my eyes when I saw they served it here.
They also offer quizzo here, which I have attended. It was really fun, but the questions were pretty difficult and it starts fairly late (around 10:15 on a Thursday). All in all, I would go more often, but it just starts a little too late for me.
The bartenders are also friendly. Most of them have Irish accents, and I can't tell if they put it on for show or if that's truly how they speak. Either way, it's a pretty cool place.I like this place best because it's low-key when other places go all Plastic Paddy. I took some visiting friends here for lunch. This is one of few pubs I'd feel comfortable to hanging out in alone. You can sulk or have lively conversation here. During the day it's a decent spot to read with lunch. 
I'd hate to see this place get overrun by the PP (Plastic Paddy) crowd as some other fine Irish establishments have in Philly. 
Cute, clean, and friendly. A refuge.I didn't see anything special about this pub. We were in a rush to find a bar to watch the Eagles game at, and this was closest. The bar seating wasn't very comfortable, and the game drink specials weren't memorable. If you're into loud bros screaming near you, you'd probably enjoy this bar more than I did.One of the best Moscow mules I've had in Philly. Food can be unpredictable at times. The pretzel is usually my go-to item. Overall, friendly service.This is our second time at The Bards and both times the food and experience has been great for us. They have Gluten Free options all the time but on Sundays they do a special GF menu! 
For Food, Yuengling/old bay mussels -A M A Z I N G - I mean WOW! I am a total fan of mussels anyway but these were very delicious. 
The hamburger - my husband was very impressed with and he rarely is impressed with hamburgers.
The Shepard pie (Gluten Free) was amazing as well, it was a good size serving and the potatoes on top were creamy and delicious
For beer, they do have Bards GF beer, and their other beer selection is pretty good as well. 
We always have a great time with great service here!
.The food here decent, not great, but I had a livingsocial deal there once that I got for free so that was pretty good, just irish pub style food.
What I love coming here for is Trivia night on Thursdays with Johnny Goodtimes. Get there early to get a good spot where you can actually hear the questions. Hint: the one bartender knows all the answers.
They have really good fries too and good chicken fingers.Gourmet Irish food - an oxymoron? Well, apparently, not entirely (yes, I can say that, my sister-in-law is Irish, I've eaten there, so I'm Irish by extension - disparaging comments are within my rights). I can unflinchingly state that this dim and cozy nook, just two doors down from its well-trafficked and tacky imitation, has the best shepherd's pie you'll find outside of your Irish grandmother's kitchen.
I've had some fine roast pork with cabbage here as well. I can't say the Guinness is, as one might naturally wish, as close to St. James's gate as one can get stateside. But other fare, including the beltline-busting bread pudding with chocolate sauce, is truly well-crafted.
The atmosphere and decor are unimpressive, but again, that's spot-on for authenticity, and really quite soothing. And as a bonus, when I stopped in yesterday for a late weekend-eve business chat, the iPod powered soundtrack provided surprisingly edgy background tunes. It's a comfy room to take shelter from a raw emerald isle day.Pretty terrible. Has so much potential with the setup of the bar itself but then it's just really overpriced all around. We went for happy hour which was from 5-8pm and my friend and I ordered wings and fried pickles- the wings were decent, the fried pickles were laughably bad- strange cut and bad crumbing job. I asked how much it was for a Titos and Club (which isn't included in HH) and I was told $7.50, I felt sort of bad but I laughed in the poor bartender's face. $7.50 for a Titos and Club?! Get over yourselves. I waited about 20 minutes and just out of curiosity asked the new bartender (they had just changed shifts) how much a Titos and Club was and I was told $8.00. Yeah, no thanks, I like going to bars where I can trust the staff and where the prices are consistent. Happy Hour only includes $5 well drinks and $1 off drafts and a small food/appetizer menu. Much better HH deals with much better food and where you don't feel like you are getting scammed, save this for the Jersey tourists who don't know any better...hard pass.Been hanging around Philly about a year, and the Bards is definitely one of my standard hangouts.  Never really get any more food than fries (which are pretty much what I'd expect from an irish pub, quality-wise), but it's a great place for drinks and meeting up.  Has never been too loud, and the service is on the friendlier side of average.  
Usually show up with a crowd of 3 or 4 and take up some other folks in darts, nice way to socialize with some of the other cityfolk.  All in all, one of the nicer irish pubs to hang out at.The Bards is the place we go for great drink specials and good pub food.  On top of this, they have 2 dart boards for those looking to shoot darts (this is the main reason why I go).  I do recommend taking your own darts though because often times theirs are broken or misplaced.  Tip: The dart board next to the bar is better than the one right by then entrance.The bards is by far my favorite place to have a beer and relax.  I have to say that the weeknight bartenders are smart and funny and remember my drink choices. Always a good time is to be had at the bards!I recently went to The Bards for the first time and was sorely disappointed. My friends and I read about their happy hour (from 6-8) online and were excited to try a new place. Their happy hour food specials were tasty. The wings were good and so were the fries. They had $3 craft beers for their drink special, which was good.
My gripe with this place is not their food or their drinks, rather it is their service. When we left later that evening after quizzo, we were charged for two beers that we did not drink. When we brought this to the attention of the waitress, she said that it was impossible that she could have charged us for drinks we did not have. We argued about it for a minute and she stormed off, never admitting that she might have even made a mistake. She had an Irish accent, and some readers might actually know to whom I am referring. 
The quizzo MC was terrible. He had an entire category with the theme of "logs" because someone gave him a negative review in which he claimed the MC had "the personality of a log." I looked on his website later (johnny goodtimes), and he had the poor review posted on his home page as well as a picture of the reviewer. That, folks, is the definition of passive aggressive. He was a smart aleck who didn't know the correct answers to his own questions, and he refused to give us credit for an answer until we complained about it for a little, at which point he awarded us the points while saying sarcastically over the microphone that he had given us the points "because he knew that it was important to us." Awful and even more passive aggressive. Keep an eye out for a quizzo category based on this review.
It's a shame that the food and drinks could not overcome the terrible service and experience. Not even a little.The Bards laid-back atmosphere makes it a good casual spot to meet up with friends for drinks. The service is average compared to other similar Philly bars but their beer selection is slightly above average (although they don't cater to non-beer drinkers). The place is usually pretty crowded probably due to the location and good specials (always a beer for $3 here on special). Check it out if you haven't and form your own opinion but The Bards definitely works for me.Happy hour until 8 on weeknights, AND it's wheelchair accessible ?! LOVE it.
(There's one step to get into the place, but someone is always ready to set up the ramp. Pro-tip: call 5 minutes ahead of time so they're ready.  Caveat, there's a 1.5ish lip to get into the bathroom.) Besides that, a lovely place. Although, I wonder about an Irish place that doesn't offer Hot Toddies in winter.  WHAT (???)