Stopped in the basement bar with two other people randomly on a Wednesday night.  We sat at the bar for some drinks and snacks.  Bartender was super friendly and made great recommendations for snacks.  
We had the garlic fries (LOVE!), kale chips, and deviled eggs (OMG!).  After finishing our drinks and snacks, we couldn't resist the temptation of a boozy popsicle - freshly-muddled mint in a delicious mojito ice pop made in-house.  Awesome!Found this place on yelp and went with it because of previous positive reviews and it didn't disappoint. The location is a little tricky as it's down an alleyway but don't let that put you off. 
Arrived and staff were extremely friendly and explained everything on the menu and went through any questions we had. The food was delicious not a pick left on any of the 6 plates and 4 of the 6 had different dishes. Waiter was very attentive throughout and checked in on is to make sure everyone was happy. Ordered a couple of bottles of wine which were very reasonably priced and good quality. 
The overall cost of the meal for 6 of was just ridiculously cheap for the amount of food and drink we had and service was excellent. Will definitely come back here if we are back in philly!Went in after doing genealogy research over at the HSP, and wanted to grab a bite. I was in the gayborhood, but didn't want to go to a club, nor did I want something non-local. Tucked away on Camac, the Tavern did not disappoint. 
Great people, and staff. Nice atmosphere of the "Cheers-style" family local bar, yet out-of-towners feel equally welcome.
I ordered some food, the Tavern Burger, and a couple of local IPAs. Both the food and the craft beer were great. The burger was cooked perfectly and was so delicious I wish I had enough room to order a second.
I will note that all of this took place in the downstairs part; in this visit I did not venture upstairs. 
If you're in the area and want some great food or craft beer, especially if you are seeking a "family" place in the gayborhood, this is it.From NOLA and in town for a convention.  Didn't know what I was getting into when I went hunting for a grilled cheese sandwich, but man did this place impress.  As a straight female I was wary that I wouldn't be welcome in what is obviously a gay establishment, but once I walked in I felt completely accepted.  
My grilled cheese didn't disappoint, but what was more impressive was the live entertainment.  It was piano sing-along night on the second floor,  which was an absolutely fantastic accompaniment to my meal!  
If I'm ever in Philly again I'll definitely be back.we like this spot. It's tucked away downstairs on Camac, so you sometimes walk by some interesting characters. But the foods awesome, reasonably priced, and there's an intimate vibe. The staff is fun and helpful. And Mckenzie (chef owner) is awesome too. So glad she took over the previous restaurant (terra) which was terrible.As out of towners visiting for the weekend, we were definitely unsure of where to go and turned to yelp for help which led us to this awesome place! Walking distance from where we were staying and in a great part of town, we really liked The Tavern! 
First off, the unique vibe of the restaurant being below ground level as you have to go down several steps to enter made for a fun first impression especially coming from an area where this is very uncommon! We were seated in the back which felt like a neat underground secret space with the exposed wooden beams and low ceilings! 
We started off with drinks which we all liked then proceeded to our entrees! I opted for the mushroom, edamame black bean burger and garlic fries! I very much liked my meal and was impressed by the flavoring of the burger! The fries were definitely my favorite part of the meal as they were delicious as is! All of the ladies in our party enjoyed their meal and had a good time at The Tavern! We highly encourage both locals and those visiting from out of town to give it a try!Excellent food, great people.  Went late on a Thursday night.  Bartender was a very nice guy.  I let him know that I'm not a beer connoisseur and I usually stick with Corona.  He made an excellent recommendation for one of the best beers I've had.  We ordered a bunch of food and it was delicious.  I strongly recommend garlic fry appetizer (whether you're on a date or not).  Sometimes food trumps making out.I loved everything about this place, and the owner herself is amazing.
Coming here was very random. Me and my girlfriend were just out cruising the town looking for something to eat. The 1st place we ran into just closed, but nevertheless the bartender guided us to "The Tavern on Camac". Everything about this place was amazing and the food was so flavorful and the customer service was out of this world amazing. I'll be going back today BTW to get there grilled cheese and tomato soup for lunch :)Great sliders great salmon great burgers great food . Drinks are fantastic and ambiance is greatFirst time back in awhile, but as always it was great. Simple but tasty and interesting menu (from lamb bolognese to grilled cheese and tomato soup - one of my faves).  A wine-cellar kinda vibe, it's just the right sound level for a date or a conversation.Love love loved our server here. He was so much fun and very attentive. This wasn't a fair walk from the convention center where we were conferencing at, and seemed to be in the middle of the gayborhood which feels like home for a queer like me. 
The food was super tasty and the vibes were just off the charts. Loved the basement type set up, walking downstairs in the restaurant and the small intimate dining space was super nice. 
I just to knock one star because I was very hungover and so I didn't get to have a super FUN experience here but that's all my fault to be honest. 
Also to note-- gender neutral bathrooms!The food was amazing and  the experience left me wanting more.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I would eat here all the time.  Everything was amazing.  The staff were friendly, helpful, attentive and polite.  Thank you all for a truly memorable meal.  :)Great place for a casual dinner in Philadelphia. Very nicely and tastefully decorated. We had their duck and the cheeseburger. Both were excellent. Their house Cabernet was great especially for the price. Also a great list of beers. We will definitely go back.Chef MacKenzie doing an awesome job revamping this fun tasteful and tasty menu.
Fun place, fun food, happy chef.....gayborhood is alive an well !Best burger we've ever had, pickle plate was okay, fries amaze and eggplant salad ridiculous....can't wait to go back!!!This was a really nice find on our getaway in Philly! We stayed at a hotel only a few blocks away and on our first night we just wanted to eat something local while we explored our new neighborhood. We ate on a Sunday night and it was relatively empty, which didn't bother us at all. The restaurant is in the basement and the decor is really cozy. 
My husband and I shared the garlic fries and each got the grilled cheese and tomato soup as our entree. It was all delicious! The food came out quickly and was hot and fresh. The fries were a big appetizer, we couldn't finish them! The grilled cheese and tomato soup were just different enough that it felt like a twist on a classic. Would definitely recommend!I have eaten here just twice within the past 6-months, but I really, really like the food and the service.  I recommend coming here to eat and/or drink, without qualification.This is my second time eating at this venue.  And after my first visit, I invited 13 friend to join me for dinner and conversations.  The food is amazing, the service is direct and informative.  We enjoyed great salads, various sliders from Duck to Breakfast burgers and even a great pickled plate - we didn't know what most of the item on the plate were, but they were all delicious.  One of the many unique things about this place, besides the food is the secret location of it and that they serve outstanding food till 3am!  If I had to pick at one thing that I didn't like, I personally thought it was too bright, but then again I am a vampire..Service was pretty horrible. Our party of 20 was broken up into different tables (which was fine) but we were all served at different times. When one of our tables finished eating their food, the other ones still hadn't gotten their food. 
The menu selection was subpar and all the sides were over cooked. They have a weird portion menu where you can choose to get a burger in either a regular portion or a slider portion. Because the slider was half the price of the full portion, we assumed it would be about half the size. WRONG!! It was maybe about a third or less. 
The only reason I gave this place two stars instead of one was because the sandwich was actually pretty tasty in terms of flavor but the rest of the experience brought the place down.Best grilled cheese ever!  (But be sure to add the bacon).   Oh, and this place is NOT loud.Excellent food and service plus this was the only place open for our *really* late night dinner plans (midnight!) the fried kale chips are unique and worth a try. It's a small place and appears like the folks running it are pretty involved. Burgers were fantastic. Overall 5 stars for service, food and ambience, all coming together even late at nightgreat cocktails and food! in the bottom floor of a gay bar! what more do you need?
definitely order the Grilled Gem Salad - sooooo good! we split it and it was probably big enough for a single person's lunch or smaller dinner. everything else we ate was super delicious too - we got the grilled cheese/tomato soup and the veggie burger. "two enthusiastic thumbs up! fine family fun!"One of my FAVORITE local spots! Such a casual environment & amazing food! The $5 house wines & grilled cheese gets me every time! I go several times a month and I am NEVER disappointed!Terrible service. Great food.
I so wanted to love this place.  It has beautiful, contemporary wine cellar decor which is smart considering it's subterranean location.
Drink list is great and creative, if a bit pricey. 
Service is clearly not valued here. Our reservation was for 4 people and they first tried to seat us at a table for 2. Easy mistake since our friends weren't there yet, but still. The place was practically empty and yet there was no casual chit chat or joking with our waiter. We ordered drinks and an appetizer while we we were waiting for our friends, and they hardly checked on us.
Once our friends got there (on time, we were early) they thought we'd be ready to order dinner right away... no hellos or anything. The food we had was great- cheese plate, grilled cheese and tomato soup, and the egg and asparagus.
If the service had been better I would've gone back.We were looking for a new place to try this weekend and decided to go to The Tavern. Set in the basement with low ceiling, it has a warm and cozy feel. Dress code is casual too, which is cool.
They have a good selection of cocktails and wines. My husband ordered one of the tequila based cocktails and I got the house Cabernet. We got kale chips with the "secret sauce", deviled eggs and roasted veggies-mushroom with poached egg for appetizers, sliders with edamame-mushroom-black bean burger for entrees. Everything was great!!! I must add that the house wine was impressive. We think the secret sauce is mayo+sriracha+garlic, whatever it is it went perfectly well with those crispy kale chips..yumm! I am a vegetarian and it is pretty hard to find a GOOD veggie burger right but the slider with black bean burger here is probably the BEST I have had so far.
Will definitely go back for more with friends and family! :)Just a heads up that they no longer have kale chips. It's sad since they were the deciding factor when I was torn between Tavern and somewhere else for dinner. It's a sad day.  The only thing that will keep me coming back here is the veggie burger, god help them if they get rid of that.i almost don't want to rate this place because i'd like to keep it my secret spot. food is creative, delicious, staff is friendly, fun, and the atmosphere works both as a date spot or dinner with friends. i wouldn't feel underdressed in a t shirt and jeans or overdressed in a blazer and heels. and the kale chips--are a must order. 5 stars can't wait to go againI happened to stumble upon this place while on a recent visit to Philadelphia. Love the fact that the staff dress for in the colonial period, and they give a brief history lesson!  Great atmosphere makes you feels as though you've gone back in time.  The serve original recipe beers from George Washington and Thomas Jefferson.  I had the Washington porter and it was really good - not heavy at all.  Only down side was the pork was over cooked and dry.I had a lovely and affordable dinner at the Tavern. I had the chicken sandwich, fries, and a side of sauteed kale and everything was really good, but the kale could've used a bit of oomph...I for one would've loved some garlic!  My sandwich came out warm (not hot) but it was so good I didn't mind.  My friend loved his burger. Definitely get the secret sauce - it's like crack, I was triple-dipping my fries into it!
The service could be better - my friend had a hard time getting a second beer, and the waiter never stopped back to check on us until we were done eating...which would've been a shame if we needed, say, ketchup.
We dined in the back room, which was pretty cold, and it took some time to get the waiter's attention to turn off the COLD AIR (!!) that was coming in from a vent directly above our heads. But the air was eventually turned down and we were able to enjoy our meal.
$42 for two sandwiches, two sides (included) + 1 extra side, and 3 drinks. Can't beat it! The $5 house wine was pretty good too.I found this place on OpenTable since it was one of the only places that had reservations open during dinner Philly Marathon weekend.  Where this place is located is a quiet street.  Also, its a downstairs restaurant, where you walk down a flight of stairs.  It's small cozy place with a bar area to sit.  
We were seated promptly. They have sandwiches offered in half portions (no sides) or a full portion with sides.  They also served lots of small plates and appetizers.
My friend and I were hungry but didn't want to eat a ton so we ordered the grilled chicken breast sandwich with mushrooms, onions, crispy brussel sprouts (which were amazing) and truffle aioli.  It also came with fontal cheese. They were able to put the cheese just on my friend's half since it upsets my stomach. We had the choice of a side - fries, sauteed kale, kale chips, garlic fries, grilled asparagus. We ordered the kale chips as a side.  In addition, we ordered the arugula and pickled beets salad which came with goat cheese and roasted parsnip, red onions and hazelnuts and white balsamic and olive oil. 
Everything was delicious, decently portioned and fresh.  My only issues were that we ordered kale chips as a side and got fries instead.  Fries were good so we didn't even bother to correct them. Also, there was too much oil in our salad, made the bottom pieces inedible. Overall everything was amazing.So glad to have found The Tavern!!
We were looking for a local spot for dinner with my folks and father-in-law for the Saturday after Valentine's Day and reservations were scarce.  After reading the reviews for The Tavern (unknown to me yet only a few short blocks from home) I booked a reservation.  What a great decision that turned out to be!
From the moment we stepped down into the cozy restaurant, my husband and I were entranced and knew we'd found a soon to be favorite.  The space is warm and inviting and perfect for hiding away from a cold winter's eve.  The servers were simply delightful -- knowledgeable about the menu, attentive and friendly.
I had been a bit apprehensive that the health conscious among us would struggle to select an entree among the mostly sandwich mains.  And in truth, my mother did but landed on the shaved fennel and apple salad which turned out to be hearty and entree sized.  The rest of us quickly found our choices.  My father was in heaven with the duck confit and raved in particular over the butternut squash, kale and arugula accompaniment.   My husband and I shared the roasted root vegetables -- they were incredible and the addition of a poached egg on top added wonderful flavor.    My husband chose a burger slider (all sandwiches come in two sizes) and found it the perfect size to leave him satiated with just enough room to share dessert. I had the kale manchego salad as my main, it was a tasty large plate of seasoned kale.  My father-in-law all but licked the plate of his grilled cheese and tomato soup.  
The wine list includes multiple $5/glass house choices as well as other glasses that ranged from around $9-$12/glass.  I perused the bar before we left and noted that it is well-stocked--a quick scan found a great selection of bourbons including Bookers, Buffalo Trace and Makers Mark.  
We'll definitely be back.AMAZING dinner. Went with a group of four and got good bottle of Chardonnay for $32. The black bean burger was by far the best veggie burger my vegetarian friend and I had ever had. You could tell that it was entirely hand crafted and had never been frozen! Amazing! My other friend adored his burger, and the garlic fries were incredible. Would absolutely recommend and will hopefully be coming back soon!I met Mackenzie Hilton in person while i was dining for a friend's birthday, and she is lovely! She is doing an incredible job at revamping the menu and I am obsessed with her take on grilled cheese and tomato soup. It is such a comfort food but it is so well made there, it is honestly the best grilled cheese I ever tasted in my life. I tried their deviled eggs and their fries which were fantastic and whatever she is putting in that cheese sauce, it is working because it is addicting. Love that there are three floors so the second floor is a bar and piano bar, and the top floor is a club. Absolutely fabulous.Great place, with good food.  I had the burger and deviled eggs - all were top notch.  They have a piano bar upstairs that was busy as well; but the main dining is downstairs, which made it cozy.  I would go back here and try more of the menu items.Randomly stopped by here for a drink and dinner with a colleague. Was randomly and pleasantly surprised! Cool atmosphere and really good food. Amazing fries and my chicken sandwich was really impressive. Would def go back. Love music with a piano which was a nice touch.This place was great! My husband and I go to Philadelphia for dinner often and were looking for something we hadn't tried. We found this place on Yelp on Saturday afternoon and it sounded good, and we liked that we could make a reservation for that evening.
We loved that it was sort of hidden away on Camac, and that you had to go downstairs to get in. The room felt small and intimate, and they had great music playing (David Bowie). The staff were friendly, and the food was delicious. We're vegetarians, and we like going to places that have several options for us. We got the grilled asparagus and deviled egg appetizers, and the grilled cheese (my husband asked them to add a fried egg) and black bean edamame burger for our meals. The sandwiches came with amazing fries with scallion aioli, which I couldn't stop eating.
We'll definitely come back here.I went on a Friday night several weeks back and I still have a bad taste in my mouth about the place. I didn't have a reservation but my date and I enjoy sitting at the bar. Bartender informs me that they are not participating in restaurant week which I didn't even know was going on. The place was not busy and we felt like we were putting him out. Then during dinner there was a shift change and an angry woman came on. Staffed all grouped together at the end of the bar complaining about this and that and everyone as if we were deaf. My friend asked her about light beers and I thought she was going to punch him. I really want to go to have a nice dinner in a gay place, the food is good but this place won't be on my list again. I left a 10% tip which I thought was way too much and I know many other people that have the same feelings as I do. A business owner friend of mine said "How do these people have jobs there?"I'm a Life long Philadelphian who had a horrible Friday at work. As I hit our front door, my husband told me to hit the shower, put on a cute outfit and get ready for.a night of fun like we were 20 year olds. We drove into Philly with no restaurant reservations and our usual gayberhood spots were booked and we were really hungry. I remembered Tavern on Camac as a gay restaurant from when I was 20 (now 50)..Back then it had a rep for being "for old people. " Which of course,   I am now. :)
Anyway,  we walked by and lots of folks of all striped were walking in and out. So we walked down the basement steps and took a chance knowing nothing about the place. We were really glad we did.
It's small and intimate, and has a very nice ambience. Almost a ski lodge kind of feel.  The folks at the host desk were warm and friendly. The waiter was there in a minute. The menu is a bit limited, but has both solid "picky eater" choices and unusual options. I toyed with getting their grilled cheese and tomato soup entree with the app of the day which was basically homemade fancy tater tots. Instead I got a special of the day crab cakes with sauteed kale and it was super wonderful. I also got one of their specialty cocktails.  It was super strong and that's the reason I dont remember its name.
The crowd was mostly gay,  but lots of friends and allies there too. As I said, the place is small, so no if your party is larger than 6, you might want to call and check. I read a review where someone took s party of 20 and then complained about service. 20 would almost fill the entire place. No wonder they'd be overwhelmed by that. 
Anyway overall, nice place, great food. We'll be back and next time we'll check out the second floor bar and third floor nightclub.Food was awesome and service was nice. Good atmosphere. The steak frites was great. People are very nice and welcoming. Beautiful building and neighborhood. Highly recommend.I was a little disappointed with The Tavern after having read some really great reviews. I got the deviled eggs which were good but overpriced. There were three half eggs per order and it was $7. A little high to me. The Tuna Poke was excellent but the Strip Steak (which was the most expensive item on the menu) was quite disappointing. I ordered it medium and it came well done and was pre-sliced so the kitchen and / or the server should have noticed this. It was seasoned and flavored okay but nothing to write home about.This is one of my favorite places to eat in Philadelphia. Allow me to tell you why:
-The Monkfish Po'Boy is my favorite sandwich in Philadelphia. Perfectly fried and served with a knockout remoulade sauce, it's the only thing I can eat every day and not get sick of. It's perfect.
-It's getting almost impossible to find a restaurant in Center City where you can hear yourself talk on a Saturday night, and Tavern manages to maintain a dignified, quiet atmosphere. Maybe it's because its basement-level location makes it a 'secret'. Either way, I've never had to wait for a table.
-The prices are actually affordable. Chef McKenzie Hilton has won "Chopped" and her cooking is incredible. She was the Chef at Mercato, a fancy and expensive yet ultimately delicious restaurant down the street. Now, you can have the high quality cuisine of one of Philly's best chefs for the bar fare prices that someone like me can actually afford. 
-The sides are all awesome. Kale chips, garlic fries, deviled eggs.
GO HERE. As much as I don't want to have to wait for a table, I will feel guilty not telling the world about the amazing plates of Tavern.A group of my friends (8 of us) and I walked in to Tavern around 8:45-9:00pm with no reservation. They said that we would have to wait for a table so we ordered some drinks and the deviled eggs (they were so good) while we waited. We sat at the small high top bar tables while we waited. The hostess told us that she probably would not be able to seat us in the dining room so we decided to sit at the small bar because we were hungry. We didn't really mind to do that. The bar tender, Amy, took our order immediately. She was very nice and made sure we had everything that we needed. I ate the grilled cheese and tomato soup, which was so yummy!! Everyone else loved their meals as well. The garlic fries were very good. I will definitely go back.This place is awesome. We had the garlic fries which are to die for and the chicken sandwich was topped with sautéed brussels sprouts was absolutely amazing. This is a nice quaint spot that I would definitely go back to.Just fantastic. The period-dressed servers know the menu inside and out. They can provide details on everything from drinks to entrees! They easily worked with our food restrictions (vegan and some allergies), and not one thing was screwed up.
The food itself is rich and delicious- everything is quite filling. The drinks are strong (VERY STRONG) and also delicious! Also happened to go there on Thomas Jefferson's birthday- the servers know a ton about the history around as well. highly, HIGHLY recommended.Excellent drinks; well priced drinks and dinner. Burgers should not have thick brioche buns but good tasty bar food with a touch of class. Will go back if I'm in the area.Incredible !!the piano bar is amazing. She has the most incredible voice and knows all the classics!! Food is great!! I had the best grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup that I have ever put in my mouth!! Can't wait to see what happens here tomorrow!!!Clearly a nice discovery! The duck confit is fantastic! The pork belly slider was so good, it should become an entrée. The black bean burger is very good.
Even cocktails and desserts are excellent.
Definitively a must tryLate dinner here this evening with friends. Wonderful, tasty food and uber friendly wait staff. Looking forward to my next visit to taste the menu more. Pickled veggie plate and my burger were top notch!I was a little surprised when my group of straight friends told me that we would be going to the Tavern Restaurant for my friend Jill's birthday dinner, especially during the weekend of Pride but I was excited to try it out since it was one of the places in the gayborhood I had never been before.  We pre-gamed at her place and then the ten of us took an intoxicated trolley ride to the tavern from West Philly.  My first impression upon arriving was that I liked the exposed original wood and the quiet, romantic atmosphere.  It was quickly apparent that it wasn't the type of restaurant where rowdy 20-somethings come on a Saturday night, but more of a place for older gay men to enjoy a romantic date night.
The original waiter (perhaps he would be considered the "host?") was very friendly and capable, however, he told us that our actual waiter would be coming shortly.  Very quickly it became apparent that our actual waiter was in way over his head.  The menu is set up in such a way that you could easily make a whole meal out of appetizers, or you could make appetizers out of any of the sandwiches, which can come in "slider" sizes.  When he first took our order he asked us what we wanted for "appetizers" so I went ahead and ordered my meal, a slider burger with a side of fries.  Eventually he brought out my fries and various other appetizers ordered by my friends.  We didn't see him for a long time and then tried to order some more drinks and appetizers.  Probably 20 minutes later (probably an hour since we had been seated) he came back to take our main course orders.  In the end, I never got the drink I ordered nor my burger.  Most things that we ordered just never came.  By the time he came around to ask about it, I was already full from eating everyone's appetizers that I didn't even want my burger or drink.  I think the whole time we were there he filled my water once.  While I was waiting for the bathroom he did come up and apologize about my burger and said, "come in sometime and I will buy you a drink!"  Why couldn't he just give me my fries THAT NIGHT for free?  Submitting the check was a whole ordeal.  We wrote up all the amounts that needed to be charged to the various debit cards but it took him forever to attempt to handle the check and then brought them back and said that we were about $1 over the actual bill (in their favor!) and so he didn't even run it.  I felt like I was being held hostage.
This isn't to say that I didn't enjoy myself and the food.  We had a great time and spent a lot of time laughing.  The food itself was overall very good, although over-priced.  My favorite was the cheese plate.  So tasty!  The garlic fries were fairly good, although nothing truly spectacular.  I tried some pickled asparagus, which I enjoyed.  They easily could have gotten a 3 or even 4 star based on the food if the service wasn't so completely terrible.Great food, great service, and a nice dining experience! Our server was Michael J., and he was wonderful!We are a family of 4 adults visiting Philly for the weekend. Looking for dinner within hotel walking distance, we chose The Tavern. It was great!  The entrance is downstairs from street level. A cozy, wood and brick setting, everyone was friendly and the service quick. Our waiter, Michael was helpful with questions and very attentive. We started with Sriracha Deviled Farm Eggs and Popovers with jam (made onsite) and herb butter. Our entrees were Porchetta, Chicken Pot Pie, Beer-Can Chicken and Lamb Bolognese. Dessert was Apple Cake and Chocolate Pudding with Crumbled Cookie. All the food was appealing to the eye, tasted fresh and was delicious. Highly recommend!Had a great experience. Waiter was very attentive, refilled our waters probably 6-7x which was greatly appreciated. Fried pickle appetizer is a steal at $4! Had the grilled cheese with tomato soup - really delicious and filling! Had a Parasol for a drink and could've had ten more - it's THAT good.Music, and tv were very very weird,  food was delicious at midnight, place was cramped.  We missed it the first time, it's actually in the alleyway of camac street, it's not really a COMFORTABLE place I have to say. But the food was really good. I just wish the seats and sitting arrangements were better. Friend said fries were burnt and too salty, but the rest of the food was delixiousThe service and ambiance were fine, but I was disappointed with the food.  The sweet potato gnocchi looked like a sliced up sausage and tasted gluey.  The black bean/mushroom/edamame burger had the consistency of a paste slathered on a bun.  Not tasty either.  My friend liked his halibut over risotto, though.I'm having such trouble rating The Tavern. I called for a table for 2 on a friday night. We didn't know that the entrance for the restaurant was actually down stairs..... so we used the front door on the ground floor.. such amateurs. Upon entrance there was a piano, a bar, and a few tables. No hostess or anyone that worked there. I ran down a barback who was sweating and he pointed down the stairs. The downstairs has low ceilings, its crammed, and the hostess was at the completely opposite side of the stairs. Now that that's over... dinner.
Our waiter, who was extremely out of breathe and gave me anxiety just by looking at him, took our drink order. Came back with drinks and took our food order. 2 pork belly sliders and garlic fries. 40 minutes later we grabbed him as hes doing jumping jacks in the back (just kidding, but like why are you so outta breathe dude). I asked him if he could rush our food bc we needed to leave. 5 minutes later comes out extremely hot food. Assuming at this point either the waiter or cook messed up. Regardless, the waiter was extremely apologetic, which is really everything. The couple items we ordered were pretty good. Its a shame the set up was so weird.  It also looked like they only had 1 or 2 servers. 
Maybe. Maybe I'll try it again. I would give them a 2.5. I'll be nice and round up rather than down.This place was a surprising find. I was looking for a last minute restaurant on a busy Friday night and stumbled upon this place on Open Table. While there weren't many reviews, the menu looked promising. 
Located in an alley, it was a strange but intriguing location. I was delighted to find a nice bar and restaurant downstairs. The food and drinks, even their $5 house wine, were delicious.
I had their tuna tartar, which was excellent. It seemed like the chef had her own twist on fairly standard dishes.
Overall the night was great. We had a group of eight, and the acoustics allowed us to be able to hear everyone without shouting.2 stars because our cocktail was decent. Not a friendly bar for people of color....maybe just the white male LGBTQ community(the only other customer demographic when we walked in). Unfriendly service from the moment we walked into the door. Sad to receive this kind of service in my own community. :/I had the chicken sandwich with Brussels sprouts and the garlic fries and both were great. My friend had the grilled cheese and tomato soup and the grilled cheese was super good (I tried it because why not?) It has a good selection of drinks and a fun atmosphere.We stopped in here after a ballgame. Even though it was late and the kitchen was about to close, our waiter was very nice. I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The grilled cheese was really good. The soup was a little cold and just okay. I also had the house Merlot which I also enjoyed. Overall a good experience.My two friends and I came here for New Years brunch and left completely disappointed, frustrating and angry. We will not be coming back.
All three of us ordered the special of 3 pancakes and eggs for $10.  We were expecting 3 normal sized pancakes and two eggs as one would think from a menu item "3 pancakes and eggs"
We were sitting at our table waiting for our dishes (I wouldn't Even call them meals) for over 40 min just to get breakfast food.  Frustrated and starving, we finally get have our food served and we look down to see the smallest measliest 3 silver dollar pancakes and ONE EGG on a plate for brunch. I don't understand who in their right mind would think it's acceptable to serve as a meal one egg and three silver dollar pancakes that were all incredibly mediocre. This was unacceptable. 
In addition the quality was pathetic. One of our dishes had black burned pancakes and we were served expired orange juice. The orange juice was completely soured and when I told the waiter he acted shocked as if how dare I think the orange juice was bad. This was ridiculous. He took the orange juice off our bill but wouldn't do anything else to accommodate the wait or poor quality.  Waiting 40 minutes for 3 measly (burnt) pancakes and AN egg, and being served expired curdled orange juice is completely unacceptable and we were not remotely satisfied. We felt angry and cheated that we just wasted $10 each and an hour of our time on such horrible food.My friends and I came from out of town to have a night out. We were brought to tavern for a late dinner and drink in the basement level. Our waitress, who was seemly disgruntled, informed us they were closing soon but she would put in our food order. Her demeanor only got worse as she took out drink orders. She made the entire group feel extremely uncomfortable, sucking the air out of the room. We nearly left but had already ordered. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN. There's far too many bars and grills to be mistreated. I would advise management to review who was working this evening to be reprimanded immediately.Great burger (medium rare with cheddar equivalent cheese). I loved! the side salad of all things. We also shared the deviled eggs and we would recommend it. Eggs were tasty and not too heavy. Server, Michael, was really nice and friendly!I had a horrible experience there tonight.
Food was ok, just ok. Their prices are insanely high for what you actually get, but the worse was the service. I was pretty much told to leave because apparently it's against nature to eat there without participating in their quizzo.
I went there and were told that there was quizzo night, which we had no problem with. However, it seems like the person asking the quizzo questions had a problem with us being there and when started the game decided to single us out and said that we "were leaving". That was while we were waiting for our food to arrive.
That "welcoming" attitude was displayed after the server didn't listen to the way we wanted our drinks to be served, didn't let me finish my order and started my asking my husband for his order, and pretty much dismissed us, even though before their quizzo game started, we were the only customers there.
So if you're not into their quizzo thing, please stay away from that place. Again, their quizzo idea is not the problem, their poor service and horrible attitude is. As far as am concerned, never again. BTW, I found that quizzo thing just stupid.Oh my God, The Tavern Restaurant was really wonderful. This place is unbelievable. Very flavorful and nutritious. The service was also wonderful and everybody was charming. Awesome! Will return and recommend this spot always.Love this sweet little cellar tavern! Prefer the downstairs atmosphere to the piano bar. Best grilled cheese & tomato soup in Philly, classic cocktails are on point, beer selection is small but quality. Good service, cozy vibe.Upstairs seemed fun, but we had dinner downstairs. The food was either cold, lacking flavor or completely overdone. The best thing we tasted was a side of roasted carrots that came with my overly dry and hard meatloaf. The salmon was also dry, and basically flavorless. The drinks were rough as well. I will say the waitstaff was very friendly, and the ambiance was nice,  but wouldn't suggest the food.This place is on the verge!  GREAT food!  Eclectic choices.  Fantastic bar with Natalie at your service.This is one of my very favorite places to go for a cozy, comfortable and delicious dinner. Everything is high quality and absolutely delicious. The wait staff is friendly and fun and the drinks will kick your butt. What else could you want? Favorites: the burger, and the amazing grilled cheese and tomato soup. Fish dishes have been tasty, uber fresh and beautifully prepared. All of this goodness comes at a price, however. It's a tad expensive for a casual restaurant but we love it, so will undoubtedly continue to return.My wife and I spent New Year's weekend in Philly for the first time ever. I love Philly and couldn't wait. Found "The Tavern Restaurant" New Years night on Yelp. About 10 other couples there,  We were there with another couple and were lucky to have Jamie or Jerome or Jamal, no Jamie, I am sure. Anyway,  we all raved about the cauliflower starter  AMAZING. Was perfect for four people. I'd have it as a meal. The fried pickles were great too. Two of us had the meatloaf and loved it, one had the salmon and said it was the best she ever had and I had the Lamb Bouillons, It was great, Their custom Bulleit Old Fashioned and a great bottle of wine were enjoyed by all of us. Jamie was a great guy with a great sense of humor. A real enjoyable night. We thank them all for a perfect evening with friends!Came here on a Monday night with 2 other friends and was seated immediately. The servers were incredibly nice and checked up on us a few times. The man I spoke to over the phone even reserved the table for us when I called 5 minutes ahead to check if there's a wait. When you get to the location, it's the restaurant with the stairs that lead to the lower level- the upstairs floor (Tavern on Carmac) is a popular gay/piano bar. 
The executive chef here is Mackenzie Hilton who who won Chopped! on Food Network some time ago. For starters, we got the Sriracha deviled eggs. These eggs were solid but had a more yolky flavor than most deviled eggs I've had so would've enjoyed a little more of a creamy taste. That being sad, the dot of sriracha adds a nice kick and overall they're very tasty. For my own entree I ordered the burger (10$) with an addition of munester cheese (2$). You can add other things such as onions, fried egg, bacon, etc. The one thing that upset me was that I specifically asked for no tomato but the burger came out with a big beefsteak tomato anyway- not a huge problem since I just took it out but an annoyance nonetheless. Regardless, the burger was medium rare and juicy and overall very good. They came with a side of garlic fries but I couldn't really taste any discernible garlic flavor and we're basically regular fries.
My friend got the grilled cheese & tomato soup which was AWESOME. Tomato soup was perfectly creamy and the grilled cheese was thick & extremely cheesy as they use 3 different Cheeses. I was a big fan of the pepper jack inside as it had a bit of a kick that was very enjoyable. Definitely a plate I would come back for and bring friends to.The food here is surprisingly good. I say surprisingly because I've usually just thought of Tavern for its bar and dance floor, both of which are above the restaurant, which has a separate entrance and is in the basement. I got one of the sandwiches and really enjoyed it. The garlic fries that came with it were top notch. The prices were also affordable. The restaurant is usually pretty empty for whatever reason, but don't let that fool you: The food is really good.Hmmm... Where do I start? I absolutely love Tavern. I came across a FooBooz article about when Tavern was first opening & it explained how the head chef there Mackenzie (who is awesome by the way) had won on Top Chef. Now, I have always been a big fan of watching Top Chef so I knew I had to try out the restaurant. When my boyfriend and I had walked there we didn't realize that they don't open until 6pm so we went around the corner for a drink to kill time. 
Once the restaurant opened we were welcomed by a cheerful staff who was very knowledgeable about the menu. We let the waitress pick out all of our appetizer items for us which wound up being amazing. She served us items such as kale chips, a pickled plate with pickles, pickled cucumber rinds, beets, etc, deviled eggs, cheese plate, and a salad. 
Now I've been there many times so I have tried many things, The one cool thing about the menu is the sandwich section. Most of the sandwiches you can purchase as a slider or as a full sandwich which is pretty cool if your in the mood for both a poboy and a burger you can do both and still have room in your stomach. 
Cocktails are great. They added a TV there which is a plus and did I mention that they serve food until 3 am? Now don't get your hopes up.. they don't serve alcohol past 2am, it's the law! lol 
I definitely recommend trying one of their frozen boozy pops. They're always tasty.Was trying to find a place to eat late at night on a Saturday and this seemed to be one of the few. We sat by the bar and ordered a burger and beer can chicken. The food was delicious and we were amazed to have found such quality food so late at night.This is my second time eating at this venue.  And after my first visit, I invited 13 friend to join me for dinner and conversations.  The food is amazing, the service is direct and informative.  We enjoyed great salads, various sliders from Duck to Breakfast burgers and even a great pickled plate - we didn't know what most of the item on the plate were, but they were all delicious.  One of the many unique things about this place, besides the food is the secret location of it and that they serve outstanding food till 3am!  If I had to pick at one thing that I didn't like, I personally thought it was too bright, but then again I am a vampire..I have found from some minor investigating that's the people that are leaving extraordinary great reviews happens to be friends and families of the owners. As I am neither I just have one thing to say about this dump. Maybe more than one thing. The food is lousy the service sucks the atmospheres mediocre. Once again a gay owned operation is taking advantage of the gay clientele. They've also taken over the street as if it is their own.. it is fairly obvious that they are lining the pockets of the local police force. This place should be shut down immediatelyI came here based on a book called "Unique Eats and Eateries" written by Irene Levy Baker.  The restaurant is in the basement of building that also houses a piano bar and a dance floor, but both were not in operation when my wife and I dined here on a Thursday night.  
We were one of two tables and the service was fast and efficient.  They have a full page selection of craft beer and wines at fair prices.  The menu is simple, and with some research before we went, we ordered the fries (amazing), cheese sandwich with tomato soup, and the Wedge Salad.  All of the food was perfectly cooked and had great taste.  The fries were as good as you can make them.  The wedge needed a little more Blue Cheese which the server immediately brought.  
I highly recommend the Tavern as a great place to eat in Center City.The most delicious meal me and my bf Joseph had, hands down, whilst in Philadelphia!!! 
Tavern on Camac is a 3 level one stop shop for great ambiance, deliciousness and fun!!!
We visited on July 25, 2021.
Being a native Los Angelino, walking downstairs from street level to The Tavern Restaurant to then see the beautiful exposed beam and brick dining room was SUCH A TREAT!!!
Our dinner was SO DELICIOUS. Everything was cooked to perfection(even the salad dressing was delicious, yeesh!). Every bite was savored and appreciated. Bravo to the kitchen on that!!!
Shout out also to our server Michael. He was so delightful and personable...
Can't wait to come back! 10/10I came here based on a book called "Unique Eats and Eateries" written by Irene Levy Baker.  The restaurant is in the basement of building that also houses a piano bar and a dance floor, but both were not in operation when my wife and I dined here on a Thursday night.  
We were one of two tables and the service was fast and efficient.  They have a full page selection of craft beer and wines at fair prices.  The menu is simple, and with some research before we went, we ordered the fries (amazing), cheese sandwich with tomato soup, and the Wedge Salad.  All of the food was perfectly cooked and had great taste.  The fries were as good as you can make them.  The wedge needed a little more Blue Cheese which the server immediately brought.  
I highly recommend the Tavern as a great place to eat in Center City.A couple of friends and I came here for dinner Friday night, and everything was delicious! To start we ordered a round of drinks, and I opted for a glass of the house Cabernet. We then continued with a share of the kale chips before we ordered our entrees.
As an entree I ordered the burger with a side of garlic fries, which were amazing. I attempted to eat everything on my plate, but the sheer size of it stopped me about 2/3 of the way through the burger, though I managed to eat all but a few of the fries.
The service was also friendly, and the ambiance agreeable. I highly recommend The Tavern Restaurant if you are in want of a nice meal out!Terrible from start to end. If you want to feel like you're living in China then visit this nasty place. They were dirty - low quality food, horrible service and should shut the doors. Do not eat here.