Love the draft list, though I wish they had everything on their list all the time. They have the switch system where if one particular beer runs out, there's a replacement draft for that beer. Even so, there's a great selection.
There's plenty of seating, but it fills up quickly. We stood around for a bit before we got a place to sit. The bartenders are quick and would check on you periodically, despite being very busy. 
Overall, great atmosphere, great beer.Wait time was way too long for French toast, an omelette, and Mac n cheese mixed with short ribs (5" ramekin). 
The food was tasty but you can make it at home. 
The decor is great. 
Bathrooms are clean. 
Music is groovy. 
3 pluses and 2 minuses equals 3 stars.Great draft selection and the Cambridge Hall burger is not to be missed.  The pork belly crostinis are on point as well but I wouldn't say that anything else on the menu is that spectacular.Cambridge was awesome until they cut food portions in half but kept prices the same. Overall food quality has slipped. Too bad. Rip off.I found myself grabbing dinner here on a Sunday evening.  Upon walking in you can't help but note the wood work, and chic metal work that are the hanging lights.  Great feel upon first stepping in the door.
  The restaurant was fairly empty (understandable for 9pm on a Sunday) and we were sat in the back by the bathrooms.  All I have to say, the scented candles in the bathrooms, great touch.  I might have pee'd  by candle light just because I could!  
  I elected to go with the Roast beef sandwich, while the ladies I was with elected to each dabble with their burgers.  My sandwich, although delicious most definately sat in the window for a few minutes.   The bottom of the roll was a soggy mess, and the beef was barely warm.  I elected to not say anything to our server simply because I almost never send food back, and I was starving.  Don't get me wrong, the sandwich was delicious & I cleared my plate, but I was slightly disappointed. 
  Our server could have been more on point, it took over 15 minutes for him to refill our beverages, & we were never asked how the food was and if we needed/wanted anything else.I like this place - warm cozy atmosphere with homey filling food and an extensive and interesting beer list.  However, service and speed need to be improved.  That said, I would try this place again though.
The short rib mac-n-cheese was very good (needed some salt though - there was none in it).  The pierogies were yummy, but portion size was a bit small (3 per order).  The fries in the poutine were a bit soggy though.  Stuffed peppers were mushy and unmemorable.
Entree did not arrive until at least 30minutes after appetizers though (on a slow weeknight) and no updates on progress and the wait staff was not very apologetic.  This is perhaps because I came with a large group and staff was guaranteed a hefty tip the minute we sat down.Sat at the bar... Female bartender was ABSOLUTELY miserable. Ruined the entire night. Such a depressed person. If you work in the service industry (as I do) you need to put at least a straight face on. Will not go back any time soon. Horrible atmosphere.Great food and good, reasonably priced beer selection.  Both dishes we ordered were delicious.  It's a very popular place, so don't expect a quiet dinner for hushed conversation - but the atmosphere is fun and casual, and the service is solid.Updating my review from 2012, I was dissappointed there were slim to none veggie options.  Now they have a wonderful huge veggie salad with:  Roasted Celery Root, Fennel Butternut Squash, Lentil Vinaigrette, Baby Arugula.   Its dammmmn good so now I'm a happy camper :-)   That earns Cambridge 4.5 stars now!  (not 5 because its always packed and loud).  Still love this place!  I'm here often.  Everything else about my prior review is still true!  Oh, and the nachos are really yummy too!I love it here. Cambridge is a great place for really good food and beer. I don't usually eat roast beef but after ordering it on a whim with a hangover, it's been hard for me to order anything else. They always have good specials and the pierogies are Delish. The bar has nice dim lighting with a cozy feel. Staff is super friendly. 
My only complaints are food can sometimes take awhile to come out but totally worth the wait. Also the noise level is ridiculous. The only time I didn't have a problem hearing people at my table was brunch. So don't bring grandma here for dinner!Really loving The Cambridge lately. Last Saturday we stopped in and shared some appetizers for dinner - the poutine and the short rib mac and cheese - and of course we had some beers. The apps were large portions, very delicious, and left us feeling satisfied and happy. 
Today we went for brunch around noon, we sat at the bar. I had the chicken biscuit sandwich which was huge; very flavorful and filling, I enjoyed it very much. Ben had the quesadilla which was exactly what he was craving. Lots of beers on the draft list were crossed out today - probably after a busy Friday and Saturday night- but there were plenty of great beers to choose from. It was consistently crowded, but the bartenders checked in on everyone frequently enough. We will be back again soon, I see the Cambridge becoming part of our usual rotation.Came here on a Thursday night and the place was packed. I was with a group of 4, and there was a bit of a wait (about 20 minutes), but I'm glad we stuck around. They have a great beer selection, and the cocktails are delicious. 
I got the Hawthorne In Your Side cuz I'm a sucker for Laphroaig cocktails. It was really delicious and had nice, warm spices. My friend got the Main Line Affair, which was tasty but a little too sweet for my tastes.
Our group ordered the brussel sprouts, which were insanely good. Even my friend who doesn't normally like brussel sprouts couldn't stop eating them. They were so good that we flagged down the waitress to order a second plate. Food is not bad -- I got the oyster po boy, but the brussel sprouts were still the undeniable star of the night.I have had better experiences at the Cambridge. But I have to say something because today the service was quite poor. I ordered wine, which was served with 3 flies floating on top. The waitress didn't adjust the bill, offer anything different, in fact she barely blinked. I really think a better response was warranted.The Cambridge is one of my go-to gastropubs in Philly. The menu is filled with consistently well-cooked, crowd-pleasing dishes--short rib mac and cheese, brined pork sandwich, fried chicken--and the beer list almost always has at least a few interesting new brews that I haven't tried. I'd skip most off the appetizers, but the desserts are solid. And the courtyard out back is a lovely setting for lunch or dinner in the summer.
Try to make happy hour (half off beers before 6 p.m.!), and grab a seat at the bar. The bartenders are really knowledgeable about their brews and give great recommendations.Great restaurant with excellent assortment of craft beers (including gluten free beer). Brussel sprout appetizer was the best ever! Burgers and chicken sandwiches were excellent, too.Cool spot that I have passed numerous times and wanted to try.  Showed up post- brunch elsewhere.  Lovely atmosphere especially when the weather is nice and the large front windows are open.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed a number of drinks.  Fantastic bloody Mary's and good beer selection.  Some of the food from the brunch menu that came by makes me think that I need to add this to my "to visit" brunch spots.  I will have to follow up on this review when I can taste the brunch or dinner menus.Went to The Cambridge last night and had a great time! If I remember correctly our waiter's name was Carl and he was very helpful! I asked him what beer he recommended and he lead me in the right direction! I got the Christmas beer ( I can't remember the name but it was a wonderful decision!) I ordered the house ground burger and my friend ordered the black bean burger. Both burgers were delicious. The overall atmosphere was warm and welcoming, The only complaint the had were the backless stools but it's not that big of a deal. I will definitely be back!Literally the best meal I have in the city in a hell of a long time. The porker burger blew my mind. the sirloin mix in the burger gave me thy most precise taste of medium rare grill. And the fries, don't get me started. fried to the perfect crisp temperature. Chicken and biscuits were perfect. The chef is from the south so you know it's authentic. The beer selection is unparalleled. Outdoor seating area is gorgeous for those nice days/ nights. REQUEST DANNY for your server. He had great knowledge of both the drink and food menus. Can't recommend this place more. Try it out !!!Good vibe, if slightly loud for dining conversation (but we were seated right next to the bar, so I think the other side would've been quieter).
Food was solid, particularly the bacon tomato bisque with grilled cheese-like croutons and the fish'n'chips. My House Grind burger was good, though not evenly cooked all the way through, and the fries were yummy. None of the food I tasted/ate was overly salted--perhaps the chef saw the earlier reviewer and adjusted?
Ps. Hawthorne in Your Side (Laphroaig 10 yr Scotch, Drambuie, Fernet Branca, Cinnamon Syrup, Angostura, Orange bitter) is awesome.We stopped here for brunch for our last day of a weekend trip to Philly. The food was ok but suuuuuuper overpriced, it was the terrible service that was the real issue. We ordered coffees and cocktails and our waitress never asked if we wanted refills. We never received spoons for stirring said coffees, no one asked how our food was- nothing.A Great tragedy. 
Dropped in this bar for a nightcap after wanting to go here for awhile. Was having a great conversation with my sister and husband about the political situation in our country. Out of the blue the bartender asks us to "politely not talk about politics in this establishment" because it will excite other patrons (there were only 4 other people there who we asked individually if they were offended. No one knew what we were talking about and laughed with us on the ridiculousness of the manager and bartender).  I asked for my money back from my unfinished drink so I could leave immediately. They did not comply.  I give this place a pass unless you want to be limited on your intimate conversations with your friends. A great disappointment.
Note to the manager: It would have been a good gesture to offer to credit at least one drink and apologize for your bartender's overreaction. This was a terrible customer experience for us and you ruined our evening.  As a result you have lost at least 7 customers who will never return to this establishment again.So good I went back for dinner! Brunch was great because they accommodated my dairy sensitivity so well - flavor certainly wasn't compromised. Their full selection of local beers paired perfectly with their spacious back patio. This was the perfect place to welcome summer and warm weather!My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place on Memorial Day weekend and we were so happy we did.  The interior is such a fun mash up of decorative styles and the hidden patio out back is charming.  We weren't hungry but one look at their menu made my mouth water and him and I already plan to return soon.  To top it all off their beer and cocktail menu are delightful.Came here for brunch with a girlfriend around 1 pm Saturday, it was busy but not slammed. Sat at the bar and had a Bloody Mary, it wasn't my favorite but I did see her make the Rumchata coffee for someone else which looked delicious.
I ordered the chorizo egg sandwich which was really good! The home fries were nice and crispy and I was glad I could add avocado.
Overall I think this is a good brunch spot and will definitely be back to try more.I live around the block and whenever I have friends visiting, this is where I take them. Great service, fresh food, and a cozy vibe. Perfect for brunch or dinner. I highly recommend!My fiancée and I had a pretty poor experience. It was busy, and a Friday night. We got in around 6:15, could not be seated until 6:45 no prob. Had a few drinks not an issue. Server came by at 650-7, we ordered the house burger and the chicken sandwich. It was not insane but pretty busy, but we didn't get our food until 735-740.  My burger was overcooked by a long shot (ordered medium it was crumbly gray), my fiancée got a chicken sandwich which was between a bun made of biscuits which was a poor concept as it was way too much bread. Way too much. It took me about 5-10 min to get my servers attention and I asked for a manager. While waiting for a manager, some woman with reddish hair came by and asked how we were doing. I said I was waiting for a manager. She began to ask why. I said my burger was overcooked, and my fiancées chicken was also slightly overdone as well. I mentioned we had been there for about 40 min and just wanted to get out because it was so long, she challenged me on time stamps on the check, (as if she checked before she walked over). She begins to challenge me as if I didn't know when we got there (Facebook check in time stamp ;) ). Then she tells me I'm wrong about our food temp, without knowing I'm a vet of the restaurant industry I get infuriated. She actually told me "really sir? Your chicken is over cooked?" That is one way to be fired as a manager of any restaurant. I told her I was not satisfied with her response and I told her I would wait for someone else in an angry tone. Don't tell me what I don't know because your server maybe forget to put our check in the POS and you use that time stamp as your guideline when you already looked at it before you talked to us, and then Act like you didn't know what was going on. 
The saving grace.
Dan the manager comes over I ask to speak with him outside. I explain everything, he's very pleasant and supportive like any good restaurant manager should be. We hash out a reasonable conclusion and we're done and I'm happy. I sit back down we get our check sans burger, and we pay (I tipped the server $10 on a $40 without discounts check) and we leave. I thanked dan on the way out and we were good. Total time 3-5 min.
My recommendation. Go to the Cambridge if you want happy hour and a great beer list. Don't try to eat any food here when it's busy. They must have poor kitchen staff who can't cook under that demand. We had great beer and had spent almost $40 on just beer before our bad food experience. Don't let some short red head manager lady boss you around without actually talking to you or asking you how much you spent here already on a different credit card. I think they need to implement a waiting list outside as it creates more of a buzz and less struggling to order a $7 craft beer. Bob and Barbara's is across the street if I want that.
Promote Dan to manager of the universe. I'll sign a petition on whitehouse.gov to make that happen. The only reason I'm coming back is because of him.Nice place  and nice beer selection.  Staff is  distantly friendly and polite and efficient.  The food was not very good though.  The calamari was overcooked  and the nachos had barely any cheese.  I am still tasting the bean concoction they put all over the otherwise crunchy possibly homemade tortilla chips. Pleasant time but should have eaten somewhere else.Came here for brunch after the Philly Marathon and my friends and I was super excited to come, but unfortunately, I just found the whole experience as rather average. I'm not sure if it was because I was with a group of 8, but the service was incredibly slow. Despite that fact, the staff was very polite. I had the truffle mushroom omelet and again, was unimpressed and found it to be rather underseasoned. The side of potatoes was also inconsistent on how it was cooked. Some undercooked, some were over, some were just right. I was confused and a little bummed out. Maybe brunch isn't for me, but in the meantime, there is always dinner and when the weather gets warmer, the back patio would be open and looks like a really great place to enjoy happy hour.This review is just for drinks and the bar area... 
First time at the Cambridge was on Valentine's Day, I met a single (guy) friend for early drinks.  Bar was already crowded at 5 pm, but we snagged stools at a counter in the back corner.  Service was *great*, very attentive waiters.  Drinks were excellent - I had a special fig sidecar (YUM) and my traditional go-to gin martini.  Prices were comparable to other bars in Philly.  One star off for volume - the music was GREAT, but MAN, it was kinda loud in there.  Looking forward to trying their food!The Cambridge is an absolute gem!
While visiting Philadelphia for the holidays, I make it a point to visit all of my favorite places as well as checking out some new spots around the city. I heard about this place from a friend on Facebook, and decide to stop in for a beer and quick bite. We ended up indulging a bit more than planned, while sampling a broad selection of food and libations.
The arancini with bing cherry jam is tremendous and a must try. 
Brussels sprouts were exceptional - crisp and flavorful.
The cauliflower cheesesteak is a great surprise and vegetarian's dream. 
For the sweet tooth - the hazelnut profiteroles were unreal! 
The service here is on point too - From the chef coming out to connect with us, to the servers regularly checking in on us and making great recommendations. While I'm only in town for a another week, I'll definitely be back to The Cambridge again before I leave for LA.
5 Stars!!The Cambridge is a very good, casual restaurant/pub with very nice menu items. The Brussels sprout S may be the best thing on the menu, and surely rather best sprouts cooked around the world. The marinated chicken sandwich is super, tasty and crunchy, with delicious spread. The pecan crusted chicken is terrific and large, and the accompanying mashed parsnips look like creamy mashed potatoes but have a more delish flavour.  Loud music and loud cried, but always a good restaurant choice.I just went for drinks but i felt it was overpriced even for philly.  I had french fries but they were cold when they came out. 
I prob would not go back.Stopped in for a few drinks after a disappointing happy hour at Tio Flores last night. Loved the beer menu! There was a lot of variety. We went with two of the "Pizza Boy" beers - the "Farmhouse" one was deemed the best and I think overall we ended up having 6 or 8 of those. The prices are extremely fair. I saw some other beers on the menu that I'd love to try another time.
We sat at the bar - two seats had just opened up as we walked in so we snagged them. For St. Patrick's Day, it was not overly packed at all unless maybe they all left before we arrived around 7:30-8pm, so I think it would be a nice "quiet" place on South Street to go to a Happy Hour after work.
The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars yet is because we didn't eat any food, but I fully intend on coming back and giving it a try!We dined last night for drinks and apps. Overall, the food was yummy and the service was great. We ordered a bunch of different apps (arancini was amazing) and a bottle of chad Pinot noir. Our bill was $240 for four people and we were baffled considering we didn't even order entrees. The bottle of wine which retails for $17.99 at wines and spirits was marked up by 400% and sold at the Cambridge for $73 a bottle. This is absolutely outrageous for the the type of restaurant this is. It's not like we are dining at a Steven Starr establishment. For the price of beers and food overall, wine should not be nearly this much. They sell it by the glass for $15 so in hindsight, each of us were better off ordering two glasses then splitting two bottles. Normally, when you order a bottle it's cheaper than buying by the glass. Next time, I will make sure to ask the price since the Cambridge felt it necessary to not list their bottle prices. This isn't New York City. And a 400% mark up is just robbing people blind. Beware of chad and restaurants that don't care how much they over charge their customers.This place is super cute. Went here for brunch on Sunday and the staff was really attentive and nice. Have a great selection of beers and breakfast items and lunch items. I really like the decor here as well. 
My friend bought a burger and I bought the breakfast pork roll sandwich. Burger was cooked medium and still juicy while my sandwich was amazing!!! 
I always wanted to try this place out and I'm happy i did =) they have outdoor seating in the back and a nice bar area as well. The indoor table seating area is nice too. Definitely will be back! 
Also the area its located is great. Central to the city and right off of South. Has a lot of other food/bar places surrounding it as well.Came here with a couple of friends and we really enjoyed the weather sitting outside on the patio. The staff is very friendly and the food is decent compared to other places around the area. I ordered the nachos and it was delicious. The portions are big and the atmosphere is relaxing. I highly recommend for anyone wanting to go somewhere more casual but still has a nice scene.It's hard to be impressed until a bar carries your favorite beer! Cambridge had my Gueuze Cuvée René! Amen. In general the beer selection is wonderful, despite my spirited soulmate. The environment is classy, warm and comfortable. It doesn't get much better than this, except with noise level. The noise was mind shattering, contradicting the warm and comfortable atmosphere, this is probably because of the tight space. As far as I can see the brunch grub is up there with Honeys and other great brunch places, still have to try! Be back soon!!I have been coming to The Cambridge only for drinks before or post dinner. They have a great beer selection and always show you a list of beers that are "coming soon" for the next month or season. The cocktail menu is great too and friends who have ordered from it have never complained!
I finally had dinner here for the first time and I highly recommend the nachos for an appetizer! They are not too big and have a nice citrus flavor. Which is different than most nacho platters in Philadelphia am I right? I got the pork belly special sandwich filled with brie goodness and a side salad. Even the side salad was on point so I will definitely check out their warm vegetable salad next time! A little pricey for two but not bad for coming one in awhile for dinner!The Cambridge evades me. I have been here 4 different times trying to get dinner but only ate once after waiting an hour and a half for a small table. That first time we apparently had nothing better to do so we just sat around and waited. The three other times the host said the wait would be 30 minutes, so we hang at the bar for 30 minutes...when I check back and he says it will be yet another 30 minutes. This happened on three separate occasions! I don't mind waiting but don't make up random numbers people. 
That said the one time I was actually able to eat dinner here the food was good. For the appetizer we had the Short Rib Mac and Cheese which was delish and then the House Grind burger and Grilled Steak as the main course. The food was so good we kept trying to go back, but after the fourth try we have given up on the dream.I really love this bar. Wonderful beer (the most important thing to me when going to a bar). Good food. Great ambiance. Beautiful interior. In nice weather the outdoor patio is awesome. I've always had good service. 
(The only downside - no chairs with backs, only stools, even though there is a clear dining area. But I just can't take points off for this since I enjoy The Cambridge so much.)I live in the neighborhood and have been to The Cambridge many, many times. It is truly a great eat addition to South St.  The food is good and the beer list is eclectic. I really like the porker burger and the nachos are good as well. My wife and friends rave about the brunch menu items and the Bloody Mary's   My only complaint is that many of the bartenders and servers I got to know well are now gone which is unfortunate as they were all great. Not a knock on the new crew though as they all seem nice and professional. Proximity to the pop-up garden is also a plus.Been going here pretty often. It's just a really well thought out place. Has a nice little courtyard in back, inside has a pretty lumber like decor. But the beer list makes the place, the food is a bit lackluster. And besides one bad experience the service has been good. Really like this spot.For some reason, I apparently only ever make it to the Cambridge when there's a beer event going on. First, Bloktoberfest in the neighborhood. More recently -- Cigar City/Due South, Ballast Point and "Dark, Dark Night" during Philly Beer Week. Yep, three visits in a week!
Least enjoyable experience: Hovering by the bar while the place was packed and attempting to get a beer while not bumping into anyone. Surprise, surprise.
Best experience: Their back patio. Sat there most recently. It closes at midnight so visit before then. Comfortable and mellow on summer nights. Great service too!
As for food, I've only had the mac and cheese personally. It was pretty good. Not my favorite. I've heard better things about other dishes, though.
Nice spot overall. I'd probably visit more often if it was closer to my apartment.So, I've been to the Cambridge a few times. The first time, I was not blown away.  I went twice in the last month and both were great experiences.  I went with a friend for dinner and we shared a bunch of starters.  We enjoyed the food so much, we placed an additional order just to try other items on the menu.  The flatbread was my favorite, and we went all out with a fried egg and prosciutto toppings.  We also enjoyed the Brussels sprouts and pork belly.  No complaints on food and they make a great dark and stormy.
I went a couple weeks afterward and had a great experience with their host and servers. I had a pretty large group and they were very gracious about finding a spot for us and making sure we were comfortable while waiting.  All in all a great experience.Was very disappointed with this place. A few of my coworkers and I went here for dinner on a Wednesday night. My first interaction was the unfriendly hostess who could not believe that we did not make a reservation. However, the whole back room had open seating. She stated that we couldn't be seated for at least an hour. We proceeded to get drinks at the bar. There were only two stools open, so most of the party had to stand in a corner. We eventually ordered and crowded around some disappointing food. We never got seated for the two hours we were there even with open tables. Th only reason why I gave two stars is because I thought they had a good beer selection. Do not go here if you are looking for good service or tasty food.The only reason this place doesn't get a four-star rating is it's lack of veggie options.
I went here twice. Once, I had every intention to only drink. It was late and I knew they had a great beer list, so I took a friend who is a total beer snob. We loved it! The list was soo extensive and it had multiple options that both of us enjoyed. He's an IPA kinda guy, I'm a stout kinda girl. Not to mention the decor is awesome!
The second time I went was during brunch. I actually wasn't hungry at all, but I went with someone who was looking for a hearty brunch. I ended up drinking a few very good bloody marys, he had some food and beers. I'm really glad I wasn't hungry because they literally didn't have a single vegan brunch item on the menu. I give them props for the couple vegetarian options they had, they looked like they would have been good.
At least I know that this place is not a place I can eat, but I'm more than happy to grab a few rounds.Awesome service and great drinks. I'll have to stop by for food, but anywhere with Saturday brunch is ok with me.I had the heirloom cauliflower cheesesteak and let me just say it was incredible!  The others enjoyed their food too. Nice place, friendly staff. We'll be back!This place was good.  We kind of stumbled in here one night. It felt very "Paul revere" if you know what I mean.  It was like an old school revolutionary time feel. Now don't get me wrong we enjoyed the food and the wine. We bought got the house cheeseburger and it was definitely tasty and I'm not sure what type of bread they used for their buns but it is definitely tasty.  I didn't LOVE the place for 2 reasons.  The seating felt like we were stacked on top of each other which I didn't like very much. It was also very dark inside. I could barely read the menu (but I get the feeling they were going for). The other thing too is that is was EXTREMELY overpriced.  For 2 cheeseburgers, a glass of Pinot noir, and a beer. Over $100. I couldn't believe it.  I think if you are going to price it like that you should make the experience a little bit more comfortable.I love pretty much everything on tap here and they also have an excellent take-away selection.  I recently had the short rib mac and cheese and it was underwhelming.  It's basically kraft mac and cheese and the short rib was very greasy.  The fries are consistently delicious and I've also tried their perogies, which are decent as well (I'm partial to kraftwork's).  When I was there last week, the outside patio still was "closed for the season"... but isn't this the season?  Are they waiting until June when your clothes stick to your body from Philadelphia humidity?  Regardless, lovely bar with excellent draught selection and friendly staff.This place is great! I recently stopped by for dinner with a friend on a Saturday night. The host told us that there might be a 30-minute wait, but we got seats at the bar in less than 10 minutes. The draft list, food, music, and ambience were all amazing. My friend and I both got the pork burger, which was perfection. It also came with the crispiest fries! My one and only complaint about The Cambridge would be that the music was a tad too loud for a sit-down bar. Other than that, it was a great experience and I will definitely be back.Very good experience overall. We went with some friends for Saturday night drinks and appetizers and were not disappointed. Our bartender was very attentive, the drink menu was extensive, and their perogis were excellent. As a man who loves trying a different beer every night, I thoroughly enjoy their rotating beer menu. I'll be back for sure.I always forget about this place when trying to decide where to go. Had brunch here a few weeks ago and have been a few times for just drinks. Solid spot in this area. Really cute outside garden in the back. I like the dark feeling on the inside of the bar, great casual date spot. Food was really good- i think i had a brunch burger with fries. Good, standard burger. Once time i was there for drinks i had the cheese plate. Again, solid appetizer. They have a really good beer list and the bartender that night was really nice and helpful. Highly recommend it.Stale fries tasted days old. First time trashing food while still hungry. To be fair, we ordered through Caviar so perhaps their delivery food is not of the same quality. In any case, it was not edible. And I'm considered one of those who eats pretty much anything.What a great place just off Broad Street!  A surprisingly simple menu with some really yummy items. Try the fish and chips or the delicious turkey burger or a long list of "sammies" which include banh mi sandwiches and fried chicken and biscuits.  How can you go wrong with a list like this?  Yumb!  We sat at the bar and got great service and vey generous pots from our two bartenders.
This place is huge by the way so you can bring a bucket load of friends here any night or day.  They have a GOT night on Sunday and Monday to boot!
This is a no brainer for a night out!Hey, I've never done this before but I was so put off by my experience here, last night, that I just had to. I walked in at 7 to meet a friend and b-lined it to the bar. Seeing that there weren't 2 open stools, I momentarily rested my bag on the the long empty high top across from the bar. A hostess quickly approached to inform me that if I wanted to sit here, I would be assigned a server. While insisting that I understood and only needed a moment to consult with the person I was meeting before making any serious seating decisions, my friend walked in and we asked if we could instead sit at a table even though we were just ordering drinks. They said they'd have to check the reservations, but came back assuring us it was fine and we were seated in the dining room. From that point on, we felt unwelcome and rushed. It was obvious the dining room was filling up with people eating, and maybe the perception was that we were taking up space for patrons that would be spending more money, but that's why we asked if it was ok to JUST DRINK at a table ahead of time. So after an hour of constant awkward check-ins from our server to see if we wanted our drinks refreshed, we were handed a bill that we DID NOT ASK FOR, and told to "Have a nice night" after only our second round. That was just a total slap in the face. It was like, "Your time has expired at The Cambridge. Please relinquish your table for more serious customers. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable at the dive bar across the street? I hear it's karaoke night..." Look, we get it. It's a Friday night, and there's money to be made. Just don't tell us it's ok to do something and then punish us for doing it. Totally ruined the evening. 
PS-I love that dive bar across the street. Just wanted to try something different.Sadly, my review is different than many here. We have been to Hawthorne many times and enjoyed the hospitality and food immensely. So excited when our beloved, for very different reasons, Tritone was going to become an outpost in my neighborhood. The first few times were ok. Solid drinks and tap-system. Food, with a few glitches, was aok. Cue to last week. Stopped in and ordered a burger (medium-rare...as rare as the Kitchen will let out of the Kitchen) and a Cider. The Cider was ok. The burger? I swear they threw it in a deep-fryer. Ate one bite. Not taken off check. Once bitten-twice shy has never been my mantra. That has changed. Stopped in after a 12 hour day, ordered a burger (with a heads-up to the Bartender) to go. M/R, Cheddar...that's it). Got home. Got a well-done. Brie (?)...poached pears. Un-real. Sent a message the next day in the hope that my concerns would be addressed. Not a word. Last night a Friend BEGGED me to go...grrrr...for a drink. The Cider served to her was, at best, skunked. When this was mentioned to the Bartender, after A sip, we were told "Maybe it's you"...never offered to replace/refund...asked for check...Barkeep starts to loudly berate my Friend for leaving no tip...after having an explanation spelled-out for him.. Worst Service I have ever had the displeasure of paying for. I am well aware, as a 17 year Resident of this Neighborhood, how much we need a good Bar/restaurant. This is not it.Been waiting to pop my Cambridge cherry for a while now and finally I was able to check it out last night.  Immediately loved the vibe.  The bar looks awesome...just perfectly carved and stained wood that gives the whole restaurant a great base to work from.  I also liked that the bar area was sort of separated from the sit down area.
I was able to grab a table for two right away and while it didn't bother me in the slightest, be prepared to sit on top of the person next to you.  Luckily she smelled like peaches.  Also the acoustics are a little rough (i.e. loud as shiznit in here)...we were involuntarily playing the repeater all night.
Waiter was awesome and so was the food.  I just had snickety snacky bar food but I would recommend both the pierogies and brussel sprouts to anyone.  Actually I would probably sleep with the brussel sprouts on the first date (I'm easy).
Anyways...this place was buttertown and I look forward to heading back for a solid vibe.The Cambridge continues to be a go-to for pub grub done well. The service is consistently pleasant with a nice (if sometimes noisy) atmosphere. It also serves a mean brunch with an omelette that zings with diced, spicy, pickled jalapenos and well-seasoned potatoes.Rampant cheating at their pub quiz on Monday nights. Takes all the fun out of it.The beer list changes often, but there is rarely an IPA (black IPA maybe). The food is hit or miss. Eight of us at the table and four dishes were enjoyed and the other four were disappointing. Also, those chairs! simply not comfortable. I prefer the older sibling, Hawthorne's.I went in for brunch and had the pork roll sandwich with an avocado on it, and it was delicious. It also came with home fries that were great. The service was also prompt and not overwhelming. I also got a coffee and a wheat beer to accompany the meal. Would go back.I had a pretty good time here. I got the wings, my husband got the chicken sandwich, and we absolutely loved one of their ciders (I think it was called something like apple pie). The food was good and the atmosphere was cool. I would go back.This is a neighborhood gem. Its got a terrifically long and interesting beer list, specializing in sour ales. There are always a couple of sour ales among those on tap, and a large collection of bottles. 
While you are drinking these delicious ales, you can sit outside in their large cheery backyard patio. The appetizers are good, especially the pierogies. 
The entrees? They are good, but not amazing. I am reviewing this place as a pub. If you are just looking for a nice dinner, you can do better elsewhere. If you want somewhere to enjoy some unusual beers with friends while eating bar appetizers, you can't do better than the Cambridge.I've been here a few times now with friends. The food is pretty bland. The staff is not particularly friendly. Overall would not recommend.In love with their pierogies!  Rotating fillings in the pierogies make you want to stop in once a week just to see what is in em this week.  Best filling so far was buffalo chicken.  Overall, great beer selection, constantly rotating.  Solid service too.I stopped in here with some friends during Philly Beer Week since they were one of the few places with a table left.  They have a neat gastropub atmosphere with an English feel.  There is outdoor seating in the back that I would like to try sometime.  
They were out of one of the beers our entire table wanted to order, but we did find some nice substitutes.  I ordered their pierogi, which apparently rotates periodically.  It was a bit overpriced even though it was handmade - I believe $9 for 3 pierogi, but it was delicious nonetheless.  I also had to try the fish and chips, and they were nice and flaky with a pretty good crust.  Overall, I enjoyed the food and atmosphere.Their specialty cocktails are wonderful! This place is rustic, charming and a great place to grab a drink! They have an awesome outdoor space that is fenced in a small garden with cute seating and a wonderful atmosphere! Love this place!Cambridge has become my favorite spot in the neighborhood! The decor is very warm, inviting & charming (love the distressed wood behind the bar and cute little patio). Great craft beer selection, especially the seasonals (pumpkin!), all reasonably priced. So far I've tried the House Grind burger, short rib Mac & cheese & pierogies. Love me some comfort food! Everything was great. 
It can get a little crowded; my guess would be because it's relatively new and there aren't a lot of similar options close by, but I've never had a problem getting a table or snagging a seat at the bar. Happy to have Cambridge in the neighborhood!Came here on a Monday when we didn't feel like cooking. Got the marinated chicken sandwich due to Boursin cheese being on it. The chicken was dry. Bacon ok. Boursin cheese is always good. The sourdough bread was toasted and smothered in something like butter...that was good. But it's hard to like a chicken sandwich when the chicken isn't good so that was disappointing. Fiancé had short rib Mac n cheese. The short rib was good, the Mac n cheese was bland af. 
All the parts didn't add up to a satisfying whole. Unfortunate because we live so close. Come here for a beer (not wine- both whites I ordered tasted off) but beer only.The flatbreads, well let's just say I've had better. But the happy hour is one of my favorite happy hours is in the city. It still stinks like the tritone though.When booking my trip to Philly, I was super interested in finding a nice brunch place that had something different than all the other basic brunch places in the area. This place had both the ambiance and the great food selection that I craved. While I am used to a variety of bottomless brunches, coming from D.C, this place really didn't need all the extra frills of having bottomless food or drinks. The waiter was super helpful in letting us know some of the crown favorites and we decided to get a combo of all three. The breakfast bombs, the tostada, and the scramble were some of the best things all 3 of us tried! I am usually not a big grits fan but the grits here were out of this world!! The breakfast bombs were a perfect combo of savory and rich but not over doing it. My tostada had so many layers, I wasn't quite sure where the bottom was! Even the drinks here were good, with the bloody mary being the perfect spicyness level and my friends enjoyed their whiskey basked breakfast drinks. Overall, I LOVED this space as it was both trendy and tasty!Perfect place for spring time dining and happy hour. Good happy hour beer specials. Food is not typical bar food, more gastro pub type which I'm a fan of. Outdoor patio makes this place a keeper.My BFFL and I decided to mix up our happy hour routine and try something new for a Tuesday night. This place has been sounding promising, and at 5:30 the bar wasn't crowded at all.
The beer selection is great, although I was wishing they had at least one IPA that wasn't a double or imperial or otherwise extremely high ABV. The Strongbow cider on draft did me just fine, though. Happy hour from 4-6 gives you $2 off 12 oz draft pours. Not a bad deal.
We didn't try any of the food, but I did see a pierogi plate come out and it looked pretty small for the price. The bartenders were attentive and friendly. We will be back!This is a phenomenal place for brunch! Their cocktails are delicious. There is a cozy atmosphere. The lobster mash is awesome! The porker burger is good and the hand cut fries are delicious. The service was so attentive and helpful. 
You can't go wrong here! I can't wait to come back!I only come here for the Mac and cheese. I'm probably the only person who comes here for the Mac and cheese so probably there's no reason to pay attention to this review. But press the "funny" button anyway pleaseStopped back into the Cambridge for a drink with my fiance and was MASSIVELY disappointed.  Ordered a few drinks at one of the side tables and decided we would have an appetizer as well.  When we ordered the nachos with the upgrade of guacamole +$2 the waitress said to us, "Do you want the guacamole on top or on the side?  You get a little bit more on the side?"  We looked at each other and said "Well, if you get a little bit more if you put it on the side we'll take that."  Nachos came out and were pretty tasty, so at this point the night has gone well.
The waitress drops off the bill and I see that we were charged $5.50 for the guacamole (total bill for 4 drinks and nachos was $50).  Now, this isn't a big deal, but she never mentioned the upcharge, so I walked over and said hey, you never mentioned an upcharge for the extra guac.  She responded, "Well, I said you would get a little more so you should have know you would be charged more."  I shook my head, told her that's not how it works but whatever, she offered to get the manager and I said sure.  The manager comes over and has the nerve to say to me, "Look sir, sorry about that but when she said that you would get a little bit more, you should have assumed you would have to pay a little bit more".  Really?  For $3.50 you want to ruin my experience at a bar?  You are a bar manager and that's the play?  I laugh at this point and say look, whatever, that's not how it works but go ahead.  The weasel comes back to the table and says "Hey, I went a head and took a few bucks off the guacamole price."  hands me the bill.  $3.50 instead of the original $2.  Went from having a nice night out to advising all of my friends to go somewhere else, hope the $1.50 was worth it.
Such a shame, the bar looks nice and the outdoor area is cool but I've been nickel and dimed by them one too many times (include tax in your beer prices please).We wanted the love this place, as we waited for it to open.  Food is good, but drinks were weak and over-priced.  Wish I could give it better, as it is a nice addition to the neighborhoodWhat a charming place with great service and amazing food.  I went here for the first time and I plan on coming more often.  It is a local place so it's not overly crowded, which I really like.  It's like a hidden gem.  The bartender, Allie, was so friendly.  We ordered the beet salad which by far, the best one I've ever had.  The flatbread was also soooo good!  The nachos had a wonderful flavor but was unfortunately served cold.  That sure didn't stop us from eating them!  I will be back again and again!I was concerned about The Cambridge at first because I didn't see many veggie-friendly options on the menu.  However, I'm so glad I stayed and chose one.  
I had the mushroom omelet.  The eggs were perfectly cooked, and there was a delicious mix of tartness from the cheese, mild but savory mushrooms, and chive-y chives (how do you describe a chive?).  The home fries were also cooked perfectly on the inside and on the outside, AND they were well-seasoned.  This is a rare thing to find and so they get my potato stamp of approval.  :)
My dining companion had the french toast with a side of pork roll.  He seemed pleased, but I didn't grill him on his meal.  We both also had coffee.  It was rich in flavor but not over-the-top.  
I don't know how to end this review, but it's 10:20pm and I wish I could eat another one of those omelets with home fries.  I think that says something...