Stopped in with a friend for a beer and some food. Owner-Roman was there and comp me my 1st beer, then provided few samples for our opinions due to the fact a local distributor stopped in looking to sell to the bar. That's what you want an owner who appreciates there customers to take care of them and also gather there patrons opinions on beer selection. Ordered wings which were nice size and cooked perfectly.Absolutely love this place! Service is great; someone always checks on us to see how we're doing or if we need anything. Although their menu is pretty small, there are many choices. The chicken quesadilla is delicious! I work right around the corner; my coworkers and I always swing by for lunch at least once a week. Definitely recommend this place!The service here was great, an incredible selection of beers, both draft and bottled. The kitchen I found out is open til 1 am every night (a huge plus with me working nights). I tried the "hell fire burger" and some of my buddies fries "cajun" and "blackened"....i was very impressed. Definitely going back, plenty of tables in the dining room as well to go in for dinnerWe went in for a quick bite to eat and a pint, hours later still in there enjoying the place, Top Food, Best Beer, Brilliant Staff, Friendly Customers, awesome landlord. #loveit, I'll be going here again....Just ordered via Uber Eats and they screwed up 2 items from my order.   
I ordered the Union tap shrimp and i asked for breaded shrimp; they sent me steamed shrimp.  Horrible.
I ordered union wings and asked for bbq sauce. They sent me spicy buffalo which i can not eat.  Horrible.
Does anyone here read the orders via Uber Eats or are they blind?  The only thing that tasted good were the fries.  Sad. I sent my incorrect items back to Uber for a refund.  Never again will i order from here.  Be warned.My husband and I go to this bar weekly.  We do not live close by but it is sure worth the trip.  The bartenders and barmaids are very friendly.  The owners are very nice as well. We have eaten there plenty of times with other friends and never ever had a bad meal. Don't know where the bad review comes from but must have been a bad night. As far as everything we ever had there never had a bad meal or service.  Keep up the good work. They try new things on the menu as well. Also have received awards for special food. The chef in the kitchen turns out some nice food.  Will continue to visit this place. Really nice bar and very clean.Stopped in on a whim tonight, as my boyfriend and I are looking to buy a house in the area. So glad to have found the Union Tap close by! Pleasant waitstaff, spacious building, and the food... so good! I had the calamari wrap and was blown away. Others in my party were very pleased with their sandwiches and burgers, too. The house-made chips were a hit, and the brews flowed easy. Hope to visit again on gamedays, as the Union Tap is well-equipped for sports broadcasts, even in this time of the year when many sports overlap. Thanks for a nice experience!Nothing to brag about. First time here. Wobbly table, my dinner came out like 15 minutes before my FIL's and husband's food. Crab Mac in cheese looked small but was filling, not warm enough on the inside for my liking. Took way too long for the other two burger orders. If I didn't eat my entree it would have definitely been cold by the time the other food came. Again, this place isn't something to brag about unless you're the local drunk.We went there thursday night for first eagles preseason game. They had quizzo. Dj was friendly our female bartender was very nice one male bartender was bitching about a bumch of people all night. Food was excellent we had french onion soup fries and buffalo wings. They had a nice flavor to them highly recommend and I am a wing snob. Crowd seem to range from 20 - 40ish. We had a good time and would go again. Monday they have 50cent wings amd sat all u caneat wings from like 8-11 for 9.95.Their fries are amazing...service is great. Usually attend on Tuesday nights for karaoke always a good timeGreat corner bar. Food and drinks are good. The crowd gets really young after a certain time and the DJ could play better music but it's not bad!I was there this past weekend with my girlfriend and we got the Cajun egg rolls I got the hell's fire burger and she got a turkey burger with blackened fries and parmesan garlic fries food was really good my burger was excellent and a very big beer selection We'll be coming back.I love this place! It offers delicious food, an amazing selection or drinks and truly unbelievable service. This is without a doubt the best bar in the area and even surrounding areas. With so many places to go and emerging options The Union Tap does an amazing job to stand out and above the rest. 10 times out of 10 I would come here over any other bar in the area.Yuengs and wings! Saturday $3 23 ounce yuengling lagers and all you can eat wings. Very good wings nice selection of sauces, great burgers, fries with smoked cheese sauce. You can't go wrong here plus large comfortable seating areasWhat a great place to come with friends! Came in as a party of 11 that eventually grew, and our server was attentive, friendly, and knew how to do her job the right way! Really clean bar, really extensive draft and bottle list as well. Gotta say that the garlic parm fries are addicting, and the chicken tenders are so fantastic! Really reasonably priced as well. Some friends of mine got the Mozzy Burger and the Hell Fire burger which were also fantastic. Sweet honey mustard sauce is also really great. Another plus, the bathrooms were SO clean. Plenty of space to dance around and enjoy yourself with a group of friends. Will definitely recommend to friends and will definitely be coming back.Waited like 30 minutes for food and still waiting. All you can eat wings that never show up. Seems like a local's only place.An ideal place if you want a good beer and 12,000 calories of delicious, creative bar food. Those with heart conditions need not apply.I found this place because of yelp while on a road trip and was very happy with it. Very tasty beers and the menu is amazing! Reasonable prices and lots to choose from. I had the fish tacos, simple but delicious. The twisted fries appetizer was amazing!! And the crab soup was probably one of the best crab soups I've ever had. It was a bit loud and noisy, but there was a birthday celebration taking places so it's understandable. The staff was friendly and attentive and took good care of us. I will definitely come back if I'm ever passing through this area again!They made some improvements to the back bar and added craft beer takeout. Place seems nice.The best burger I have had in a while! The staff was super friendly and the food great. Seems like a cool environment!Great local place to go with some friends!!  Love quizzo on Thursdays!!  They always have a great beer selection and the wings are amazing!Ate here today for lunch. With all the hype from neighbors we wanted to give it a shot. Walked in and it was dead, the service was great! The food not so much. Wife ordered a spinach salad with oil and vinegar. 10 minutes later they come out and they are out of vinegar. No proved she went with the Thai chili, she liked it but spicy. The salad was kind of boring only consisted of cranberries, spinach and cheese. I started with French onion soup, meh, it was luke warm. I had the BBQ pork quesadilla, big mistake. Good idea but poor execution. There was so much oil on the plate it was inedible. The salsa that came with also wasn't very fresh. I ate the top 2 pieces that weren't swimming in grease. Not sure I would go back for food but maybe a beer.. 2 starsReuben fritters are to die for and the bartender is friendly and welcoming.  It is a perfectly place to watch a game or relax with beers and excellent food and the bathrooms are clean.  Great find!Tried The Union Tap on a Monday night. They have a 50¢ wings special from 8-11pm. Got there around 6:30 with a couple buddies. 
Ordered some craft beers & the Pig Mac. I heard the pig mac won the people's choice so I had to try it. 
Beers were average price for crafts. $5-$8. They had bud light on special for $2.50.
Bartenders were attentive, friendly and very talkative. Knew menu well & gave good recommendations. 
Pig Mac was delicious. It was a bigger burger but I had no trouble finishing it. The bacon was good and BBQ sauce was really tasty. The fried Mac n cheese topping was different. A little crispy.  Burger was cooked how I wanted it, medium well. 
Fries were good not great. My buddy's got fries with the dry rub and they seemed better than the plain ones. 
Tried 4 different wing sauces. Grant's Hot. Garlic Parm. Sweet & Spicy. Habanero Hell. Grant's hot was the best. Typical buffalo sauce but had nice twang to it. Not real hot though. Wasn't a big fan of the garlic. Sweet & spicy was good. Habanero didn't seem that hot at first but it creeps up on you. My friend said his lips were burning. They were hot but not overly painful. 
Only issue the ice ledge was melted due to the heat wave. 
I didn't use the bathroom but my buddy said it was clean & he loved the smell of the soap. 
I will definitely return soon as I'm local to the neighborhood.This place is around the corner from me, so we decided to go Thanksgiving eve, with another couple. We got there around 7. They were still kind of empty considering most people got out of work early. We were able to get a nice big table in the back. They did have draft beer specials that night, but I stuck to my "captain and diet" they were some pretty strong drinks! I'm not complaining 
The food was average, we split fries, pizza & mac n cheese. They also have various sandwiches and burgers. 
By 9pm the younger kids ( just turned 21 ) crowd came in and we decided to go. Just because it was really crowded. 
They do quizzo on Thursday nights, but beware there is a team that brings the quizzo trophy they won. They take it very seriously. If you're like me I do just for fun not necessarily to win.Easy 5 star and here is why.  We flew in late on a work trip and nothing of good choice was open after 10.  This had great reviews so I said let's try it.  I don't drink but my boss did and he enjoyed the micro options. We came for food and I got a pizza and French Onion and my boss for the chicken bacon bits and lobster Mac.  I'm not a fan of lobster Mac but he said it was good.  My dishes where great and the pizza was on point.  Desert was. Fried PB&J ice cream sand which that was divine.  The 2 bar tenders/waiters offered great service. If I'm ever back in the area we will visit again.My boyfriend and I have been frequenting this bar for the past several months now. We discovered it one Sunday night after trying to find someplace close to eat and drink. We found two awesome bartenders diggy and Jen. Awesome draft and bottle selection. We found ourselves coming every Sunday night for the great drink selection, friendly staff, and great food (seriously the bone in wings every flavor is awesome, the chili dry rub and hot wings are my favorite. The garlic Parmesan, smoked and Memphis bbq dry rub are also favorites of mine.)  We have found ourselves here at one point each week day and every time have found the bartenders to be friendly and sociable.  Sometimes the food can take some time (but there's only one guy back there, give him a break people!) but it is always worth the small wait. Abe, one of the cooks, is fantastic and we often ask to talk to him outside the kitchen.
Some other favorite items are the French onion, pig Mac burger, hell fire burger, Reuben sandwich, and pulled pork sandwich.
I cannot say how much I love this place. My friends and I have a big social group and frequent different types of bars, but my boyfriend and I always bring them here when we can. And every time someone new comes, they fall in love with it just as we did. Come you won't regret it.Three stars, but I'll be going back...
I had wings and a burger. Wings were crispy and dressed with just enough sauce. Definitely coming back for those. The hubby and I had sweet garlic and hot. 
I had the big blu mushroom burger. I ordered medium and it came out well, but not murdered. Not a huge deal. It tasted good.  But why three stars?  Cold. Dry. Bun.  If you order a burger, please be so bold and get it warmed up or toasted. 
Union tap has a great laid back atmosphere and daily specials. Worth checking out.I heard from a friend that Union Tap serves a mean burger, so yesterday four of us went for an early dinner. When we got there the main bar was lively with what looked like contractors stopping in for a few cold ones after work. The bar area was nice, as is the whole space. Because we were with my older parents we sat right at one of the tables in the next room. That room also has a smaller bar. The tables, floors and bathrooms were all spotless, and the decor is almost Irish pubish with black and white photos and beer posters. The beer list is not extensive, but there's enough there to keep it interesting. Our server could not have been friendlier, and even though she was also tending bar up front she didn't miss a beat making sure we were taken care of with drinks and food. Burgers all around, and everyone agreed I was not steered wrong. They are big, juicy, and flavorful. They come with house made chips, but for a dollar upgrade you get a nice order of fries. As we were leaving a band was setting up. I would definitely come back, maybe sit at the bar for a few next time and listen to some live music.I struggled with a 2-3 star rating but decided on a 3 to be nice even though I was not satisfied with their drinks. 
Came in here on a Sunday night, wanted a drink and some good bar food.  I left getting neither.  First the place is clean and modern.  I love their little ice block on the bar that keeps drinks cold, I thought that was pretty cool.  Tons of beers on tap and extensive selection.  I am no beer girl.  So I ordered my mixed drink and it came back kind of nasty - just an imbalance of liquors in the cocktail I ordered.  I still drank it.  My girlfriend and I ordered French onion soup, fried pickles, boneless wings and garlic parm fries.  The French onion soup was barely hot (and that is weird because it usually goes right under the broiler - maybe it waited a while to be picked up who knows).  The soup was mushy, croutons in it were mushy.  It is rare I will meet a French onion soup I do not like and this was the day.  Worst French onion ever.  My girlfriend loves fried pickles I could do without them.  She made me try one.  So I give it some cool points for the fact that I could bite into it and it didn't pull the rest of the pickle out. That is good but the seasoning on the breading is disgusting and too overpowering.  Garlic parm fries were really good but for the price you got such a small portion.  The boneless sweet thai wings were not good.  The boneless wings were kind of hard.  This could be from over frying or maybe they had freezer burn in the freezer.  The thai sauce sucked it was almost un thai like.  Drinks were semi expensive for the quality and service received. I do not think I would go back. But I am sure someone could get a semi good meal here.  Maybe it was an off night.Do not order food to go from here.  Ordered on Uber eats and This is the FOURTH order in a row where our order was wrong. The food can be good so I kept giving It another shot.  We ordered two Caesar wraps and both wraps again came completely dry with no dressing. Ask for side of sauce, nothing.  Ordered the buffalo chicken salad  last order, again no Dressing. Same thing every order, it's never right. Whoever prepares the Uber eats order needs to trained on how to pack things.  Recommending no one order from hereTook my mom there for lunch yesterday for her birthday. We started out with soft drinks served to us by Pete, one of the owners. I grew up with his wife Kate. The place was pretty quiet and we decided to just sit at a regular table not at the bar, didn't want my mom to have to hop up on the bar stool at 76 years old. My mom started it with the crab soup which at first she thought was a little salty but she stirred it up,  put some pepper in it and was happy. I however did not get an appetizer it because I had eaten there a few weeks prior and was stuffed  from what I ordered. My mom ordered the union chicken sandwich and I believe mine was called the union steak sandwich. Both platters came with a pickle and a nice side order of their homemade potato chips which I happen to love. Neither one of us were able to finish our lunches and happily took them home. Unfortunately we could not get dessert because we were so stuffed. I picked her because the place that we usually go for her birthday has kind of changed over and the food isn't as good as it used to be so it seems that Union tap will become our new place to go for birthdays. I will be back again very soon. Thank you, Pete for a great place to come for lunch.Great food here. I had a bad experience with a staff member and the owner personally reached out to resolve the issue. Great Establishment.Gross food. Ordered French onion soup and chicken fingers. Both gross. I didn't know it's possible to mess up chicken fingers until now. Never again.I feel like some of the menu ideas are interesting for bar food and the food sounds better on paper than it actually is. The smoked chili rubbed burger lacked the golden color in which caramelized onions are supposed to have and the burger was not cooked to the temperature asked. The bacon did have a good flavor though. The fried mozzarella was a bit over cooked and lacked cheese in the inside. The breading was not very flavorful as well. Crab soup was okay, nothing to rave about or to return for. I was interested in a few other items on the menu but I feel like they will fail to execute the flavors expected.I stopped here last night with my bf and a group of friends. It was crowded for St. Paddy's celebrations but the atmosphere was fun. We ordered food and everything we ate was amazing. The tater tots were crispy and fresh, the pretzel bites and cheese dips were amazing. We ordered a pizza too and it's probably one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. The crust was thin and crispy and they definitely did not skimp on the cheese! I am already craving to eat it again. Our waitress was super busy but attentive and sweet. When our bill came we were pleasantly surprised to see that it wasn't that expensive. I live down the street from Union Tap so I will definitely be back soon for that pizza!I have known about this place for a while but for no particular reason, haven't checked it out. That's something I regret now! The waitress was over the top friendly (not the most important thing to us but want to note that), our service was prompt, our glasses were always full, the wings were great and done perfectly(we asked for well done) and my bunless burger was PERFECTLY rare. We wished we would have visited sooner but this is definitely not our last time there!We were traveling through Philadelphia and came across the Union Tap thanks to Yelp! We were more than pleased. The food is fresh, hot, delicious. Definitely gourmet bar food. We were greeted by the owner; the owner and staff were friendly and attentive. If we lived near by, we would be regulars for sure!Was craving a cheesesteak and this was the only place that was using a cheese sauce (I don't like melted sliced cheese on mine) so decided to give it a try. Got it with their smoked sauce, which was amazing. Even remembered the extra side I asked for. Fries were really good too. Treated myself to the she crab soup, which was devine. Best crab soup I've had - so much flavor and chunks of crab. I can't wait to order again to try the mac & cheese and french onion soup. I also can't wait to go sit at the bar when everything reopens. Thanks and stay safe & healthy!Glad I stopped in. Good food and nice bar staff. Lots to eat and good beer. A local was a bit dodgy, but other than that, all good! Great wings and curly fries.Went here last night with a friend.  We arrived close to 7 and took 2 seats at the bar, front and center.  There were 2 bartenders, one male and one female.  The female seemed to have our side of the bar. She walked past us several times before I gave her  a little wave to get her attention.  She shook her head and semi apologized for seeming to not to see us.  We ordered our drinks and asked for a couple menus.  A couple minutes later we closed our menus and pushed them forward, the universal sign that we are ready to order.  She walked to the couple next to us and took their order.  She walked by us several more times.  She restocked her cooler with bottled beer.  When the people next to us received their food and we still hadn't ordered, I flagged down the male bartender and asked if we could order.
I ordered their standard burger (lettuce, tomato, onion) medium rare with pepper jack and added the fries for $1.  My friend ordered the prime rib sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe, with the au jus on the side.  The food comes out in a reasonable amount of time, but my burger has no garnish, and the side of au jus is missing.  We ask the bartender for these things and he goes to get them.  After 2 trips into the kitchen for other things, he returns with lettuce and tomato, and says the au jus will be right out.  A couple bites into my burger and it's nowhere near medium rare and also very bland.I go to put some pepper on it and see the burger is just kind of gray.  No grill marks if they are grilling.  No sear if they cook them on the flattop.  By the way, still no sign of the au jus, so he ask the female bartender.  Male returns and tells us he didn't forget, they are whipping some up now.  I ask don't you serve this all night?  You ran out at 8?  I don't know, he says, but I'll have it for you soon.
When he returns he asks how everything is.  I showed him my burger, which I had decided not to eat, and asked him how does that look to you?  He apologizes and says he'll take it off the bill.  I said to my friend we'll just finish our drinks and I'll get something to eat at the next place. About 5 minutes later, the bartender returns with a new burger, says the chef apologizes and wanted you to have this.  I thank him.  This burger does appear to have grill marks, and also is not overdone, but is still really bland. To put the icing on the cake, it was returned to me with my half eaten order of fries which by this time are quite cold.
I did not ask for a manager because all we wanted to do was get out of there.  I took the time to write this not necessarily to slam the place, but because these types of experiences seem all too common anymore. With so many options out there, I would take my hard earned money elsewhere.My wife and I usually frequent this bar restaurant 2 to 3 times a month.
It's our favorite local bar, great burgers, salads, and pizzas at reasonable prices. My kids had the carrot cake and loved it. Always clean and great service. Will be back.Picked this place for wing deal. Nice bartender. Good service. Good prices. One disappointment was the ice bar wasn't working so i couldn't keep my beer cold.  Wings are great. Tried habanero. Not too spicy but good flavor. Bartender recommended BBQ rub fries with beer cheddar sauce. It was good and is recommended. Grants hot wings had great flavor but an odd smell.  Saw boneless which looked good but had an even stronger odd smell.  Wanted to try burger but was too full on wings and beer and fries.The union Tap is the old patty wacks, As the owners of General grants had to close its doors for reasons they relocation was hear. Glad to see they reopen but with a different name. 
As I've been there a few times I notice not much has changed from when it was patty wacks. Only notice that they have added take out beer section that I never notice was there before. 
And one of my favorites also, Not you're father's Root beer. On Tap!! 
Have not Tryed the food but hearing by others the food is just as good as in the past and they still have the same sauce for there wings. So definitely in future I look forward to trying the food one night. 
They also have happy hour from 4-6pm...huge selection of 80+ beers... Monday - Friday!! 
Can't wait to head back for another fun night of beers!!We ordered to go as there the lockdown. The wings were big and meaty they could have been cooked a wee bit longer. Wing sauce was good but I asked for a side of hot and they didn't include it. We also had Mac & cheese with BBQ pork and was tasty.This place is one of the better bar food establishments that I have been to in awhile.... I was tipped off to this place about 5 years ago for its food. I have to say that this was one recommendation that did not disappoint...
My first visit, I remember having an incredible tasting burger, soup, and wings.... This visit, I went back to ordering wings and blackened shrimp tacos. The wings were huge and cooked just right. There were at least 8 sauces to choose from... The shrimp tacos were made in a way that should be standard for everyplace attempting to serve this dish. There were plenty of jumbo shrimp, seasoned well, and not over cooked. I can't explain just how satisfied I was with this dish. Ordering this at other places is a gamble and usually disappointing. 
The menu is pretty large, creative, and with something for everybody. Nice atmosphere, great and friendly bartenders, and plenty of TVs to watch. 
Pretty memorable spot.One of those hole in the walls that never disappoint! I wish I had the pictures but their apps are fantastic ! I love going here for happy hour and to grab a snack.Love union. While I live for the back page of the menu (the specials), my boyfriend lives for the burgers and wings.  Always amazing food and even better service. Not a bad bartender I've been served by there. Chrissy, Derek and raquel just happen to be my favorites.Tried mild wings for lunch. Very tasty and drumsticks were very meaty.  Will return. Didn't give 5 stars only because I called in take out.Ordered some wings for the eagles game since I enjoy watching the game with my son at home. Ordered a dozen Cajun wings and the spice was perfect and a half dozen sweet chili wings that were equally good. Definitely will order again.Ordered this food on UberEats. Their food was so good I felt compelled to leave a review. The food is great. Their Pig Mac sandwich was awesome, boneless wings were great. I also ordered their Fire Cracker Steak Rolls. So good. I wish I could try it fresh!Went with a group of 6 before seeing a comedian at the nearby Parx casino on a Friday night.  We had a great time - good bar food, great beer selection and mixed drinks.  The server was terrific, hustling and working hard.  The only (slightly) negative is that it's loud - but that's due to the fun, salt-of-the-earth type crowd.  Will definitely be back.The Union Tap is one of the better Northeast Philly bar and restaurants. It's off the BLVD in the former location of Paddywhacks for all you NE people.
The beer selection alone is worth visiting The Union Tap, they have dozens of beers on tap and they constantly rotating them for new releases. 
But the food menu is why I return time after time after time. The Tap fries come in several flavors my favorite is the garlic park fries. They have a great selection of wings and they offer a new wing each month. I often eat the smoked gouda cheesesteak which is one of my favorite cheesesteaks of all time. My dessert of choice is the fried uncrustables with ice cream which brings out my inner elementary school kid when I used to eat uncrustables all the time.The Union has great food! The crab tater tots are my favorite. What a decent menu.  I look forward to going there on Mondays, having great food and conversation with Michelle. Couldn't ask for more in a local neighborhood bar!!By far the worst experience I have had at an establishment. I was a huge fan until today when I decided to grab a quick bite to eat but was the recipient of more than just an average lunch. The fellow patrons decided to shout vulgar language amongst themselves for the entirety we were there; which I will politely decline to reiterate. The mere fact that the fellow bartenders were aware and decided to not only turn face but also associate with such degenerates is mind boggling. My wife and I were mortified that this seemed to be the norm and actually told fellow family members about our experience, low and behold they have already written this place off due to a similar experience. My advice is to save your money and go some place else.Just ordered from Uber eats. Had higher hopes for the food. They listened well and my order came to correctly for the most part. Wings were not cooked well enough. Garlic herb sauce is just clarified butter and some garlic and the mild sauce was very watery. I also ordered crab cake sandwich with fries and the fries were limp and had a weird taste. Crab cake was nice size but the sandwich itself was just ok. 
Maybe they are better for dine in.Hidden gem... burgers are AMAZING!!!  Food is cooked exactly as you order it and it comes out hot!!!  Messy, gooey, delicious!!!  The Delphia burger was amazing!!!I haven't tried much of the menu but what I did have was good. Drinks are cool I'm not aware of any happy hour specials or anything. My only issue is I've came on different occasions and I ordered a Jameson and Ginger and the taste was Off. Taste like instead of gingerale theu used sierra mist which isn't goodThe service is awful and they even messed up chicken tenders. I waited over a half hour for my food and then it was not good and definetly not worth the wait. Also they served very small portions.Pretty wide beer/seltzer/cider selection and you can always get some to go. Really good food as well. The south west chicken wrap is something I get like every other week. It's delicious and comes with the homemade chips. Also really good wings in different flavors. Quizzo on Thursday nights at 7:30