Great new place with friendly and helpful employees who serve you with a smile! The acai bowl AKA superfood whip is the best I've ever had (and I have had many many acai bowls and make my own) with its excellent consistency, FRESH berries, and what I always like to add - coconut shreds. Rarely do you come across a place that goes the extra mile to put berries on top rather than just cheap banana slices. The bowls are filling and delicious. 
However I am only giving the juice merchant 4 stars because they seem to be unprepared the couple times I have visited - running out of produce at an early hour or not having frozen bananas ready for the whips. It is a new place and I'm sure they will work out the kinks soon. Overall, very good I highly recommend!The Juice Market has just the right amount of options to pick from to facilitate a healthy lifestyle.  There are fresh pressed juices, healthy salads, and sandwiches! They even have bowls and wheatgrass shots (a personal favorite)! It can sometimes be overwhelming to chose what to get, but the simplicity of the menu helps with that. Ambiance is refreshing and the music is upbeat! Great vibes all around!!I have been wanting to try this place since it opened and I finally did. It was SO GOOD. I ordered the Super Veg wrap and was not disappointed. The ingredients were extremely fresh and the wrap was packed! I could barely finish the entire thing. I wanted to try a smoothie but was too full. Next time for sure!Where do I start? I ordered a smoothie which was $9, and warm. They were out of almond milk and served the smoothies in hot coffee cups which are not meant for straws. I had to ask them to re-blend it with ice. Very disappointing! And the help left a lot to be desired as far as customer service goes. I was very excited to try this place but definitely won't be returning:(The juice merchant has the potential of being a fabulous addition to Main Street. But for now, it is just inconsistent and disappointing. First off, aesthetically speaking, this place is eye-catching. It's all-white exterior and interior has a way of capturing the eye, similar to Apple storefronts. Not to mention, their graphic logo is super chic and adorable. As for their actual products, you can find a great list of smoothies, juices, whips, and a few freshly prepared vegetable-rich sandwiches. Thus far, I have been here twice- both on some squelching HOT days...so I have opted for the whips. The first time, I ordered a banana whip, comprised really of only frozen bananas and almond milk. It was good and just what I wanted (though a little steep in price...). The second time I came here, about three days later, I waited over TWENTY minutes for almost the same exact product: a banana-peanutbutter whip this time. I guess the extra ingredient threw them for a loop? And I was not the only one who had to wait a long period of time...the people who had ordered before me waited just as long and were equally peeved. From my position at one of the tables, I could see the staff struggling with getting the right consistency of the whip and trashing two unsuccessful batches. When I did receive it (20 mins later), it was a soupy mess and no one apologized for the wait time nor the pitiful presentation. There really was nothing 'whipped' about it. I was a little perturbed because after waiting 20 mins and paying close to 5 bucks for it, I at least expected the product to be solid. 
I would have given them two stars were it not for the good experience I had the first time I went there. Unfortunately, their inconsistency is probably turning some customers away if what happened to me during my second visit happens to them during their first visit to the Juice Merchant.
Right now, it seems as if the Juice Merchant's biggest problem is training their staff to produce a consistently good product.  Once they get that under control, I feel like this place could be an awesome treat (I won't say staple because of the price). I might just wait a few months until I try it again...Until then, I am making my own banana whips using a food processor and some frozen bananas (35 cents/banana) and vanilla almond milk. Average price per serving- maybe a little over a dollar? And my homemade creations actually come out whipped and in under 4 minutes.You ever feel like a smoothie? 
 Not a glorified milkshake, but a real, this-might-just-stave-off-the-grim-reaper-for-one-more-day jawn? That was me today. I needed a shot of halfway healthy and realized I haven't been on Main Street in a good long minute, so, drop the kid at karate and off I go. There's not much to it. Banana, strawberry, blueberry smoothie with hemp protein. Simple and delicious. I even asked the counter employee for help in choosing hemp vs. soy and she had cogent, informative answers. I don't know if she was right, but, she sounded like she knew what she was talking about and, in customer service, thats like 90% of the battle.
It's, 15min and $9.00 later and I'm missing that  smoothie. It was soooooo good. They need to add some larger sizes. Like Venti.I had smoothie (Hawaiian) which was fantastic.  I question. I also had portbella wrap (I believe) and I loved it. Really great flavor and my only wish is that they made it bigger portion and more filling. The filling I had was very thin. Workers are friendly so the experience was good especially the fact that I'm deaf.Very slow, unfriendly, and overpriced. Great idea very poor execution. Having said all this the juice was actually very good so I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1.Glad to have them in the neighborhood and love the menu. Prices are a little steep but I think comparable to other overpriced juice bars. If they could lower the prices a tad I would be more of a regular. Lovely store always smells of fresh fruit!I stop in during lunch hours and I must this is a official smoothie shop .. I got a green smoothie and the staff was quick and efficient. The price was around $10 bucks you can also sit in as well get location for a healthy lunch date ...I have been craving a smoothie for awhile and was in front of The Juice Merchant for the Mummers parade and decided to grab one! Still not sure what was going on, but it took forever to get 1 smoothie! There were 4 employees working, the store was basically empty, still have no idea why it took so long. The man who came in after me, received his order first-- only to find out it was made wrong-- when I finally got my smoothie, it was completely tasteless. If your charging 8$ for a smoothie, you gotta back it up with a kick-ass smoothie! The next smoothie craving I get, I will be headed elsewhere!Stopped in for the first time yesterday and was thrilled! I was out walking and my Hawaiian Delight Smoothie hit the spot. Just the right mix of mango, pineapple, banana, coconut, and orange juice:) perfect way to keep moving and sip. I will definitely be back.Good juices but SLOW! Every time I have gone, I've had to wait forever for my juice and it's not cheap!Ordered the kale pineapple banana smoothie and a lemon ginger shot...super good! Little pricey but that's expected with smoothies and juices. Had it delivered to my work for lunch and the service was great. I really need to try some of their lunch items. It's nice that I can get some vegan options delivered to my workplace for lunch.Honestly I didn't know that juices could taste so good - I was shocked by how awesome they are!I come here often and get juices-- my favorite is the Tropi-kale! They are always helpful and will add in any extras that you want to the pre made juices if you just ask. My husband has had a few of the smoothies and always thought they were delicious. I also visited on a Saturday morning and got the waffle, which I thought was great. They have free WIFI which is important for me because I do a lot of freelance work and have used their tables multiple times to get some work done while enjoying my juice. My only advice to the owners would be to try to create a more "sit in" friendly atmosphere! While it's nice to do work there as it's very clean and open, the atmosphere doesn't provide such a welcoming work area, as I would expect it to have since there are so many tables available for customers to stay! Maybe decorate with plants, or anything cozy. Try to promote that atmosphere more by letting people know they can stay for the wifi! People will want to keep buying more snacks as the day goes on! (as I know if i go to a cafe to work for the day I tend to spend money each hour as I keep getting hungry as my writing advances!) Overall, very yummy. A great and needed addition to Manayunk.These smoothies are so fresh and taste very good. The Hawaiian delight is the only one I get. The price is high, in my opinion. I get chia added sometimes and paying almost $11 for a 16oz (only size offered) drink is expensive. I will be back! The guys that work there are nice too.I live in this neighborhood and was excited when the juice merchant opened. I would give the place five stars except every time I go they are missing ingredient s. In the last week I went three times and each time I could not get what I wanted. These are not complex ingredients. Either- management doesn't have a good inventory system or someone doesn't care. I hope its not the later.
I support business where I live and love the idea of this place but have been let down on a fairly regular basis. I'm even willing to pay high prices ( the place is expensive) for quality and service. I'm not giving up yet but I'm on the verge of giving up. Please get it together so I can incorporate JM into my weekly routines with confidence!I REALLY want to love this place but I just cant get behind it.
First, their juices arent even made to order. If I wanted bottled juice Id go elsewhere.
Second, the people who were there have 0 personality and act like they have better places to be. It also takes 25 minutes apparently to make a small greek salad when I'm the only person in there and only order...
Random but their "tahini" dressing tastes nothing like tahini and 100% like someone dumped in a pound of turmeric. The menu says nothing about turmeric being in the dressing... More transparency would be appreciated. Or maybe I was given the wrong dressing.
Finally, the shop is always crowded with boxes of cups and lids, etc... Doesn't exactly welcome you to sit and chill.
It just comes across as a place trying so hard to be trendy and have healthy food but the people who work there dont seem to be excited about their product...which makes me not excited to be there.So thrilled to have this in the neighborhood. I went to their opening and had some awesome free samples and have returned again for a smoothie. Employees are friendly and I really like the atmosphere. It's so clean cool and refreshing in there. My only issue are the prices.. Pretty steep. If you are someone that is sustained with a smoothie being a meal replacement then it makes sense to spend $7+ on it. But if you're adding it onto lunch etc. it really adds up. I saw someone else commented on making everything completely organic and that makes sense to do with the current price point. I think that your out of towners strolling for the day won't think much about the pricing (and that's why that works here) but us neighborhood peasants on a budget who would frequent here may think twice about how often we do it.Ga-Ross!  I ordered a banana smoothie with soy protein.  I watched them make it and service was fast, but once I started drinking it I realized the smoothie was warm and way too thick!  I had about two sips and threw the rest away.  That was $7 down the drain!I came here for an acai bowl but they couldn't make them at the time so I got a smoothie instead. First of all, the smoothie is super expensive and it's not even one of the best smoothies I've ever had. Second, the amount of smoothie that you get isn't that much for the price. I'd rather go somewhere else.Lots of options and delicious! I got the nanaberry smoothie. The staff was friendly and the inside of the shop has ample seating.Perhaps it was just bad morning, but it felt like here was only 1 person out of 6 who knew what they were doing at this place. I waited 25 minutes for a smoothie and there were a maximum of 10 customers in the whole restaurant. By the time it came out I would have preferred a refund instead of the drink. The drink was fine, but nothing special.In the past, I visited the Juice Merchant in Narberth and had two negative experiences. While I was disappointed with my experiences there, I decided to stop off at the The Juice Merchant in Manayunk when in the area. However, my experience at the Juice Merchant in Manayunk was just as bad.
I came in thinking that this Juice Merchant would be better as it was there original location, but it was just terrible.
First, I came in and was shocked by how hard it was to read the overhead menus as they are slanted in an odd angle. While there wasn't a ton of seating they did have an adequate amount.
I decided to order both an oat berry berry smoothie and a banana rama, which is their name for a banana whip. Unfortunately, for a place that claims to specialize in this category it was terrible. First, I was very disappointed that NOTHING was actually fresh even though there website mentions the word "organic" countless times and even the manager said " we use the freshest ingredients around." I literally saw the staff member use frozen strawberries, frozen blueberries, a bottle of juice and frozen bananas. That is NOT fresh. 
The actual taste of the products were not much better. The oat berry berry was way too sweet and the oats added an odd earthy flavor at times. Further, it was warm, very watery and did not have a nice consistency. While that was bad, my banana rama was even worse. Instead of using a banana whip machine they use a blender. Obviously, the banana rama did not come out well. It wasn't even fully blended! Chunks of banana were in the whip. Even worse, the part that was blended was very watery and hard to taste. For $5 I expect it to be smooth and actually have flavor. Also, they added almond milk as a base for their whip that could be a reason for the wateriness. Also, they need to add more than just granola for toppings. For example, some strawberries and blueberries along with the granola would be nice. 
Also, the prices here are outrageous. The smoothie I got was $8 and I do not understand the pricing when the fruit is frozen and the portions are on the smaller side. I often shop at health food places like Whole Foods and definitely understand the expensive prices there, but not here.
While this is not the Juice Merchant's fault, the metered parking is somewhat expensive.
Altogether, the Juice Merchant in Manayunk is very disappointing as the food is subpar and is too expensive.Awesome new spot in Manayunk. Looks like no other building or shop anywhere nearby and is something to experience inside and out. Almost doesn't feel like you're in the same town, and is high end. Had the Wheatgrass shot, Superfood Whip with Acai berry, blueberry, banana, granola, almond mix & more and was awesome & refreshing.
Topped with Boxed Water, it's a great place to visit on Main Street for pure healthy great stuff and treats.You are 100% going to leave The Juice Merchant spending more money than you expected. It's just a fact. From $8 fruit smoothies and $12 kale salads, but your belly will feel nice and light but so will your wallet. The place has almost an industrial feel to it. Bright white, with giant containers of protein powder on display. I wasn't a fan of my kale caesar salad dressing, and the owner whipped me up a brand new vinaigrette on the spot after I told her I liked garlicky, acidic dressings. Now that's good service.Loved trying The Juice Merchant at a recent charity event I attended - ACHIEVEability's Food for Thought gala.
Was impressed that some of their lead chefs donated their Saturday night and tons of ingredients to serve their delicious organic smoothies and juices for the nonprofit at this event. Will definitely be returning to try out their different flavors and creations!Great, quaint and exactly what is says is what you get. The staff was pretty knowledgeable about their juices & had good convo in general. I appreciated the outside seating and the open window seating inside. Trendy & brick definitely go together. Prices are a little on the high side but that's to be expected in such an establishment. May not be a weekly staple but definitely worth going to
Every month or so.Back on my diet so I will be stopping here often / The Juice Merchant smoothies are great today I tried the veggie burger with a shot of Wheat  Grass .. Nice clean atmosphere as well  you can eat in or get it to go . I give this place two thumbs up  the price is a little high but it's excepted when your eating healthy!!Went here looking for a refreshing drink and a pick me up. Decided to grab some of the bottled juices and some coffee. Don't get me wrong, the juices were fresh but could use a bit of work in terms of balancing flavors. The coffee, $5 a cup, tasted like hot water. For that price, I expected better. All in all, quite over priced, but has potential.Finally got around to checking this place. Lovely. Inside is bright and clean. They have a great menu of fresh juices smoothies and other healthy bites. Got a smoothie and it was delicious. The only minus is its a bit pricey. I imagine they reflect the cost of using fresh ingredients which is a bummer. So I'd love to go more but may have to make this a go to for treats.The Avocado Cacao Pudding is incredible.
I like it as much as I like the traditional chocolate pudding they sell at Night Kitchen Bakery (their is $6, The Juice Merchant's vegan offering is $6.50 and the portion actually is about 50 cents worth larger). My opinion on the price is that it's worth it when something tastes so good that it's hard to reproduce in your kitchen at home, and that is DEFINITELY the case here.
For anyone who is lactose intolerant but likes chocolate pudding anyway, this place is worth a try. (P.S. it goes good with red wine--if you're taking it home to eat, I mean)I absolutely LOVE that Manayunk has a juice place now!!! And couldn't be happier with this one! The people seem so friendly and I loved my Tropi-Kale juice they made. They easily substituted apple for the celery in my juice and were so pleasant to talk to. I'm so pumped to try their Acai bowls and salads too! Only thing is it's SUPER pricey!! But all those fresh veggies are expensive, so it makes sense. So glad we have a fresh juice place. I loved the atmosphere too and could see myself spending a whole Saturday there doing work and drinking juice. You should check this place out!Went to the Juice Merchant for the first time on yesterday. I got the protein power smoothie, which contains a soy or hemp protein powder, chocolate, peanut butter, & banana as the stars of the show. It tasted great and had a nice texture, but honestly I'm giving them three stars simply because of how overpriced it is. With tax, I paid around $9.30. It's a refreshing alternative on main street for healthy food especially when you have a baby strapped to you and you're hungry on a walk, but I think I will stick to making my own protein concoctions at home as usual.I have never seen an acai bowl that only comes with granola as the topping. And its over 9 bucks. Go elsewhere honestly.Acai whip- Delicious!  This smoothie bowl was topped with fresh strawberries and handful of granola.  Care was taken to get the mixture just right during whipping-thank you!  
Beet it and tropi-kale juices were tasty.  
Store is very clean and open.  Employees were attentive and helpful.  
I'll return to try out their lunch menu.  Healthy, vegan options can be difficult to find, The Juice Merchant fits my lifestyle.I just discovered this Manayunk gem. It caught my eye bc of the beautiful outside of the store. Inside was even more beautiful. It felt clean and refreshing in there. I tried the chocolate pb banana whip which they said was like ice cream but healthy and dairy free. It tasted AMAZING! Like real ice cream but more refreshing and didn't hurt my stomach afterwards. I also had a Wheatgrass shot and I've tried them many times before but this was the only one I've tried that wasn't bad tasting. I love this place!! Can't wait to go back.My favorite go to healthy spot in Manayunk! From the fresh juices to yummy wraps, everything is healthy, fresh and vegan! The staff are extremely friendly as well. Give them a try if you're in the area! And try the desserts, they are so good!I stopped in here last week for an acai bowl. The shop was bright and clean. There is a limited menu, but everything is made fresh as you order . My fiancée had a chocolate bowl and I got the regular acai bowl. The base had a nice consistency and it was very filling.Staff is rude. And it's ridiculously over priced.
What appeared to be the manager or owner was talking to employees arrogantly.What a way to start the day! We had the Beet It and the Tropi-Kale juices! Fabulous!! So glad The Juice Merchant opened in Manayunk! Wish they had wifi tho. Can't wait for the full menu to be available! Very pleasant staff as well.I used to love this place but my last 2 experiences have made me question if I'll return.
They are a bit overpriced. But the items (usually) taste so good you don't mind.
The avocado cacao pudding is delicious. But it's hit or miss. The first 2 times I had it, it tasted like chocolate heaven. The 3rd time it tasted like whipped nut butter with almonds on top.
The kale chips are $3 for a cup. They have great flavors. The Sweet Ginger are sublime. Again, overpriced but tastes soo good. Again, when made right. The last batch I had was hardly chippy, more sticky and chewy with some paper stuck to them.
I went in this morning to find that the blenders were down. That was disappointing and should have been the first thing that was said upon entering the store...it is a juice/smoothie bar so more than likely that's what people are coming for. I made another selection, the chia pudding, kale chips ( mentioned above) and an enhanced water. I didn't care for the chia pudding at all. The consistency threw me off. Considering that the blenders were down so I couldn't get what I came for, and the price of the chia pudding($6) and me telling the server this was my first time trying it; you would think they would offer an alternative...nope! Just put it in the trash and sent me on my way. 
I'm ashamed to say I ate the kale chips. I was super hungry and the smoothie was supposed to be my breakfast. I was in the area for another appointment and came early just to stop there for an Oat Berry Berry smoothie.
Based on this last experience I would have given them 2 stars except for the memory of good flavors past. 
They can be a 5 if they step up their service and consistency. And get some back up blenders to keep in the store. C'mon now.Great place whether you're into vegan/healthy foods or not. Sandwiches and smoothies are delicious. The avocado cacao pudding taste like a homemade chocolate pudding, maybe even better. Everything is and tastes fresh. The best part is they sell pastries from Crust vegan bakery which were so good I had to double check on the Crust website that they were actually vegan. They also have Wi-Fi so it's a great place to study/work while grabbing some food.Great place for a quick, healthy breakfast. 
You can add protein to anything you want. Very friendly staff.Clean space which felt very sterile. I wish the menu were a bit more extensive. We ordered acai bowls that did not taste like the traditional Hawaiian acai bowls so we're a bit disappointed. 
The staff seemed nice.If you are looking for a smoothie this is the place to go! All freshly made right there, and you and customize them as well. They use REALLY fresh ingredients here. I ordered once a banana coffee smoothie, and they used the freshest coffee beans that they blended right in, it was probably the best drink I had in a while! They also offer bakery items and freshly pressed juices. I like all of the juices aside from one that had a bit of a spicy kick to it.
The prices are a bit high, but you are paying for the fresh ingredients and made to order service.Yum! Finally got to try the whips here.  The portion is very very large, my friend and I split a superfood whip and a juice each and were full.  I have seen aci bowls around (mostly Instagram admittedly) and have been dying to try one.  The superfood whip here definitely does not disappoint, lots of goodness packed into one bowl, sweet and tangy and just enough crunch with the granola.  The green juices were just as good as before. The place is very clean and the service is friendly. 
I can also speak to the freshness and locality of the products as they were getting a delivery of strawberries from a local farmer when I was there.I ordered the blue smoothie and it was delicious! The chili was excellent too (I had a sample). The store is clean and bright- I will be back!I was interested in trying an acai bowl. I often see acai bowls in pictures on yelp and they look pretty and creative so I figured I was in for some good ole refreshing and healthy eats.
Since I never had a acai bowl, I didn't know what to expect in taste. I ordered the Philly bowl and it consisted of coconut milk, kale, spinach, mango, avocado, pineapple and it had a granola topping.
My acai bowl was good, however it wasn't what I was expecting. It basically was a deconstructed smoothie in a bowl. I thought I was going to get chunks of fruit, especially on top but nope. The wait was also long considering the fact that it was only one person in front of me.
The Juice merchant also sells avacado toast, juices, smoothies and sandwiches. The prices in my opinion are reasonable. My bowl was around 8.00.
Overall I'll try some other places that serves acai bowls to compare the differences in looks and presentation wise to the juice merchant as for now 3 yelp stars!After not being able to find a cafe spot with a seat to work, I stumbled upon The Juice Merchant. I had been craving a freshly made smoothie since moving down to Philly but I hadn't found a spot. Problem solved. The smoothie was simple and delicious, no fake additives or sugars just natural fruits and veggies. It totally hit the spot and I was able to chill out and get some work done. Funny how things work out.Overpriced warm liquid trying to pose as a smoothie. I paid $8 for a coffee type smoothie and another $8 for my girlfriends Oat Berry Berry in which she discovered thin strands of plastic in her actual smoothie. Most of the time I won't even post a negative review if it's just a matter of taste but nah. The coffee smoothie wasn't even a smoothie it was terrible. And last I checked Oat Berry Berry smoothies don't come with a plastic infusion. For that amount of money man y'all got to do better than that. To make matters worse the bathroom was a nightmare. Gimme my damn money back for real yo. You'll probably ask why didn't I bring them back. Well, once we hopped on 76 and realized how terrible your smoothies were we decided on a negative review to deter anyone thinking of overpaying for a warm loose liquid to go to wawa and get a $2 shake. Trust me it's worth it.Worst experience. Ordered delivery. Driver NEVER showed up. Called the restaurant 4 times NO answer. Absolutely ridiculous. Wish I could give negative stars. Terrible. Unbelievably terrible.It was my first time at The Juice Merchant and I had an excellent experience all around (food, ambiance, and staff).
Food:
The food was fresh and delicious. I tried the Philly bowl but also sampled their juice and avocado toast! I will be back!! 
Ambiance: The indoor seating is very modern and charming! They had a great playlist and a very approachable atmosphere 
Staff: The staff was very friendly and even offered me more granola if I'd like! 
I will be back!!!It only gets 2 stars instead of 1 because the employees are so freaking nice.
But for the love of GOD above,how is it possible to have juice the only thing you do , and the word  Juice in your name ...and not do custom juices ...or run out of key ingredients to customize by 3pm?
I don't care what the excuse is .
There is none.
If Joe and The Juice from nyc ever opens a store here , this place is toast .
I know rents are high, I know produce is expensive and juice takes time . But then don't open a juice shop ! Make it a sandwich shop . Call it a smoothie shop.
But if your going to have juice in your title and charge $9 for it, I don't want any damn jalapeños or celery in it.
Nasty AF.
I'd rather pay $15 for a juice and get what I want in it....than go into a juice store and be uber disappointed and walk out with nothing .
Oh well.
First world problems.I've been to the Juice Merchant three times, and every experience was mediocre. I ordered the Acai Superbowl on my first visit, with oats substituted. The oats honestly tasted very bland, and the smoothie base was very watery.
The second time I visited, I ordered the Philly bowl. The spinach was not at all blended properly, and once again, the smoothie base was watery. I was starving, so I wolfed it down, but resolved not to order it again.
The third time, I ordered an Acai Berry bowl. The lady behind the counter attempted to serve the bowl to me half full-- even with toppings it was nowhere near the top of the tiny plastic bowl! I wish I took a photo. I asked her to please add a little bit more since I had paid nearly 11 dollars for it. She said it didn't blend correctly which was why it looked so small. This didn't quite make sense to be me, but she took the bowl back. However, I noticed the second time she made the mix very differently. Instead of using the acai base, she took some raspberries and strawberries and blended it with some kind of milk. She gave it back to me and I found the bowl way too sour AND sweet at the same time. I really didn't like how she improvised a new recipe...
I don't know why I keep coming back, but this was my last visit. I have had smoothie bowls elsewhere that I love, and I will most definitely be seeking out those other places for my fruit fix.Excellent customer service.  A mistake was made upon checking me out, the employee called attention to it rather than I and when fixing it I was given a full refund "for my trouble" instead do the $3 I was owed.  In addition to this, their food and smoothies are great.  Especially the BLT wrap  that doesn't actually have bacon.Came here to get a smoothie for lunch on Tuesday. The place looked great. I haven't been here since it was a burrito place and I love what they did with it. However, there were 5 people behind the counter to serve the 4 people in line. It was crazy how long we had to wait to each get a smoothie. They have no process and everyone was running around like chickens with no heads.  I waited for almost 15 minutes for a smoothie and I was first in line.  This place has a lot of potential. The smoothie tasted delicious, and I will be back to hopefully give them a higher rating next time.I love the Juice Merchant! My new favorite item on their menu is the acai whip. Yum, yum its the I like to have it for breakfast even though its more like a dessert. I'm always impressed with their innovative and healthy concoctions. Yes, they are a bit pricey but I don't feel the need to complain as the you know that you're paying for quality and a healthy choice. They are a great addition to Main Street!All around this place is just great and a wonderful, needed addition to Main Street.  
The store itself is clean and fresh looking, all white with stainless steel appliances and counters it feels airy and open.  Not to mention that they keep it spotless.  The menu is easy to read, and even with a line you don't feel cramped.  The employees are sweet, and patient (there are lots of choices so you may need some time or some help!) and full of advice or recommendations if you need it.  
One of my favorite things is that they have a little grab and go area with pre-made cold pressed juice, some salads yogurt and other things.  I loved that I could come in for a smoothie but grab a green juice for breakfast the next day.  
Speaking of the green juice, the Kale with a Kick is probably the best one I have ever had.  Sweet from the green apple but not too sweet, and a little spicy from the jalapeno.  It met a perfect balance and when eaten along with a banana made the perfect quick breakfast in the morning.  The other items in the grab and go section looked great and I'll definitely be stopping back to pick up some more. 
I was a little disappointed they did not have the stuff to make the whips with, but at the same time I guess it shows they use only fresh things.  Oh well, next time.  My Simply Green Smoothie was perfect - large, cold and fresh.  It was delicious and filling.  I added flax seed at the suggestion of the girl serving me and it was great.  Though they are a little steep at $7+ for a smoothie they are filling enough to be a meal.  All of the smoothies looked great and I cannot wait to try some different ones! 
All in all you should definitely stop in here and grab something healthy and fresh to nosh on!They take forever and the girl at the front has no idea what any of the menu items taste like. We waited 20 minutes for 2 fking smoothies and they taste ok but it is not worth the money or timeChick had no idea what she was doing. They sell fruit water, which I purchased and made me sick because it was old... smoothie was not thick but oddly thin and warm. Way too much milk. Won't return.Not surprised to see this hipster juice bar/store in Manayunk since it's clear that it's catering to its young, health conscious customers with enough disposable income to splurge on a small bottle of raw juice.
Now, I've been juicing for about 7 years and I'm by no means an expert and I understand the convenience and efficiency to selling bottled raw foods juiced earlier in the day because made to order raw foods can take a long time to make but I like to drink my raw juice at room temperature. And if I'm going to pay that much money, I'm ok waiting a little bit to get my juice at its freshest possible state. Refrigerated juiced raw foods just doesn't seem right at their prices. And someone there mentioned that the juice can keep all day. I'm not sure if they know raw foods shouldn't be kept refrigerated or left out for more than a few hours after being juiced to keep it at optimal nutrient-rich condition.
The flavors (I tried 3 of their top sellers) were ok. Some balancing might be required to get the taste, consistency, texture just right.  
It's a very clean, modern, and minimalistic looking place (def not inviting) and the service is good so if I'm in the area, I might drop in for some juice but that's only if I hadn't juiced that day.
Parking: Metered street
Price: $7+
Wait: NoneThe food is good but the staff is incredibly slow. Guessing they don't think people want things in a timely manner!!This place sounds really great and it wasn't bad in truth, but it definitely could have been better. 
The staff didn't seem prepared to handle as much business as they had gotten (about 5 orders). I ordered the mango bango bowl and it mostly tasted like bananas which was kind of really disappointing when the first ingredient is supposed to be mango. The bowl was topped with granola, wish there was fruit on top as well, the granola was really good though. The place is aesthetically pleasing. This place has potential but it definitely needs to step up its game a bit.This place used to be great. They no longer carry sandwiches, so if eight dollars for burnt toast with some (not mashed but sliced???) avocado sounds good to you, definitely stop by. If you don't like your juice they just tell you not to order it next time, but do not expect a replacement or your money back. They used to have awesome vegan pastries but for the last few months every time i've been in they've had only one pastry. Last time it was labeled wrong, but still good. Today the pastry was inedible. It's a shame because The Juice Merchant truly used to be a wonderful place with vegan options.It was just ok. The space is beautiful and has a light and sunny atmosphere. The service was great and everyone working there was very friendly, but the drink I tried wasn't very tasty. They do offer a 10% off coupon if you check in on yelp.Oh Juice Merchant. What I like about you is that you have more options for add in than Boostin' Bowls, however the flavor just is NOT there.
The bowl I had tasted like mud and everything for the third time in a row was too, under ripened banana forward.
The gentleman who works there is very polite - always, earning them an extra start, but I'm just not sure how I can never like the food.I always get first-class service, tasty smoothies, and a smile at The Juice Merchant. James, who has served me a few times and remembers me, gladly made me my "usual" at 5:59pm - right before closing! Made my night. Cheers to James, and to The Juice Merchant.This place has potential but it needs to be 100%organic. Acai bowls shouldn't come in cardboard cups and $8 juices shouldn't be gmo'd. I have no problem paying for quality foods with good ingredients, but until they go organic I'll be making my own for 1/4 of the price. Also, making a few additions to a smoothie can make it close to $15.I paid $13 for a burger that was not only missing the "bacon" but oddly came by itself, no side salad or fries. Completely overpriced for the quality and quantity.The smoothies just aren't good anymore. And the wait is too long esp when you're the only person in the place. I wanted to support and like this place so bad bc it's black owned. 
The smoothies are watery and the flavors/ingredients are never balanced. It's also expensive. I spend $7 on a 32oz smoothie at suburban station and it's actually delicious. The young guys that worked here last year made the best smoothies. Now they are consistently not good. 
I wish there was another place around here that has good organic smoothies.We had the opening time wrong and the person working let us place our order before they were even open for the day- they were incredibly accommodating and nice. The food is excellent- it's exactly what Media needs- a nice mix of healthy but very tasty vegan options. I hope they expand their menu to include more vegan substitutes- would love somewhere to get vegan wings and cheesteaks in town.. 
We will be back and are so happy with the new concept!I love this place. It's so open, has a lot of light that shines through the big windows, it's always clean and the people are always friendly. I've only tried the smoothies, my favorite so far being Hawaiian Delight but there always fresh and delicious. Everytime I go in the place is empty which shocks me, maybe If they had more comfortable chairs it would be a great work/meeting environment to get more people in. Neither here nor there. Just go get some juice!I wish I listened to the bad reviews before spending money here. It was straight up bad. My boyfriend and I both ordered smoothies. They were made promptly, but when we grabbed them they were lukewarm...like, warm gooey banana purée. We asked if they could re blend them with ice and were told they "don't use ice" and were out of frozen fruit. Not sure if anyone on earth wants to drink a warm smoothie or why this would be their business model. The smoothie seemed like it would have actually tasted good if it was cold, I'll give them that.I have been to most juice bars in Philly and I would vote this spot as last place. I was in town for business recently and wanted to give this new place a shot.
The juice came out luke-warm, the guy working the front desk was rude/defensive when I asked if he had any idea if the menu was 100% organic. 
The banana whip I had took about 12 mins to complete, which is 4x the normal time in California. This place needs a new manager/ owner to train the people working there. 
The paint on the wall was nice and bright, I guess they just opened a few days ago, so thats the plus side of things.We were excited to finally try this place and we each got the Hawaiian smoothie. They were both basically inedible because they were completely packed with pineapple skin (rind?). We had to spit out every single sip until we eventually trashed them. And no, I'm not talking about pulp. It was the tough, prickly pineapple skin. Clearly someone didn't slice the pineapple correctly before putting it in the blender. Absolutely disgusting.I was here before and it took 30 minutes for two wheatgrass shots as she had to bring it out, cut it, juice it, etc.  There were two people working that day. Today I stopped in again (one person working) and was told it would take 20 minutes for a wheatgrass shot (because she had just gotten a big order). I get wheatgrass shots at a lot of places and have never seen it take this long despite other places juicing it right there as well. They should really streamline this process or prep a head some things. It would be nice  to have a fast and efficient juice bar as many people walk/run/bike along the river.