Ordered half pepperoni, half plain. The pizza came all pepperoni and I wasn't even mad because the damn thing was *DELICIOUS*. I can't wait to order again!Look no further for delicious pizza in the fishtown area.  I always went to Francos, but now I have my new spot.Brand new pizza place. Excellent pepperoni and hot peppers pizza.  Also good Salads.  Haven't had anything else but I hear the Brooklyn style and Franco's special are great.  Very friendly and quick service.Best pizza, easy to customize, excellent sauce, quality ingredients. They even called to confirm my order. I salivate thinking of this pizza!!!After searching for a place to order from for an upcoming event in the area, I'm really happy that I found this pizza place on Yelp.  I spoke to Franco and he was friendly and willing to describe the different types of pizzas I could order. They arrived on time and they were all delicious. Everyone really enjoyed them! I definitely recommend stopping in order giving them a call if you're looking for a great slice.Seriously underrated neighborhood pizza shop. We're surrounded by a lot of speciality pizza places in Fishtown, so it's easy to get overlooked. Thin and Crispy from Frank seems low-key, but the pizzas are quality! They offer Gourmet Pies which are really great. Personal favorite is the Franco's Special!This is my go to place in Fishtown/Kensington for pizza and calzone. Every time I order from here the pizza is delivered fast and hot out of the oven.  The owner is an amazing guy who knows his pizza, and has been working in the neighborhood for years.  On a side note, the owner makes awesome meatloaf and rice for dogs.  I highly recommend checking out this neighborhood pizza place, you won't be disappointed.Your pizza is always hot and fresh and we love eating it every time. Delivery is consistently about 35 min or so which is great. Also, the prices are very reasonable. A welcome addition to the neighborhood!The real Franco's!  Franco has taken his food to new heights.  I've had the pizza, the chicken Marsala, chicken tenders and the unbelievably incredible mozzarella sticks (I've missed them so much since he parted ways with his namesake restaurant: Franco's).  If you were a fan of Franco's and wondered why it wasn't as good anymore, it's because Franco left and started 'Thin and Crispy'.  His food is better than ever and it seems like he's just getting started.Very disappointed with my pizza order.  There was no description that the pizza was without pizza sauce.  My order was over $40.00 and couldn't enjoy my pizza.  That's a lot of money to waste.I just ordered a pizza from here, a white pie with spinach and tomato, thin and crispy. I got exactly what I ordered and it was out of this world. It even looked pretty :)  they even sent complimentary garlic knots and something new they made, garlic cheese wheels, they were very buttery and cheesy topped with lots of garlic. Delivery came very fast considering that's it's snowing like crazy out there! This is my new place to order from! Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.New favorite pizza place in the area. Delivery is fast and fresh. I LOVE the Brooklyn style pizza, comparable to pizza I've had in nyc. Can't wait to try more stuff on the menu!Thin & Crispy is *the best* for many reasons. 1. The BEST mozzarella sticks in the Fishtown/E Kensington neighborhoods. 2. Incredible service (Franco- you're awesome!) 3. Order is always correct, delivered quickly AND delicious. Five stars!This place has THE BEST MOZZ STICKS IN PHILLY. I love mozzarella sticks and have eaten a lot. Thin and crispy's mozz stix are hand cut (read: big) seem like they're Panko breaded? So super crunchy/ not soggy. The viscosity on the cheese is perfect. Even if the red sauce is spot on. Not too sweet, perfect compliment to the stick. just get them.Thin and Crispy has the BEST food around, and there are a lot of pizza joints in the area.  The fresh, made from scratch garlic knots are absolutely addictive, and the Brooklyn pizza is so good, we get about 3 of them a week.
The place is spotlessly clean.  The owner is a very friendly Italian man who treats his employees, well.  I worked for him for a while (only left because I needed more hours) and he was always very sweet and kind.  He NEVER smokes in his store, only outside, I suspect whomever left that bad review was with the competition.  You shouldn't play dirty just to try and get some of his business, your food couldn't possibly be even close to being as good as his.
I work at another pizza show now and I don't eat there, I'm at Thin and Crispy at least a few times a week.  Don't believe the bullshit,  Franco is a sweet guy and he's had employees that have worked with him for 10 years or more, do you really think they'd keep a job where they were treated badly?  I don't think so.
Try Think and Crispy for yourself, their food AND customer service is AAA+++ in my book!I walked in to pick up an order and while my order wasn't finished, I enjoyed watching them make the other orders, as I was a little early anyway. The worker apologized a bunch for not being done yet, but once I got my order, I knew why this place had some good ratings! The sandwich I got was loaded with veal parm, and I was able to share it with two people with some satisfaction. The fries were large and covered in toppings. Watching him make the pizzas, I can tell that I want to order one from here at some point! Lovely local joint with some loyal fans!The best pizza in Philadelphia!! We've tried so many  places and nothing beats the pizza from Thin & Crispy. Highly recommended!I really love this place especially because the owner is so hospitable. The food is affordable and delicious! I love the upside down pie! This is a traditional type of pizza that those who are first generation Italians and Sicilians feel nostalgic from. The mozzarella sticks are also so good and huge! They are made fresh! Franco was very welcoming! Those that work there as well are also kind. My hopes is that this small business gets big enough to own a larger property :-)Excellent food! Highly recommended!!!! The service is fast and courteous. I will definitely be back!!I come here mostly for pasta, yet I do love the pizza too. The chicken parm dinner is excellent and surprising from a pizza shop. Gnocci is solid too. My wife loves the fact that we can get both regular and Portabella mushrooms. The Franco special pizza #20 is really awesome...simple yet so good...Spinach, Cheese and Roasted Garlic. On this pie, they put dollops of marinara sauce on top in various spots so its like a hybrid of a white and red pie... if that makes sense. Just get one and you'll see what I mean. Good stuff.Pizza is okay. Not really thin like I expected but is crispy. My pizza was supposed to have caramelized onion on it but didn't. Could have had a little more flavor, like it was missing salt. Did like how they gave two garlic knots for free.Pizza is great 
Prices are reasonable 
Service is impeccable
...and surprisingly the best marinara sauce I've ever had was on their Pompador pizza.Don't know why I waited so long to try this place.  Heard only good things for a while.
These moz stix are the real deal. Obviously home made, and so large, very shareable. 
Thin and crispy chicken fingers. Pounded white meat, with panko.
And the bacon burger was no joke.
Reasonably priced, quick local delivery, and what seems to be homemade takes on the traditional pizza place stuff.
Can't wait to try the actual pizza!AMAZING! Their brooklyn pie is absolutely amazing. Perfect crisp, not too thick and not too thin of a crust, and the extra seasoning just make the pie. The sauce on the buffalo tenders is also full of flavor and tastes better than just the average buffalo sauce. Tiramisu is also pretty good. The order came with free garlic knots.Was craving some buffalo chicken pizza never ordered from here before but glad I did.  Pizza is really good could use more hot sauce but I'm good after adding a bit of my own.  The crust and everything taste fresh came hot and very fast delivery on a Friday night.  They even sent me free garlic knots so yummy thank you.  I also ordered mozzarella sticks to try and wow never had any like these before they're perfectly crispy and hot and cheesy just what u expect from some very big and filling. I will be ordering againFranco the owner not only has quality food but is one of the nicest amd sincere person my husband and I have ever met. His staff goes above and beyond to create the perfect spin for your personal tastebuds. I love my pizza plain with red sauce, not to much not little, just the perfect amount. I also it well done. Not burnt and each and every time its cooked to perfection. We also have has the ziti with ricotta cheese that will dance on your tastebuds. Now most people will say their family recipe for meatballs is the best. I will say this Thin and Crispy pizza has the tatsiest meatballs Ive come across. Living in S.Philly we are spoiled with all the italian rest. in the area  but Thin and Crispy pizza place has stolen our hearts. Its our go to place for italian take out food. Try it, you will not be disappointed! Ty FrancoPizza is excellent. The owner Franco who looks like Robin Williams the older Italian guy is extremely nice and kind.  Love the service and everything about this place.Total hole in the wall but the pizza is fantastic. I've been living in Florida for the last four years and after having a more than a few pies here I feel like I've moved to heaven. I actually walk past one other pizza joint (pretty good spot) just to get to thin & crispy. True Neapolitan Pizza connoisseurs should walk the extra two blocks to get to thin & crispy. We can tell the difference.Used to order here a bunch. Sadly they've lost their way by hiring terrible personnel. Counter person Jamie had the worst attitude over the phone. When asked to speak to a manager she handed me to someone who didn't speak English and clearly didn't run the place. Then she attempted to save face after realizing she had made a mistake but went off again after I no longer wanted to give them my business. Too many pizza places in Philly to give your money to people with poor service.Exceptional experience from start to finish. The Brooklyn pie is phenomenal. Highly recommendSeriously the only place to get pizza in Port Richmond/Fishtown. The homemade sauce, mozz sticks, and chicken fingers can't compare to any takeout joint in the area. Pizza never disappoints. This tiny corner pizza joint is incredible and it shows in what they're dishing out.My favorite pizza place in Fishtown. They have take out only and the owner has been open for two years. Very authentic Italian style pizza. The Sicilian is truly thick and amazing with chunky tomato sauce, high quality cheese and great toppings like sausage and mushrooms. I have used the delivery service and it's only a small up charge and well worth it...and they are speedy. I usually pick it up myself and the owner always gives you a small bag of garlic dough knots for free. I use the Slice app and it is truly the best way. Prices are also very good...just check them out!Great pizza. They are always quick and make great pie. White pie is also delicious. This place is a neighborhood gem. Garlic knots are incredible too. Love their salads with a pizza. This is our go-to spot.The owner takes great pride in all the food that he makes. There is a review on here talking about him smoking while making a pizza. Franco has never smoked in the shop. Also,you need two hands to make a pizza so it's  impossible to smoke while preparing one. If a pizza doesn't look right after it's baked, Franco won't even send it out!  Besides the pizza, the pasta platters are amazing and are restaurant quality. The portions are enough to feed two people so you can share.He also makes his own chicken tenders. They are really big,fresh and almost
look like whole chicken breasts and not at all like tenders. He makes his own mozzarella sticks too. You can tell because they're so big and fat,not like the frozen kind. Sandwiches are really tasty too! His homemade soups,especially the cream soups, are the best!
 I have never gotten anything from there that hasn't been delicious! If you're hungry, call Franco at Thin & Crispy for an amazing meal!The person that took my order was polite and the delivery was timely. The pizza was ok, definitely not as thin as a thin crust should be and really wasn't very tasty.  So, the hunt continues.
The chicken tenders were made fresh and were very good with just the addition of a little salt.Their margarita is delicious.  Their mozz sticks, tenders, etc all made in house.  Phenomenal food and service.  Highly recommend.What a great place. Mozzarella sticks to die for. Wings are perfectly crisp and tasty. Sandwiches are full and delicious. This is our new go to for takeout!We used to order from these guys all the time, but in the past two months we have ordered the shrimp pesto pizza and both times the shrimp was spoiled. We will not be getting it again and probably won't order anything from these guys anymore. It's too bad.One of the best local pizza spots. They have amazing sause. And the free garlick note are outstanding.
The pizza is stkll good when you reheat in microwave or air fryWith one notable exception I feel like I live in a barren pizza wasteland, so I was happy to hear thin and crispy delivers to Port Richmond! And even happier that their pizza-specifically the Brooklyn style pizza-was delicious. 
We have tried Thin and Crispy twice. The first time we got a basic bitch pizza and wings. I wasn't at all impressed with the regular pizza. I felt the cheese was too salty and not enough sauce. It was ok just nothing to get excited about. The wings on the other hand are delicious. Definitely the best I've ever had from a pizza place. We went with the spicy honey bbq and they were perfect. 
Yesterday we got the Brooklyn style pizza, mozzarella fries, and more of those delicious wings. I really appreciate whenever the mozzarella is evenly distributed and not just thrown on top. They did a great job here with that. And the Brooklyn style pizza, omg. So good. It is like margarita pizza but on a square and sturdier crust. The sauce is delicious and the ingredients much better than the regular pizza. I highly recommend the Brooklyn pizza with a side of wings! Best call out food I've had in a while.The owner threatens people and has been physically violent. I wouldn't eat his pizza because he is a crumb bum.Thin and crispy is top notch. From the employees to the owner . Food is great.  Delivery is on time and food.is always hot .i rather eat raw rat meat  walked in and saw manager or owner smoking while making  a pizza  WTF  i left and went to mug shotsFound my new pizza place!! Yess! I've been in fishtown for almost 3 years and tried em all. This is the best, what philly pizza should be like. My husband doesn't really love pizza so we don't order it very often, but he really liked it too. They've easily blown the competition out of the water. Best part was it was such a great price, and the delivery guy was really nice. Also came with the best garlic knot I've ever had for free too! Highly recommendI was craving pasta at an absurd hour and this spot popped up. Gave it a try and I was hooked. Every time I'm in the area, I always get the Penne ala vodka. Super simple dish but they got me hooked. One time they added meatballs and they were scrumptiously moist AND HUGE! The slices here are pretty solid too.Been wanting to try this pizza spot in my hood and finally did. Close walking distance. I always see people in and out of here and now I know why! 
Oh yea, these slices did not disappoint! Had a pepperoni and cheese slice of pizza both last night and today (popped it in my air fryer and it tasted like yesterday!). I liked that the crust is thin and just right. Also, not too much sauce. Mmm! Delicious pizza!
Pizza after drinking just does something. Not sure if it's true that it soaks up the liquor but these slices did its job! Definitely going back!While the service on the phone left a little bit to be desired during Covid, the speedy delivery and the absolutely delicious pizzas made up for that. Make sure to try the mega french fry pie. It's like cheese fries on a pizza and it is as good as it sounds!Fantastic White Spinach and Margherita pizzas. Taste and texture were spot on. I was a bit surprised by how thick the pizza was considering the name Thin & Crispy, but certainly not disappointed. I was expecting paper thin, but it was pretty standard thickness, but it still has a satisfying crispy bite. This is definitely on the go to list for philly pizza spots.By far best pizza spot in the area. Mozzarella sticks AMAZING & fingers showed their homemade touch. Definitely going to order again! Highly recommendAmazing!!!!!' Will be ordering there from now on!! Delicious, fresh!!! I did not want to share this food!!!!Wow! Really loved this hidden gem. Pizza was great and priced right. Pickup was quick and easy. The man behind the counter was extremely friendly and kind. He thought he overcooked the pie and was already making another one, but when he opened the box to show me it looked just right (and ended up tasting just right) to me! You have to appreciate establishments that go above and beyond to satisfy their customers.
Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area! Will quickly become our go-to take out pizza joint!Ordered takeout. Asked for the special with no spinach. Came with spinach fully baked into the pie so I couldnt even pick it off.  Buffalo chicken cheese steak had close to zero buffalo sauce on it and the bread was a wet all the way through. After spending $40, I was left with a bowl of bland cubed chicken and some garlic knots for dinner.I love their pizza! Not usually a fan of thin crust, but this one is great! Well seasoned and flavorful. Big fan of the homemade chicken tenders/mozzarella sticks, although the breading could be a little more seasoned/flavorful. Delivery was fast and maintained no-contact standards. Definitely my new go-to for takeout.I don't get it. The crust was hard as a rock and burnt in places, the cheese was way too salty and everything slid off. Mozzarella sticks just tasted like frying oil and the marinara sauce was bland yet bitter. Salad ingredients didn't taste fresh. What are people loving about this place?Giving it 3 stars so my review doesn't get buried, but the owner is total garbage racist POSnever in my life have i thrown away a whole pizza. so gross. customer service was nice but the food not so much. not worth the money!!I was really excited about this pizza after reading a bunch of wonderful reviews. As I was skimming the menu the owner (I think it was the owner) was barking orders at his staff and extremely rude to his delivery driver. It wasn't pleasant to see and his customer service wasn't great either. I have no problem giving money to a reputable owner but I felt a little sad supporting his business after observing how he treated his staff. 
I ended up just getting a regular pizza because one was freshly made and looked delicious. I thought the pizza would hold true to the name of the store and actually be thin and crispy. However, it was your average pizza with the average crust that you see on most pizzas. I really enjoyed my pie with some hot sauce but was still turned off by what I had witnessed. Not bad pizza but I likely won't be back.