This is really a one-of-a-kind experience! Being able to play board games in a communal setting across from my date and alongside other avid gamers was big plus for me. The staff seemed very lighthearted and fun but with a serious passion for matching the right game for me and my date. I will definitely be going back to find more games, to try more board game themed cocktails and to laugh with my friends.We had such a fun time here this afternoon! After the Eagles game ended, we ventured out to see what this whole "game bar" thing was all about. We're glad we came! 
The concept was awesome. We'd never done this before, but the staff was so attentive, friendly, and patient in explaining the games that we weren't intimidated by their large selection. Our server, Emily, was also wonderful in explaining the menu. We settled in for a game of Timeline (which was recommended to us by our "Gametender", and we ended up loving it so much, we bought it) and ordered drinks and food. The Mac n Cheese was delish and my boyfriend really enjoyed his pizza. Prices were a bit high for the portion size, however. 
The space is neat. It has an industrial vibe with communal tables and a ton of open space. Everything was clean and well-organized. The bathrooms are individual and gender-neutral, which is a really lovely idea. 
They're still working on details, to which I would beg for happy hours and perhaps a dog-friendly night once in a while! 
We will absolutely be back!It was my second time visiting this new and upcoming establishment, and I was once again SO VERY PLEASED.  The staff are all so friendly and there are lots of employees to help in any way.  They have game tenders who will help suggest games, teach you how to play, and make other suggestions based on your parties size, amount of time available, etc.  We played simple and funny games since it was a large group of ladies who can't stop talking long enough to learn new rules but were happy to see such a wide selection!  Among all of us we tried several different drinks including local beers, boozy milkshakes, hand crafted spirits, and coffee to finish our evening.  It was all perfect.  Our food selection was also varied, and included the pizzas, popcorn, snack mix, soft pretzels, and the cauliflower app.  the sauce on that cauliflower will stay with me forever - so delicious I was dipping popcorn in it just to get more!!  Before I left I was able to book a work party for January.  I also plan to come with my kids and their friends.For a place that has been open for 2 months or less, it feels like it has been there for years.  The staff is knowledgeable on the games and can answer any questions you have and the menu contains foods perfect for playing games.  My favs were the pizza with the ham and pickles and the Adult mac and cheese!
Pricing is what you would expect for going out for food and drinks in the city, but with the addition of board games to play you get so much more.  You get to try games you've never played and don't have to waste time trying to understand and digest a game manual. they explain it to you right there.    
I found two games I enjoyed so much that I bought them right there.  Can't wait to go back sometime next month!We have been looking forward to the opening of thirsty dice since attending some of their pop up events around the city. We went last night for their soft opening and we had a really good time. The menu and drink lists were limited due to them not being fully open, but they had a nice selection of signature cocktails. I was there with two lactose intolerant people who noted that almost everything on the menu had cheese on it. We were also disappointed by the tiny serving size for the $2.00 popcorn. Cinnamon Toast Crunch milkshake was decent, Risk cocktail was tasty. 
The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, a few kinks but nothing major and certainly expected for pre-opening weekend. They have bar tenders for food/drink and game tenders to assist with their games. Pretty good selection of board games and super helpful guiding system to choosing the right one. They also have games for sale. It is a $7.00 table fee per person if you play the games, which makes sense because you will obviously be taking up a table for awhile. We were hoping to be in a more game themed space, seemed like a basic hipster bar. We are excited to visit it again and learn some more games!I've decided to update my review due to the owner's condescending response. It's obvious not only by my review but others as well that Thirsty Dice is questionable and needs to re-evaluate their business model. The concept is nice but the execution is apparently not there. It's worth staying at home, playing your own games with your friends and making your own amazing food and drinks.Spent around 4 hours here with my girlfriend for lunch and loved every minute of it. Great decor, service and drinks. The boozy cinnamon toast crunch milkshake was perfect. We played azul, guess who, jenga, and a couple more. We will definitely come back to try out the other games we wanted to play like XCOM. There is also a happy hour from 4:30-6:30 Tuesday-Friday.We went last Saturday at noon with 6 adults, 4 kids and an infant. Because of the time we were seated easily and game fee was $5/pp.
The game tender gave us some attention at the beginning but when it became busy we were left to our own devices completely.
Our server Jake was outstanding and saved this review from being 3 stars or less. I looked at the website beforehand to be prepared and it was not clear that there were different menus. The food information was a little difficult to locate online overall.
The food was great but the kids had most certainly had breakfast and there were very few kid friendly options on the brunch menu-which is the only thing available mid-day. Jake took it upon himself to inquire with the manager to allow us to order mac and cheese for the kiddos! That saved us!
The waffles and the waffle sandwich are WOW! The avocado toast is a generous portion and the bread is yum as it should be in hoagie town-USA. I had the boozy Cinnamon Toast Crunch milkshake which was delicious.
Overall, this place is great and entertaining. The concept is unique and was perfect for our get together. Looking forward to going back-adults only!Such a great concept and so MUCH FUN! I love the game helpers, and trying their recommendations. Otherwise, I would play the same old tired games. The servers are always attentive, and everyone in general is very welcoming. I've only had the pretzels, cider and hot chocolate. The pretzels were decent (nice & thick, but I wish they were more buttery), my friend demolished her grown-up mac&cheese (I didn't even get a chance to taste it before it was gone, so I say that's a great sign), and the hot chocolate was disappointing (tasted like overpriced swiss miss, i will give it another shot though maybe i had an off batch). All in all, round up your friends and GO! Its so much fun!This place was one of the coolest places I have been to. Similar to a barcade but with awesome boardgames instead. My cousins and I are huge board game nerds and we absolutely loved it! A bit overwhelmed with the amount of games available to play. We played "What's that meme?" and "catan" The wait time was a little bit long but we did go with a party of 7 so it was understandable. If the place was a bit bigger and able to seat more people maybe it wouldn't have taken so long to be seated. The food was also very good! I had TWO personal french bread pies and a classic mac and cheese. Both phenomenal! Definitely would go back soon!This was a wonderful way to spend family time before the holiday. The atmosphere is bright and airy and cheerful...ideal for playing, connecting and dining. We ordered delicious beer for us adults and teens ordered wonderful hand made milkshakes. There's a whole library of games to play... and it was a little overwhelming to pick one but our game tender listened to our experience with games and then brought us four games to pick from and explained each a little bit so that we could vote and the winner was Code Names...it was a terrific choice and we played four rounds while dining on what we'd selected from the adorable retro menu. Some favorites included bacon wrapped jalapeños and crunchy veggies with a really lovely arugula dip. Three of us were served wonderful rich and warm dishes of mac & cheese and I got a French bread pizza topped with ham and cheese mustard and pickles. This all was served in while playing the game which was so fun! Dessert was candy and pie crust dippers as shown in the photo. We all agreed it was a family bonding experience and can't wait to return to learn and play another game. Great atmosphere, great staff, great drinks and fun inspiring food.I was unfortunately very disappointed with Thirsty Dice. We had a large group on a week night, and the place was nearly empty. A few small groups around - but for the most part, a quiet night. 
We had 9 people, and one guest brought a friend, so 10 total. We were seated at a table made for 6. The hostess was visibly annoyed with us and frustrated. We asked the hostess if it were possible to have a larger table. There were several larger tables available - and tables that could easily be pushed together. The hostess refused and said we could squeeze in to the 6 person table. The hostess said, we should have told her 10 people not 9 were coming. We said - this is a table for 6. Does one extra person really make such a huge difference? The entire place was empty, they couldn't accommodate one extra person? The hostess walked away in a huff. 
From there, the experience continued to devolve. We were served 6 water glasses - no more. The food took very long to come out. The vegetables and dip were sad and small portioned, shockingly small for the price. The pizza was greasy and nearly inedible. The pretzels were burned and stale. 
The service was patchy at best, rude at worst. The waitress spilled half of our popcorn on the head of one of our guests, getting it all over her hair, shoulders, and floor. She half heartedly apologized, but did not replace the popcorn or offer additional popcorn. We asked for additional pens for a game (the pens in the game were out of ink) and were treated like we had asked to kill someone's first born son. At our already small and smushed table - no plates were taken away as we finished our food. We constantly had to hail down the waitress, even though the place was nearly empty. 
Like other reviewers have noted, the prices on the bill are HIGHER than the prices indicated on the menu, and we also experienced MORE items added. The bill per person was over $70 each for 2 hours of gaming with all the upcharged and hidden fees. 
I'm truly shocked and dismayed at not just the poor service and disorganization, but the rudeness and apparently hostility of the staff.Go for the games, not for the food or drink . There are 5 cocktails and the bartender won't deviate from the "pre-mixed" list. Like, not even at all. I had the punch and it just was not good- flavors didn't mix well. The corn dog pops were cold and dry. The popcorn was also cold, and tasted like it came from a bag (Herr's maybe?). Hoping they can get a better handle on the food cause this place could have a lot of potential! Lots of great games and knowledgeable staff who will suggest a game and even explain to you how to play! Tables very close together or communal and lots of yelling & excitement. Our bill escalated quickly with the sitting fee. Not worth the $60 it cost for my friend and I to each have a snack & a drink.We needed a place like this in the city. It's so nice to go and have somebody teach you how to play new games. The food and drinks are good, you can easily spend a good afternoon or evening hereSuper aggravated that a small group of us drove more than a half hour in the rain and found parking in Fairmount just to be told it was a 3 hour wait. I called earlier and I was told they don't take reservations but usually the wait is about 30 minutes. Total waste of a trip for us... we went back home and went to a local bar. I understand you can't control crowds so why not take reservations then? Knowing this is a place people are going to travel for why not accommodate them? This was a one and done for us. I'm not making the trek to Fairmount again to give it another shotThirsty dice is the perfect combination of going out and staying in. Go in, pay a nominal fee ($5) for access to Thier game library (which is enormous) and once you've done that, play till your hearts content and order some food and some drinks. Once you and your party get a table a "gametender" can help you find a game that would suit your group or you can go searching on your own if you'd like. From there just hang out, eat drink and be merry. 
We had a large group and they were able to accommodate us. Be aware things can get hairy if your whole group isn't there at the same time so just try to plan so everyone is there at once. 
The game selection is great and the food and drinks were too. Definitely a fun place to take friends or out of towners that might be visiting for a chill night.We came in the early afternoon and service was great with lots of assistance from the staff who were very helpful in selecting new games based on what interest and gaming level we were at.  Staff was very helpful in learning the games.  Not all the staff are familiar with each game, as there are well over 100...not an exact count.  The owner Matt greeted us and was interested in our experience and comments. They also have gaming times friendly for families, a few showed up while we were there.  Nice to see families actually interacting and kids offline for a change, although the kids were louder than the older crowd.  Beer, wine, boozy milkshakes, coffee and several snacks were available, at a good quality, better than most gaming places on then west coast where I first experienced these cafes. I had a great time and wish I lived locally so I could return often.So, the concept is wonderful. I'm all for it. But them not having any sort of reservation system is incredibly frustrating and makes it damn near impossible to enjoy it. Allowing people to extend their time when people are already waiting seems like an awful idea. 
I would really recommend coming up with some sort of reservation system.Nice place and concept!  Much better than a typical bar.  Very interactive and great servers.  Only down side is that the food comes out pretty slow.Finally, a place that combines board games with food and drinks in the city! And not only that, a place FILLED with so many types of board games and helpful people to teach you how to play these board games! I was here with a group of 12 this past Sunday, and it's often a challenge to find a game that is suitable for a group this size. The shelves are stocked with so many games categorized by type of game, difficulty level, and group size. We ended up playing two games, Deception and Hive Minds, and it was one of the best afternoons I've had in a very long time. 
You pay a flat rate of $5.00 to use the space and play the games, which, I think is a bargain, considering they have to replenish the games often and keep them pristine. Here's looking at you, people with Cheeto fingers. During off-peak hours, you are welcome to stay until closing, and then during peak days/hours, the $5.00 is good for 2 1/2 hours, and you are free to replenish. There is a separate menu for some light bites, coffee, milkshakes, desserts, and cocktails. 
I didn't find anything food-wise on the menu that really stood out, so a suggestion would be to offer more group friendly appetizers or sharing plates. 
Otherwise, this place has such a chill vibe, and it's a wonderful spot to gather with family/friends to have some laughs and play some games.Not a single reservation option, but apparently, never come on the weekend. I had to learn that the hard way by driving about a half hour just so they can say "it's better to come in the weekday." Good idea. Better yet, don't bother coming at all. Save money and time by playing board games at home.Had a great time last night with total of 8 people. Everyone liked their food. Most got the baguette pizza. A salad was
pronounced good and I had the Grownup Mac and cheese GF. quite spicy. 
We played 2 word games and had lots of fun. 
Only reason for less than 5 stars is noise level. As the place got busier we had trouble hearing each other. Attention to ways to decrease noise is needed. Next time I go I'm going to ask to be in a corner to see if that helps. 
Do try this place!!!!OMG this place is DOPE. They have great food, fun atmosphere and really provide a nice reprieve from the daily. So many games! New and old. Even for us older folks who like 80's games (Candy Land, Guess Who?...ah!). Most of the complaints herein are about the sitting fee. I mean, you're getting a service so I'm ok with that. Although last time I was there they have a "Library Pass" that is $5 so it's not $7. Love it. Can't recommend it enough.Not sold on this one. I love board games and they had a great selection. Also liked the "gametender" who helped us out. The service, however,  left something to be desired. First time I went I had organized a meetup and was unsure how many people would show up but I knew it would be 6 or so. The place wasn't terribly crowded on a Sunday afternoon around 1:30 but they still wouldn't seat us until everyone arrived, and we ended up having to wait around while seats remained empty. We finally were able to sit and ended up having some extra people trickle in later, which I get could be annoying but I didn't appreciate feeling like they were unhappy with us. Also my mimosa was super weak for the $8 price tag and it was extremely loud bc they were filming a couple podcasts or something that no one seemed to be paying attention to. Made it hard to play any cooperative games. The second time I tried to go I didn't even stay - it was just me and my husband and I tried to put our names down but they said they were "updating their wait times and would give us a better idea of the wait" without putting our name down... well after waiting a bit with no updates, we walked out and went to Bar Hygge instead. The Board Room (a board game bar in DC) operates under a completely different model (it's a bar and you can "rent" games for your table) and that worked just fine. I think Thirsty Dice needs to work on their system or, at the very least, their service and explanations of their systems. If you want to go, go with a small group at an off time. If you have a larger group on a weekend, save your money/energy and have a pot-luck game night at home.My boyfriend and I have been really looking forward to Thirsty Dice for many months and it was even greater than we expected. We went to the soft opening and enjoyed it so much. The staff was very knowledgeable about the games and the food was very good. I can see bringing family and friends to this place and enjoying a wonderful night out. The owner and family are passionate about games, the culture it builds and the connection it strengthens. Can't wait to go back!The people who explained the games were extremely friendly and helpful, as was the host. Overall we had a fun time, and the roasted cauliflower was pretty tasty, although I did feel things were a bit pricey.
My main complaint is with our food server. The service from him was average, but when I asked for change for a $20 ($6 cauliflower and $7 cover charge, plus tax), he brought back only $3. Rather than assuming/forcing a 23% tip, it would be better to provide the full amount of change and let the customer decide what to tip.My friends and I love games and heard about this place. We decided on friday night to try the place out. I called and asked if they had any room for a party of 10. The lady on the phone told me there's another party coming in with the same amount and that there was one big table left and whoever got there first would get it. We came and saw the big table was still open. I told the hostess in the front that I had just called and had a party of 9. We had 8 people there and 1 person parking. Instead of seating us at the big table , she sat us at a round table that normally seats 4-6 people. We were uncomfortable squeezing 8 people to start with. She then told our server  that we would be a party of 9 even though she only gave us 8 chairs. When our 9th person walked in , the hostess then told us there was no more normal chairs and to go grab a foldable chair. Odd but we brushed it off. What made no sense was the fact that they did not seat anybody on the big table for the first 45 minutes we were there and when they did decide to seat a party , it was a party of 6. Wouldn't it have made more sense to give us a big table and give the party of 6 the round table ? We then had two other friends who popped in to grab a beer but played no games with us. They left within 5 minutes but were still charged the $5 fee per person which was fine. The drinks and food were good. A little pricy but understandable. What made my experience bad was the hostess. My other friends were around the area grabbing dinner and they wanted to stop by. They came in with a group of 4 and came in to say hi to us and went back to the front to talk to the hostess to grab a table. The hostess laughed at their faces and said "Y'all thought you guys were just going to walk past me and say hi to your friends?". The hostess then proceeded to complain that our party was getting too big. My friends were not trying to sit at our table since they already saw how cram we were on our small table. They wanted their own table (a bunch were open now). My friends felt so unwelcome because of the hostess and left. Other than the fact that the hostess was rude and unprofessional , I would recommend coming here for the wide selections of games.Love this place for a chill night with friends. Their game selection is insanely large. I love their boozy milkshakes too. Fun times with friends!Games: So many games! The library is impressive, and it's nice to have access to so many new games to try. 
Prices:  I understand the $7 sitting fee, as it has to account for people who don't order anything. But, they tax that $7 to make it about $7.50, then add it to your food/drink bill and expect you to tip on it? The food and drink are okay, but WAY overpriced. French bread pizza looks like it was made in a Tiny Kitchen. It would be nice if they reduced the price of menu items, or have something like "order $15/20 worth of food and drink, and you don't have to pay a sitting fee". 
Service: The game tenders (shout out to Joel) were super patient and knowledgeable when we asked for help with new games!! The service was good the first time I went (party of 4).  The second time we had a party of 11 and the service was spotty.  They had strange rules around where we could place chairs to accommodate our group, and scolded us for not making a reservation (we tried to, but they said they don't do reservations for groups of less than 12, so...). The lowlight was that the server *voluntarily* did separate checks for each person, then TOTALLY messed it up. I had to spend 30 min explaining it to the server rather than enjoying game time, and then she was a bit rude despite it being her fault, and I was ultimately still overcharged - not the way I would've liked to end the evening. 
Overall: Great concept, and I'll likely go back if people are going. The staff and servers were mostly nice. I hope they find a way to reduce the prices a bit, and straighten out how they handle the bills.Had a great time last night with total of 8 people. Everyone liked their food. Most got the baguette pizza. A salad was
pr good and I had the Grownup Mac and cheese GF. quite spicy. 
We played 2 word games and had lots of fun. 
Only reason for less than 5 stars is noise level. As the place got busier we had trouble hearing each other. Attention to ways to decrease noise is needed. Next time I go I'm going to ask to be in a corner to see if that helps. 
Do try this place!!!!
On third visit when I asked about GF alternatives (menu had changed), the owner Matt checked in with me and went out to get GF bread since he was out!
Going to try brunch next. All waffles GF!Big fan of the Thirsty Dice and so excited that we have a great boardgame cafe in this city!!!! Really good selection of games and events here, you can really see that they're trying to create a great community here. The staff are very friendly and you can see a ton of different groups here from young families, to groups of couples, to friend gatherings of all ages. We came here recently thinking we'd pop in for a quick game and a drink and ended up spending 6 hours here and could've easily spent longer.
Regardless of the kinds of games you're into they'll take the time to recommend something and explain the game to you. Could not recommend more if you're looking for something do in Philly for an afternoon.The two stars were given because I enjoyed the pizza and the vegan corn dogs. I booked a group party for my birthday and I felt like the service was mangled and unorganized. While we were there pipe burst, multiple plates and glasses were dropped. The Mac and Cheese was not very tasty and the drink had too much ice in it. I felt like they are extremely overpriced to hang out in a cold open space to play games. It's very unfortunate that my expectations weren't met, I had high hopes for this place.As anyone who has hosted a game night knows, there is nothing better than snacks and libations to make gaming fun. I am really into board games and party games, as is my family, so I was "down like a frown" when my sister invited me to check this place out.
When my sister arrived, we ordered food and then an employee escorted us to the game library to help choose something that was good for 2 players. I really liked that they have someone with knowledge of the games to help. Our person, David, was really friendly and also patient with us while we nit-picked about game selection. He was again helpful when we had questions while we played (which was often). I think it is half the battle to have someone breakdown a game for you, as it allows you to just play. We liked the game we chose, and I think we'll go back and play it again. I liked trying something that we had never heard of, and the leisure game play as we chatted was probably the best part of the day.
I only didn't give a whole 5 stars because I wasn't wowed by other elements of the experience. Not to get all Yelp-y about it, but the restroom I used was really small and the toilet and sink were awkwardly near each other. I also was a bit surprised by the lack of ice in our water. They were happy to replenish our water, which is nice, but it's not what I prefer. (My sister tells me restaurants do this to be healthier, which I didn't know about.) There were also no napkins or utensils placed at the tables. My guess is that there are probably some people who don't eat, and it would be cumbersome to gameplay. In that way, it makes sense. Still, maybe having silverware to grab nearby or a napkin dispenser would be helpful. I had mac and cheese, and stringy cheese got on my hands and face and I didn't really know what to do. 
My food was great! My only minor complaint would be that it wasn't hot at first. The game took a little while to explain, which extended the time before I started eating, but I could tell it wasn't hot when it first arrived. The staff were apologetic and brought out another plate of it when I let them know about this. The second time around, I could see the steam rising from the food! It was rather good, but a small portion for $11. 
On that note: once you throw in the sitting fee ($7), you could spend a pretty penny here on food and drinks and gaming. Taking into account the minor qualms above, I considered giving maybe 3 stars. However, the strength of Thirsty Dice is really in its multitude of games and the convenience you get of being helped with rules and set-up. I suspect the drinks are also high-quality as well!  To sum it up: maybe they could tweak a few things here and there, but I really enjoyed myself and I'm excited to return!A lot of games to choose from with someone to help you learn how to play! They also have a great menu with vegan options! Everything vegan is delicious!This was fun!  We went to TD for a team building event, and loved the atmosphere, friendliness and knowledge of the hosts.  I'm not a board game person at all but I really enjoyed the visit, as the hosts were able to recommend some games that were easy to understand and didn't take a lot of prep to get started.  
Bonus points for a good assortment of food and drinks as well!Love this place.
I've gone several times for events like Keyforge, PAX events, etc and I've always had a good time. 
Drinks and food are great, but can take long (understandably if when it gets crowded). Whenever they've had a special drink (like the ambershard) it's always great. I'm a big fan of the Passyunk (mac and cheese with roast pork and long hots), but would love more finger foods type apps like skewers. The beer selection is full of good brews.
The game tenders are not only super helpful, but also seem passionate about the games they recommend. 
Would love more finger foods type apps like skewers.Love this place! The food is tasty (if a bit overpriced), the beer list has some great options, the themed cocktails are delicious, and the game selection is fantastic!! The best part of Thirsty Dice, though, is the game tender system. I've found a bunch of new favorite games by game tender recommendation. Thirsty Dice is one of my favorite spots to bring friends for a fun, boozy night of games and good company - definitely 5 stars!A super fun spot in the city! The food has always been good - same with the drinks. I recommend the spicy baked Chex mix, the popcorn, and the gummy candy mix to share while you play the board games. The only complaint I could see is that they seem a little understaffed at times particularly with their board game masters. You may have a long wait at times, but you hardly notice because there's so much to do. Great concept and great for parties and such.Great Atmosphere and Really Fun Environment. I highly recommend this place. I've gone now twice and both times it's been incredibly fun. I'm always looking to get into new board games as I find it's a great way to make new friends. However, it gets expensive to buy a lot of board games for my apartment. What I love about this place is I get to try as many board games as I want and have new shared experiences with friends. The food isn't anything to write home about but their drinks are on point. You don't go for the food anyway. The people could not be friendlier and the service is amazing. Furthermore, they will teach you how to play any game you want and will recommend games to you based off what you already like. The staff here are so knowledgable and I'd rate this place 6 stars if I could. I can't wait to come back!We had a great time!! Everyone was so friendly and they have great food, beer, coffee and kombucha. Literally every game you can imagine too!Decent food..ok service (slow and the restaurant is not crowded).. $5 a head for us to sit and have brunch and play two rounds of one game is ridiculous. No high chairs. This is a "family friendly restaurant"? (Thank you got the note, Matt. Appreciate you getting high chairs!) 
I'd suggest if they want to fill the house at brunch or during off hours, offset the game fee with food and drink purchases. We spent $100 on food. We shouldn't pay another $25 for the games we played while sitting here. We didn't camp out. I understand the fee if people are just playing but incentivize people to eat and drink!This is a great place to go for both families and friends looking to get together for a fun time. There are tons of games to choose from; game-masters are available to help you pick by genre, mood, interests etc. They explain all the rules to you as well so that no one needs to actually read instructions to any great extent. The drink selection is more than adequate. The experience for us was one that was focused on interacting with our buddies and the games, drinks, and laughs as opposed to small separate conversations at regular bars where everyone is checking their phone or looking at TVs. Would recommend for anyone and will definitely go back. A great addition to the Fairmount neighborhood!The concept of Thirsty Dice met and exceeded my expectations by a long shot!
I loved the layout of the room - much more open-space than you'd think, which allows for the hustle and bustle of people going back and forth to the shelves a little more manageable. 
The game selection was UNPARALLELED. I can not stress this enough. We played a few classics, a few new ones, but I was most excited to play the new updated Fireball Island. (FYI, that game was fun but man it took forever just to set up and read the rules).
The staff was friendly and helpful, all smiles and a willingness to chat you up. They were even offering to make game suggestions and made themselves available to explain rules if needed. Clearly they're going beyond just handling your food/drinks etc - they are there to actually help move you through the games themselves as well which is awesome!
The food was quite good and I liked the beer selection. The only drawback was the price. We ordered a decent amount of food/drink but the bill was a tad higher than I expected even after the $7/person game fee. But I want to be clear that it was not exorbitant - please, visit this place. It's worth it. Just don't go in with the expectation that it's on the frugal way to spend a night out. Again, it's still worth every red penny for the fun had there. So much so that I still bought a T-shirt on the way out. 
As far as I know, this is the only place in the Philly area that has this board game cafe concept AND does it as well as it does. I've been to bars/breweries that try to push the board game element, and usually it's just a small area with a lot of hand-me-down copies of games with tattered boxes or out of date versions. Not only does Thirsty Dice have over 800 games, it looks like they're buying up brand new copies of everything, and the selection is new and current. I know the prices of some of these games and they are not cheap. So them having this selection is amazing. 
I want to just live there. Can I please live there and play all of the games? If the owner lets me set up a bedroom so I can live there, I look forward to everyone coming over to my new house and playing games! Haha.My boyfriend and I were first introduced to Thirsty Dice when they hosted a game night at Evil Genius over the summer; we were super impressed with the staff and have been eagerly awaiting the opening of the cafe. We stopped in on a Tuesday night and really enjoyed it. There's a good mix of games I've never heard of and childhood nostalgia games, and always people on hand to help explain the rules. As some other reviewers have pointed out the food is a tad on the expensive side considering the portion sizes, be we really enjoyed everything we tried. The mac and cheese was my personal favorite. The french bread pizza was also very good, but is pretty small for the price. We tried a few games and enjoyed them all. I was very excited to see Mouse Trap. Unfortunately a piece was already broken, but not badly enough to make the game unusable. When we let the staff know they told us they were already aware and taking care of it, so they seem like they are very much on top of things in that respect. Decent beer selection, and good service from the wait staff and game tenders alike. This is a great spot to go with a group or to switch things up for a date night.  Definitely give it a try!First time going to a bar like this, and I was really skeptical at first, but it turned out to be a really good time! They have a $5 cover charge for every two and a half hour your there, which seemed like a lot at first, but was really nothing by the end of the night. 
Great beer & Special mix drink selection that includes adult milkshakes that were to die for, and they also have a pretty large menu that includes lots of great cheap snacks perfect for gaming, like popcorn, and gummy cups!
We started out playing games some of us had tried before, and eventually shifted into games we'd never heard of before. Their game experts were super helpful!!! And were able to explain complicated board games to  semi intoxicated players quickly and concisely. 
Could have stayed and kept playing all night! Only complain is that they close at Midnight.This is a very innovative concept and a great addition to the Fairmount/Francisville area. I enjoyed finding and playing new games and hanging out in a environment friendly for all ages. We ordered a cheese pizza and the seasonal salad, which were both very good! The one downside of my experience was that none of the employees knew how to play either of the 2 games we selected. This is a fun spot and I will definitely be coming back, although I was admittedly a little disappointed that I had to spend most of my time there teaching myself how to play each of the games when that was a promised component of the fee for the "library pass".We had a great time! We went on a busy Saturday night and though we had to wait, they provided a bar and awesome snacks. Our "gametender" George selected the best games for our group of history nerds and we had a blast! Will definitely come again. Awesome concept for a bar.Where to start:
- Knew about the $7/pp cover charge but we were told it was for the game helpers that explain the games to us. Not a single person ever came to our table to offer to explain the game(s) or help in any way with the games. So we just went ahead and read the game instructions ourselves.
- Atmosphere was severely lacking. Almost zero decor, harsh bright lighting, and cafeteria style furniture. Not cozy at all, which is what you would expect from a board game place.
- Food was terrible. The margherita pizza tasted like something I would've made in my college dorm back in the day. Popcorn was stale.
- Drinks/beers were $1 to $2 overpriced, especially considering the cover charge. One of our group also got the gin cocktail which several of us tasted and it was pretty disgusting.
Had high hopes for this place and we had a lot of fun because of our friends, but if this place wants to thrive past the novelty phase, they should address the above. A cover charge isn't even necessary when people are already paying top dollar for drinks (board games don't cost that much, especially when you've spent money on games instead of decor and other things typical of a bar). The cover charge should be optional if you want/need help with the board game from a worker, or just get rid of it entirely and have a minimum spending amount per table/time period. Or at least get rid of it midweek. If they fix these items we'll definitely be back, but until then, playing board games elsewhere is a much better option.Came here with our kids.  $7 per person fee for adults is understandable, but for kids is bit silly, as they should half that for kids.  The place is loud and seating uncomfortable.  Waitstaff would disappear and then it would be difficult to find them again.  The we ordered drinks and the only food we ordered was popcorn (tried to order more but couldn't find waitstaff).  Popcorn was ridiculously small, as we finished it in 3 hand fulls.  Overall, I get what they're trying to do here but some serious modifications are in order if we are ever to return.  Oh, to end on a positive note, the game selection is amazing.Overall I had a lot of fun here. I went with a group of 4 on a Saturday night. The hostess was super friendly, she said it might be a 45 minute wait so we checked out the games and got drinks at the bar. The boozy milkshake was nice and the cocktails were actually really good. We waited about 20 minutes for a table, and played 3 games in the 2.5 hour chunk of time, and we definitely felt like the $5/person was worth it. We also got a few bites including the pizza and popcorn which were both fine - I wouldn't say you should go there for the food, but if you just need a snack it hits the spot. 
A few things would have brought it up to 5 stars. The service was a little slow, we kept having to flag the waitress down to order more drinks and food since she never checked in, and at one point I had to go on a hunt for napkins myself since none were brought with the pizza. It was a busy night, so I can let some of that go.  
I also wish the staff that were there to recommend games were more helpful. While we were waiting for a table and browsing the games one of the guys approached us and asked what we were looking for, and we gave him some criteria (something pretty easy to learn, maybe more of a collaborative game with a story, etc). We talked to him for what felt like forever and he never actually recommended a game, he just kept saying things that were basically like "All our games are fun, it just depends what you like! It's up to you!" Of course it's up to us, but a little direction would have been nice. Even when one of our party mentioned an example of a game she'd played before and asked if there was anything similar we never got a straight answer, so we kind of gave up and she picked something she had played before to start us off. 
If you're like me and haven't played many board games, I would do some research beforehand so you know what to grab when you get there. They have a sample list on the website but not much information about what the games are like besides very general categories (Classic, Strategy, Party), and when you're there the descriptions on the box don't tell you much about what to expect and it's a little overwhelming. But I would definitely go back!Perfect date spot! My husband and I were looking for new date ideas and tired of the whole restaurant and bar scene. We found this place randomly and love it! We started off with easy board games. The staff here takes the time to explain the rules to you and they even help you pick something out. It took us five minutes to learn each new game, but they were still appropriately challenging to master. We then attended their special events to learn more complicated RPG games that they host and had a great time. This place is a gem. And best of all, their drinks and food are actually good. I wasn't expecting much since the place sells itself as a game shop, but I never ordered any food or drink that I did not like!The atmosphere is great. The drinks are pricey and the food is not all that. This is a great place to go on a game night.My friends and I were in the neighborhood looking for food and we stumbled upon Thirsty Dice. We loved the concept and had fun playing Cards Against Humanity. We're just hoping that the menu gets expanded with more bar food type menu items like burgers to go with the tasty shakes.this is a sweet place to hang out with friends! tons of board games and card games. honestly, $5 is a steal for the fun you can have. but i want to say that you should make a reservation before you go especially on the weekend. my friends and i waited about an hour or so but there are other nice shops around so the wait wasn't too bad. staff is super helpful and nice. we ordered couple drinks and popcorn which was a nice snack to munch on while playing. i would say that the service is a bit slow but it makes sense with how busy it was tonight. it is street parking so that can be a hit or a miss. 
overall, i would recommend this place. looking forward to the next visit!Wife and I took the kids to check this place out.  Picked an afternoon time to try and avoid wait times and we were seated right away.  Had the French bread pizza and stuck to non alcoholic drinks.  Was very tasty.   Game tenders (think game sommelier) were friendly and offered to make recommendation, but we had a couple favorite games in mind.  Parking a little tough, but that's expected in the city, got lucky with a spot just around the block.Do not trust the yelp wait time system. 
Host just told me that I was actually not next in line and that we'd be waiting over an hour. They should probably make this error public knowledge or take this feature off of their yelp. We would not have taken an Uber here.  Also there are 7+ open tables.
**updated after owner response. I truly appreciate keeping customers in the loop. I wish this was messaged to us a little better at the door.800 games and lots of drink options, a great atmosphere with helpful game tenders. Overall a great experience and would definitely go back!Too expensive. Didn't have much of the selections on the menu. Food was not good. Too many pork products. Overall, wouldn't come here again. You're better off having a game night at your house, making your own food & buying your own liquor! Oh! And there's an astronomical service charge for piss poor service.Love playing board and card games so I had to check this place out! You get a waiter and game-tender to help you. The menu is not extensive but easy finger foods are available while playing your games. $5 per person charge for 2 1/2 hour seating to play/try as many games as you want. We tried 3 new-to-us games and had drinks (non-alcoholic as we attended a beer fest earlier) and ate the cheesesteak brochettes. The peach and mint iced tea was great and my friend drank a Jumanji and said that it was very good. The brochettes were very tender and the cheese sauce was flavorful. We played Zombie Dice, Ice Cool, and Azul. Each game was brought to the table after we listed our game preferences to our gametender. Our gametender then set up and explained each game to us. We really had a good time and it seemed everyone else (full place) was too. Looking forward to going back!Finally went here! The best board game bar in the country by far! 
They show you how to use the games and give game recommendations based on your personality. GREAT food and drinks. Great atmosphere! It's a must see!I've been in a few other board game cafes and this is by far the best I've ever been to.
It's a clean, friendly and open space. They have a phenomenal selection of board games. When you see these places you tend to think more specialty games, Settlers of Catan or Puerto Rico being just two of many examples, but Thirsty Dice also has more traditional fare available like Scrabble or Monopoly.
Their library also has a good assortment of complexity and player count meaning a group of pretty much any size will find something for them. There are also excellent chances for drop in players -it's a good crowd of gaming minded people here.
The thing that really stands out is how professionally the kitchen is run. It's an actual cafe, you can just come and grab a beer here and it could function as a stand alone restaurant. I've been to a lot of places of this type that will have the food and drink part of "Board game cafe" as an afterthought. The menu is small, but there is a good variety to it, and they have a great little bar attached to the place. Table service and counter service both.
This is about as great as board game cafes can be.Was driving down Fairmont this past Saturday and saw their chalkboard advertising their brunch specials and decided to stop in. Upon walking in, the place had a very welcoming vibe- warm yet spacey, a wall chopped full of games, and at that moment a couple of large parties enjoying brunch and playing board games. We were greeted by Dylan, the host who explained how the place ran. 
Me and my partner were sat at the two top tucked in a corner next to another couple. We decided to browse the menu before checking out the games. However, at least 15-20 minutes had passed, food and drinks and even games were picked, and still no sight from our server. The gametender introduced himself to us, to which we let him know we were ready to order. He said he would get our server. 
This was the reoccurring theme of our visit  - having to ask for everything and everyone for help because our server was nowhere to be found. Could I see him servicing other tables or waiting for food or drinks instead of greeting us? Absolutely. As someone who's worked as a food server previously, I must say this server was the absolute worse. I had to ask the host to ask him to bring us water (this being around 30 mins after we were sat) and I watched him bring tables sat AFTER us their drinks and foods BEFORE us. It seemed as if he knew he messed up, and would avoid us/our table. When he would bring us our things he never offered an apology, water refills, no "how is everything?", no "is there anything else I can get you?" - literally nothing. New flash buddy: service like that gets you no tip. Upon finally getting our food at least 45-hour later, my churro waffle was warm and yummy, yet my partner's chicken and waffles was cold and bland. Yet again, had to call over another person to get it remade. 
I really believe the place has potential! To be around a year and a half already it's clearly doing something right. Food and drinks on the pricey end but filling nonetheless. The food and the atmosphere was good, I really believe we just had an incredibly bad and maybe even new server that couldn't handle two 4-tops and one 2-top simultaneously... Will seriously consider returning.Great place to spend time with family and friends.Great game selections. Good food and drink. Game masters very helpful with new games.Came here with a group. They didn't take reservations for groups under 12, which is understandable since it seems like a small place. When we arrived, one person from our party was going to be 30 mins late. They said they couldnt seat us until we were all there. We asked if we could just have a table and add a chair later, they said no. We asked if we could sit at the communal table for now and just move to a table when we were all there. The WOC behind the counter spun her head around and rudely said "No! I'll tell you right now, that's not happening." Apparently if we want to switch tables, we need to close out our checks and then open a new tab. Okay, whatever. We sit at the communal table which was pretty empty and hoped the empty seat beside us stays empty. The seating policies are kind of ridiculous.
Anyway, we take our seats and ordered food and drinks. Nothing we ordered was remotely good. The hot chocolate tasted like the powdered box kind you get for $1 and it was literally cold. I decided to pick something else. The peach iced tea was tarte and not great. The mac and cheese and pizza were bland and way overpriced.
The game selection is why this didn't get zero stars. They have a huge variety and we had a lot of fun! However, the staff that are supposed to teach you the games arent very knowledgeable of the games and one even taught us the rules wrong. We didn't get the full experience because we'd been playing incorrectly. Luckily after a bit of frustration, we read the rules ourselves and figured out the correct way.
When the bill came, they messed up the calculations. Then we had 4 different people approach us with incorrect checks. One even charging us for an extra person.... finally after 30 mins of incorrect checks, we were able to leave.
They did discount us 10% for the billing error. 
However, before we ever consider coming back, they need to be more accommodating with seating and work out their kinks.
They also need to hire hosts with better attitudes. Luckily our actual wait staff were sweet (despite the mistakes).
TLDR; large game selections. Hostess was rude but wait staff were nice. Food and drinks were mediocre at best.Nice game selection. I met up with friends for a double date. We had a great time! Someone was on hand to explain the more complicated games to us. We had so much fun playing classic favorites. The service was great as well. I enjoyed the happy hour menu and specials and the candy but the rest of the menu could use some work. Lots of vegan options but several meat inclusive items that I wanted were made with pork. This place is great for group outings with friendsThirsty Dice is a super cute and unique concept and I'm so glad we have a gaming cafe in Philly.  I love that you can get a few drinks, snacks, and just play some board games in a spacious, relaxed setting.  I stopped by with my partner to kill some time before a date night dinner reservation.  We paid the $5 charge each to check out the games that they had - it was a really good variety, from classics to new titles we've never heard of.  We will definitely have to be careful if we ever return - we definitely wanted to buy the game that we played.
Overall, I really like the concept and had a great time.  I loved the drink I got - I do think that some of the snacks are a bit overpriced for what you get, and just a little expensive in general.
My biggest critique though is that the service we got was really not that good which is why I'm docking a star: we waited for forever just to get our card back (I'm talking like a good half hour.  Again, this is just to get the card back after I've given it to the server).  
We would probably return with a group of friends though if we have ample time and want a really low key night.  If you don't own a whole lot of board games yourself or just want to try out some new titles, I would recommend giving Thirsty Dice a try.  It's a nice alternative for finding something to do on a weekend if you're not up for some high octane.We went cack to Thirsty Dice for the first time after Covid and had an AMAZING time! We felt totally safe there.  New menu is awesome! Jake is the best (as always) and we LOVE Sheena! Welcome Sheena! So good to have our old fave back again - we missed you!The 2nd star is really just for the concept of a board game bar and the fact that they didn't kick us out after 2.5 hours. Everything else was a very mediocre if not downright bad experience. 
First the reservation process - you NEED a reservation for starters - then they're very strict (at least they're upfront about it). Can't be seated if the whole party isn't there and they give your reservation up if you're not there in 15min. They actually threatened this upon my group when I was late. Since it was late in the evening they let them sit down without me there. This isn't some five star restaurant so I don't see why this is all necessary. 
Our board game expert person introduced himself at the beginning and explained how it works and that he can help us choose stuff and play the games if needed. All well and good except he never came back around to check on us or see if we needed help or anything. The game selection is VAST which is great if you're into board games. That really is the highlight of this place. The 5$ Fee PER PERSON to "access the library" seems silly although I suppose this is to ensure they make some money with people who buy one drink and sit there for 2.5 hours. Still, I think it would be more fair to just have a flat fee for the table. 
Now food and service wise...terrible. Our server never filled our water glasses without us having to make a concerted effort and flagging him down ( I suppose they wanted to be sure to live up to the name "Thirsty Dice." They forgot what I ordered (I got the Dark Side cocktail which was in and of itself not great). My friend got a scoop of ice cream and a shot of espresso. It was minuscule and still cost 9$. Two of my other friends asked for hot drinks with a shot of alcohol in them. The server got one person drink wrong (Brought coffee instead of hot chocolate) and then on top of that it was cold. Tried to send it back but the server was always missing in action so we just gave up. Furthermore, both of them felt that was really no alcohol in them at all which made it all not worth the 9$ each. We also ordered a cup of candy, which presumably isn't hard to make but literally took 30min to come out. He also never came by to clear used cups and dishes, and having extra table space when playing a board game seems reasonable...To top it all off, tip was included  so our server made away with a decent tip even though he more or less ignored us and did everything wrong the whole night. 
The one nice thing was that they didn't kick us out after the 2.5 hr listed time limit. It was nearing closing time and the place was clearing out so it just made sense to let us sit there till midnight. 
Great concept, love the collection of board games, but the price seems a bit much, the drinks are hit or miss (mostly miss) and the service (both our server and the Game Master Person) was terrible. I would much rather just play a board game at someones house next time.This place has everything you need for a fun night out-- good food, good drinks, and a large selection of entertaining board games. The staff are always really accommodating and friendly. The second time we went here was in a big group, with a baby, and they accommodated all our needs including a highchair, coloring pens, extra napkins, and baby games. They charge $5 per person as a game-maintenance fee which seems reasonable as I'm sure the games need plenty of upkeep with all the use. 
The food is pretty good, with a good selection of vegetarian and vegan options. I do hope they switch the menu up at some point so there is a bit more variety. I haven't tried the ice creams but they look good too. Overall a great time, and the staff really make all the difference.I used to go here before COVID all the time, and had a blast trying out new games. Now, love to stop by to pick out new games and grab some ice cream. Such a great neighborhood spot!I've been a few times pre and post pandemic and it's just a great concept poorly executed. A massive game library backed by "game masters" who assist with setup and instructions is the highlight of this... If you can find one. The space has no acoustic dampening and bounces voices like crazy making it impossible to hear the person next to you at moderate capacity. The fees quickly add up, they've started adding automatic gratuity and a lot of the menu is overpriced for the quality and portions. Services is nearly absent, they're understaffed and mismanaged in the front of house and would probably benefit from a POS system that sent orders straight to the kitchen from the patrons themselves to cut out the middle man. Service could be provided by staff or ping the table when an orders ready for pickup. You're paying for the the time there and I've consistently waited lengthy times for food, drink and game service while there trying to find a server or game masterThis is a wonderfully unique place. The selection of games was absolutely amazing. The food was well above expectations and would rival any class of restaurant. The host was pleasant and informative and our experience would have been  five star if not for the lack of service on the part of the wait staff. After our initial drinks and food items were delivered we were not offered any more. I had to chase down  my bill after an hour and a half of absent  service.We got a solid takeout meal from Thirsty Dice this weekend. The French Dip sandwich was unreal, nachos were awesome and the tater tots were the icing on top. The ice cream and milkshakes (boozy!) were delicious as well. Can't wait for the weather to warm up for more ice cream treats and outdoor dining/gaming. This place is awesome!Amazing  place for a night out with friends, family, dates. Great selection of board games and good coffee and restaurantCame here tried to get a table for 4. We were told they not taking walk-in. We then made a reservation on open table went back inside and then was told yeah I see you made a reservation but we are all booked up and understaffed. I did see at least 1 open table while we were being told this.Keep in mind there is a $5 per person game fee on the weekend but this gets you 2.5 hours of game time.
My friends and I came in around 3pm on a Saturday. Mostly empty aside from 2 other groups. We were invited to peruse their selections until our entire group arrived. We were seated at a table and a game sommelier came over not too soon after to ask if we needed an explanation for a game. 100% service from the game sommelier. It was harder to flag him down as it got closer to evening time and more people came in but we managed to read the rules and learn ourselves.
It was hard to flag down our server from the beginning. The kitchen closes from 3-4 but we were there for games. We ordered 3 lattes, a hot chocolate, and a cocktail. All were pretty standard. When it came time to leave, we had trouble finding our server. I flagged down a passing server to get the check. Our server magically appeared after a few minutes with the check in hand.
I would definitely come back some time!A few friends and I went to thirsty dice to play some board games and get some drinks. The staff is very kind and happy to teach you how to play any board game, provide any game recommendations or help
make a decision in a pinch when you're in a competitive game. The inside is beautiful and super colorful with board games compromised on every wall and cranny. They even have board games for
sale!! So not only can you test games out, but if you like the game and you want to purchase it you can
do so! I can't say I've heard that as an option before at any place I've been to so I gotta give thirsty dice major kudos for that option! I ordered the Hanabi tea that they make in house, which is
mint green tea with their house smoked coconut and ginger. It was delicious!!! My friend ordered a regular coffee and couldn't get over how delicious his coffee tasted! My sister ordered the vanilla milkshake which she said was out of this world!! We will be back to thirsty dice very very soon!!Not really known for the food... but the food is good. Not great, but satisfying and really is just there because people like to eat and drink when playing board games right. We enjoyed our time at Thirsty Dice playing Guess Who and Sorry. The Host and our waiter were kind and patient. My Squad rolls deep (jk it's 5 of us!). He explained any fees and menus. It was a good time. 
The term "hidden menu" is always cool to hear. The place is pretty clean and quiet even with so many guests at a time, I never found myself having a hard to time hearing my family at the table. They do have outdoor seating which we opted for with our reservation, but our host was gracious enough to sit us inside due to the heat and humidity. Yuck! 
Next time I go. I'll try the nachos. Maybe with another Mudslide boozey milkshake. Which was so good. I will definitely grab some adults for two hours of fun and enjoy my time that way. The kiddos are fun too. They keep it interesting for sure.Game library has something for everybody and the... well, I guess you'd call them docents, have a knack for simplifying games so you can get right to playing. The ownership is really cool, too. I sent in a question and they got back to me immediately, and even offered to buy me a drink next time I was in. If you like games and drinks, you can't lose. 
I like the Nashville chicken nachos :)Sooooooo, at first sight this place is very cute. However, the atmosphere seemed odd. When we first came in there were lots of tables available but we were placed in the back near the kitchen. Then as people came in we noticed that we were sectioned off by ethnicity. And unfortunately the world we live in now, this isn't acceptable. Amongst conversation with the couple next to us they felt the same way. When speaking to the manager he gave us the explanation of how the reservations were assigned which honestly doesn't make comfortable. Jake did state they will be more aware of the issue we brought up. And offered to move our table and offered us complimentary passes for another visits. 
Justin came over an offered an apology and insured us that this was not the environment they want to create. He then comp'd our tab. We appreciate him coming over and talking with us. The apology was very sincere and made us feel a little better about the situation.