I took my husband to Three Chefs last night for his birthday dinner. I had heard wonderful things about it, and since Brazilian food is my husband's favorite (he is from Brazil), I thought it would be the perfect spot to celebrate. It was a mixed experience. 
The space is lovely; very intimate and romantic. A carafe of delicious mint water is left at your table. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. As nice as the staff was, they need more people there. We arrived at 8, and it was almost 9 before we even got bread at our table. The couples at the surrounding tables were joking that they try to make you really hungry before they will give you your food. We had ordered salads and appetizers in addition to our entrees, and when 9:45 rolled around, we knew we would need to call the sitter and ask her to stay late. 
The salad and appetizers were amazing! My husband had the collard green salad, and my house salad came with my meal. Honestly, they were incredibly simple salads, but they blew our minds. We also had the white truffle yucca fries and the asparagus soup. Again, they were outstanding. Even the bread that came with the soup was unbelievable.
When our entrees finally came, our expectations we high. We had already had such a wonderful meal, and expected it would only get better. Sadly, the entrees were the biggest disappointment of the evening. My husband got the Brazilian BBQ, and his steak was over-cooked. The sides were a mix of fabulous and underwhelming. He loved his fired banana and tomatoes, but the rice and beans were just so-so. He felt you could get better at a Brazilian buffet for a lot less money. I had the shrimp, which came with plantain chips. It was messy, over-cooked and sickeningly sweet. For me, it was nothing spectacular, which really bummed us out, since we were so excited about it. 
Had the entrees been the quality of the other food, I would say that the price is right. Unfortunately, I think I could have gotten more for less at another spot. The other food we ordered was absolutely worth the cost. Seriously, I would have paid more for that soup! 
Perhaps dessert would have redeemed the place, but we were already running late for the sitter, and had to rush home. 
I don't know if we will eat here again. It has a lot of pros, but also a lot of cons. It is a fine place, but not quite up to reputation.Absolutely wonderful food. Everything is locally sourced and organic. The drinks are fresh squeezed, we had pineapple mojito and lemon lime, very good. The chefs chicken had shrimp and purple potatoes brussel sprouts. 
Portuguese steak with fried egg, Canadian bacon and fried potatoes. Everything perfect and  Delicious. Ended with chocolate suite mouse. .We had a wonderful meal here. Rafaella greeted us with a smile and it didn't fade all night. My date spoke Portuguese and it was fun to watch the two of then chat. The menu was Very interesting and had a tough time deciding, it all looked wonderful. I ordered the Brazilian BBQ Picanha steak and it was a PERFECT choice. The presentation was beautiful with sides of fried banana, jasmine rice and black beans that were awesome!
My date had grilled salmon with lemon butter, roasted vegetables served on a plate made of slate. That too was spectacular! I would have stayed for coffee and dessert if we had time. The room was trendy, warm and welcoming. Don't second guess this one... choose 3 Chefs tonight for dinner.
GOURMET BRAZILIAN BARBEQUE
perfect cut Picanha steak served with rice & black beans, fried bananas, farrofa and vinagrette  24.503rd visit in 12 months.
It was sweet potato soup , omelet stuffed with mozzarella and cheery tomatoes , garnish with greens and toasted artisan bread, and a cup of coffee.
Soup express the natural flavor of sweet potato, fresh sweetness comes out intact,  seasoned happily with ginger to a perfect pitch, harmonious without overwhelming the soup. I love the texture of the soup too.
Omelet is  unsophisticated  BUT seasoned to perfection.  Omelet , mozzarella and cherry tomatoes are happily dancing on the palate. Taste and texture is consistent from the edge to the core. Garnished Greens  are balance , earthy, seasoned very well. It is fresh and crisp.
Last but not least , finish off with the full body, almost dark roast very smooth with the light kiss of chocolate aroma, the Brazilian coffee. Excellent coffee.
Oh happy day !It's so nice to have a cute/classy restaurant in the NE. Especially one with excellent food. We had the Three Chefs Salad, Salmon Carpaccio, Filet Mignon, Brazilian BBQ and some decadent desserts. Everything was amazing! This is a place I will recommend to all my friends in the area and take out of town visitors! Looking forward to trying their brunch menu next!Went there with friends for brunch and it was an amazing experience. The food and service was great!! Loved everything about it!I had high expectations as my husband and I rarely are disappointed in a BYOB. I used a Groupon and the waitress seemed "irritated". I will use a Groupon whenever I have the chance if I intend to revisit an establishment. Upside to Three Chefs Bistro: The decor is adorable and the music is very relaxing. The downside: Although most BYOB's are a little more expensive, you tend to get a full plate. Disappointedly, we left hungry. My husbands risotto was so minuscule and my pork dish (it's a Portuguese dish but I'm forgetting the name) contained 2 baby clams although it was advertised as a pork and clam entree. We probably won't visit again. I will say that the Carpaccio appetizer was very good but not enough to frequent the restaurant.The decor is great when you come in, a nice combination of rustic and stylish.
I started with a delicious chai latte, I almost didn't want to drink it because the presentation was so attractive in a tall glass mug with a little piece of biscotti and whipped cream on top.
Then I had the parmesan truffle yucca fries. They were fantastic. Tons of flavor balances with the mellow earthy yucca notes.
The sweet potato soup was great, though it came out a little too hot to enjoy.
The entrée I got, the grilled shrimp wrap, was good... However the wonderful appetizers left it a little flat by comparison. The "grilled" shrimp didn't have any char to it and there was a bit too much dressing in the wrap which dripped out when I picked it up. It all had a nice fresh crunchiness to it but wasn't quite as good as it sounded on the menu.
All in all it was a great experience.Only reviewing for lunch takeout. Service was a bit slow but hostess was very friendly and sandwich was beautifully boxed and delicious. Nice place to get something different from the usual lunch fare. Will patronize again!Terrible experience. Made a reservation and got our table right away. That was about it for good service. It took an hour, no exaggeration (as we were assaulted by the draft from the front door each time it opened) from the time we were seated to get our food. Bread came to the table 25 minutes in. My complaint about the slow service to the waiter yielded neither faster service or even an apology. Ten minutes before the food finally came, he reported back with "your food will be out in a few minutes". When it came time for the check, I had to deliver it to the counter, no evidence he was going to pick it up any time soon. Food itself was good, not fantastic, and a bit overpriced. Most definitely will not return.Brought my family here for Mothers Day. It took us so long to decide on our order because even though it was a special Mothers Day menu, everything looked so good!
For Apps: I just got braces this week, so I knew id be limited in dining options. Thankfully they had an amazing cream of mushroom soup app that came with really good bread. I dont typically order soup when out, but I now see many soup lunches in my future. My brother ordered the chorizo and it came out still flaming. I couldn't partake, as i cant chew currently, but the rest of the table shared and said it was delicious. I dont actually like chorizo, because its usually very greasy, but I am eager to try theirs in the future.
Entrees: I got the bbq entree of pichana, rice and beans. (Obviously i didnt understand that pichana was a steak when i ordered, but thats fine i brought it home for a very happy boyfriend) It was absolutely  delicious. I squeezed the orange that comes with the steak over the rice and beans mixture and nom nom nom . 
The staff was super friendly and accommodating. My mother is a huge pain in the ass, she also loves to "customize" whatever option she chooses. She did this with her salmon entree and the waitress couldn't have been nicer about it and accommodated every ridiculous request my mother threw at her . To give you an idea, the entree was salmon with avocado sauce, mashed potatoes and vegetables. It ended up being blackened salmon with rosemary sauce, caesar salad and veggies. 
The restaurant itself is modern, clean and adorable! This is definitely a new neighborhood favorite for me and i will be coming back--sans mother and with a bottle!!Decided to dine at this much recommended restaurant with another couple. Wanted to try some place new, love BYOBs, and the place was highly recommended by friends who are we classify as "restaurant officianados". We were not disappointed in the least. From the friendly greeting when we arrived, to the great service, to our departure from the restaurant, we felt welcomed and cared for. There is definitely something on the menu for everyone.  My husband had Paella, which was shared with the other gentleman in our party. We were advised at the outset by our waitress that 2 people could definitely share this dish. I had the sea bass, which did not disappoint. The fact that it's a BYOB is an added plus for us!What a wonderful find!  A tiny BYOB Brazilian bistro in the Northeast?!  Who knew?  The food was incredibly flavorful, prepared perfectly and arrived in a timely fashion. We had the Brazilian Barbecue  (as in grill) and lamb chops which were both fantastic.  Perfect portions packed with flavor.  The servers were lovely and attentive but not overly so and the chef/owner came out for a visit at the end of our meal.  The decor is simple, fresh and tastefully done.  My only complaint would have been to dim the lights just a tad.  
I wish it were closer to home (Valley Forge) as I would return frequently.  Best of luck!
P.S.  Should you forget the wine...no worries...there's a PA Wine & Spirits across the way!It's such a lovely place and the food tastes delicious!! I wish I could eat there every single day!!Wow, dont want to stop and write this review , but i got to do it now that way I dont forget this delicious taste(not that I can forget).
Delicious, steak, paella and branzino. You try it and finish my review, ok. Got to go back to eating. Just look at my husband face the way is is sucking that lobster, that should clarify everything.
Service was exceptional, Tiago was very attentive and super hospitable. 
Dessert, specially the tres leche creme brulee was very delicious.had better food at outback. one word for this place YUCK.Pretty great food and nice decor, horrible service and very expensive for what it is. Any enthusiasm about the menu by the staff was completing  lacking when asked for recommendations. The dishes lacked uniqueness. Smoked tomato soup was pretty bland but the cauliflower was pretty good. We all loved our entrees and the dessert (risotto, Brazilian BBQ and the creme brûlée). Not sure how long this place has been open but it could be a pretty awesome spot if they got their service together. Super slow wait service, food preparation took forever, some things came cold, forgot to give us our left overs when we left. Again for those prices and that type of service it's pretty unacceptable however the food and space itself has a ton of potential.The best!! We love it. We are a big fan of their menu.  the yuca fries are to die for. 
The presentation is beautiful and the place is very modern. We are regular customers and we are so happy to have found such a good restaurant close by.What a gem! My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner on a Tuesday. It was pretty quiet as it was close to closing time. The ambiance was very nice; a very chill atmosphere. The food was delish! We had the chorizo appetizer (enough for several people), clams ala chef, paella V and 3 chefs chicken. We had enough chorizo and paella to get a to go bag and both my husband and I eat a lot. Did I mention that the bread was amazing?!? BYOB is a HUGE bonus (we should have brought more), plus they don't charge a corking fee. The waiter, Tiago was attentive but not bothersome. We can't wait to go back and try brunch.I echo what other reviewers have said, "it's a hidden gem." Three Chefs is serving great food!
My fiance, who is Portuguese, and I have now eaten here twice. From the appetizers to the dessert, Three Chefs does not disappoint. I've had the Portuguese steak and the Picanha - both were prepared well and delicious. We got the Yuca fries (tasty, great flavor, crispy) and the Shrimp al Ajillo (good quality shrimp with a tasty garlic sauce)! For dessert, we had the Flan and the Passion Fruit Creme Brulee - fresh and great flavor. 
I will definitely be going back!I wasn't impressed at all, after reading all these GREAT reviews I was expecting a fantastic meal. I ordered steak risotto, and since my husband is a chef I know what risotto is, I got Jasmine rice after they messed up my order completely. (They made shrimp risotto, and then took another twenty mins to get my food out) it was an anniversary dinner with my husband and he wasn't impressed either especially not for the price we paid. They said they would comp my meal but instead only comped us our dessert, which in turn is next to nothing on the meal. I don't think i will be returning, shame because the place has so much potential.By far the best Brazilian place in the NE Philly area. Keep doing what Brazilians do best. Thank you! #proudtobeabrasileiraPaella was fresh and reminded me of espana.  Fried yuca was to die for with shredded light cheese on top. Little pricey but if you want to treat yourself great placeBYOB main reason I went. Was seated right away the server was attentive and checked on us frequently. I recommend this placeA friend and I had a lovely lunch at Three Chef's Bistro today. She lives in the NE so we agreed to meet in her neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised by the lovely interior of the restaurant (pity it is stuck in an ugly strip mall - I have no doubt this restaurant would do very well in a neighborhood like Manayunk/Fairmount or East Falls. Seems a waste up there in obscurity). It was pretty empty (only 2 other tables seated) so we had excellent attention from servers. I ordered the Brazilian chicken straganoff and my friend had a steak dish (sorry can't recall the name). Both were hearty portions and very tasty. The bread and olive oil arrived with the meal which seems a bit odd - should have been served prior to the meal while we were waiting - so we didn't eat it. I live in the City so the chances of me going here again is very slight as it was a good distance away. This is a gem sadly hidden in the non descrip, dull strip malls of NE Philadelphia. I hope they survive there....The crab cakes were not meaty at all and had a funny flavor. The crab bisque had no flavor. The rice and tostones on the Mozambique Grilled Shrimp dinner were dry as dust and had no flavor. The shrimp on the platter had good flavor but still had skins on making it totally messy to eat. Definitely not worth the price for that platter. The pineapple mojito was good.Although a small place but the food was very fresh and of high quality in a relaxing environment. Perfect place for a date!!  I love their sorbet and other desserts on the menu. I would give it a five star if food can come out a little faster!Another fantastic meal tonight!! Spanish mussels were so flavorful. The filet was cooked to perfection and was so tender and juicy. Three chefs chicken will never disappoint! The sea bass was delicious, and the chef deboned it for me when I wasn't sure how. Topped it all off with bananas flambe, and it was incredible! The service, the ambiance, the decor - it's all wonderful. We love it here!Not what it pretends to be.  Skip this place.
This restaurant, regrettably, cannot live up to its own aspirations.
Clearly a lot of thought went into the decor and menu. But it's far too pricey to fall this short.
There was only one other table of 3 when we arrived and yet we waited 45 min for our orders and there was a hair in my dish.  It was mentioned but I didn't dare send back or I would have never left this restaurant.  Disappointing especially because what I did eat of my dish wasn't bad.
Cream for coffee arrived 5 min after coffee, no refill on water.  And nothing was taken off bill and a 20% gratuity was automatically added to bill?!  What a disaster.Went for lunch with my daughter and a few friends.  The decor is very pleasant, the service outstanding and the wait staff very accommodating. The best part was that all of the dishes we ordered were out of this world! The chicken panini and chicken wrap sandwiches were of the caliber of any 5 star restaurant, the fish was perfectly cooked and the home made cornbread was delicious and shouldn't be missed.  We had creme brûlée for dessert which did not disappoint and the smoothies and freshly made coffees and ice teas are a wonderful compliment to the meals.  There is no better place to get this quality food in northeast Philadelphia in my opinion.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back again and again!I would have loved to review Three Chef's for the food but when I got here this morning at 8:40am, they didn't feel like being open, when the posted open time on the door and the menu I got from there is 8am. Real professional.A new hidden gem in the Northeast! I actually stumbled upon this restaurant while browsing through YELP for places to take my mom for Mother's Day, and this was in the neighborhood and looked pretty good. They had a fixed menu for the holiday, so I'm not really sure how extensive their normal menu was, but everything sounded really good. My mom and I had the French Toast starter, which was fluffy and covered in powdered sugar and strawberry's made with thick bread slices. We also had their daily special tacos which were highlighted on the chalkboard behind the counter. 
All of our food was good, but pretty expensive and small portioned for the exuberant price. We also were one of only maybe 5 families in the small restaurant at the time, and our first round of food (the tacos) took almost 45 minutes to come out. 
In summary, the food was good, but super small portions and came with a hefty price tag. Don't come to this restaurant starving, because you might actually die before tour food comes out.So we tried this restaurant because they offered a groupon. We got there around 8:30 so we were the only customers there at that time.  Our server couldn't have been me pleasant.
She explained the specials and mentioned that they were out of one of the soup choices. Understandable as it was late. I choose the Brazilian bbq steak which was cooked to perfection .  
While we were waiting we were served a crusty bread with olive oil and a balsamic vinegar. Really good. I also ordered the cream of asparagus soup. Our server let us know that it was actually dairy free.  Was hard to believe. My wife order the salmon which she loved. I'm not a fish eater.  We were surprised that it came with an array of sides ( marinated cherry tomatoes , black beans fried banana , and grilled pineapple. I will definitely be back. Without the coupon the bill was around 80.00  and we tipped 16.00. 20 percent before discount. So with out any discount you can expect a 100.00 check.The food options are unique and, for the most part,  good, but the wait time issues mentioned in previous reviews are on point. We waited over an hour for a dumpling dish that was cold when arrived, which was about 15-20 minutes after three of our other entrees came out. The staffing and wait times require some work, but the mix of fruit drinks and most of the entrees were quite unique and tasty. Hard to figure out what to rate this place, so to be generous, I leave it at a 3, but just barely at that. Don't bother coming here with a large party or if you're strapped for time.Awful experience. We had our reservation on August 13, Saturday and restaurant was absolutely empty. Now we know why. First: the prices for food for not established restaurant are too high. We travel all over the world and know how this food should taste. Our main entree was under cooked and over salty. We had to return this and recook over. Only one thing that makes it different that it is not typical design for NE  area and china was beautiful. Chef was very apologetic but we are not coming back due the food as not good for this money.Food is good. We ordered off Uber eats a few times. Only down side is that they instead of removing items off the menu from Uber eats they would just cancel the entire order and wouldn't even let you know. They did give us a credit, but now they aren't on Uber eats they don't have delivery anymore.Amazing! Very classy atmosphere. Skirt steak and Ribeye were on point  Wish we lived nearby..Perfect. No soda but fresh salad, elegant soups, cold spring water and a refreshing swiss lemonade. Staying across the boulevard at 4 Points by Sheraton and grateful for the peaceful healthy option so close by.We went there last night the paella for two is enough for 3 or 4 people and the tuffle fires are great. We will.be going back for the fish tacos they look delicious. The only downside was the wait for the food. We were there over an hour before we got our entree. But presently surprised of how good the food taste it was worth the waitAn amazing menu with freshly prepared meals that include a variety of meats and fish, house made sauces  and organic options. Great dish presentations. Service is fast and friendly. Atmosphere is casual and comfortable with dim lighting and beautiful wall art. Outdoor seating available.Delicious! It was a slow night here for a Tuesday, but it was a great change of pace. Brazilian bbq with rice, plus a passion fruit creme brûlée! Wow.Cute and quaint location. Decor is beautiful. Live music was a nice touch. Food was delicious but I was not a fan of the pineapple tarte.Don't let this place fool you, while it is in a strip mall right off of Grant Ave. once you go on you totally forget. It is decorated so simply with tons of bright white decor around. It truly is very inviting. 
I did not realize this was a BYOB, or I would have brought some champs for their fresh juices. They also have plenty of coffee for your morning commute. 
I met my best friend and her sweet little girls for lunch so we decided to share a few things, since this was my first time here. We shared the yuca fries, veggies tacos & Caesar salad. 
The food was plated nicely. I loved the yuca fries & the veggies tacos were amazing!!! All fresh farm to table veggies ( different depending on the season ) but I will definitely be going back for these! The Caesar salad was also very good, they used crustini instead of regular croutons. 
They also serve breakfast & had a decent dessert menu, but I was too full to try anything. Maybe next time. 
If you are looking for something healthy bring a bottle & eat here. You won't be disappointed!I have eaten a Three Chef's three times and each meal was delicious.  I especially love the whole sea bass and skirt steak.  The prices are definitely higher than the surrounding restaurants, but they are fast food.  Three Chef's uses quality ingredients. The desserts are so fresh and taste homemade.  The fact that it is a BYOB is amazing!  Can't wait to go back!My husband and I came for dinner for the first time and instantly fell in love with this hidden gem.
The ambiance of the restaurant is bright, warm and inviting.
The hostess is sweet, courteous and attentive without being too intrusive.
The Chef's Clams appetizer was served with spinach & slices of garlic. Yum.
The shrimp risotto, garnished with jumbo shrimp was creamy and flavorful.
We laughed when the grilled lobster with shrimp arrived at our table. The pictures on Yelp did not prepare us for the size of it. It was larger than the plate and oh so TASTY! Don't get it twisted, this not a complaint. Just a warning this will feed two hungry diners.  The shrimp were cooked to perfection; succulent and well seasoned and that lobster was as well. That dipping sauce is a perfect accompaniment to both.
Love the grilled organic vegetables. They were cooked until tender and sweet without being over done.
We had a wonderful time and will come back again to try their other dinner offerings and brunch.Super cute atmosphere and good service. Loved it! Everything looks so thought out - definitely recommend.The food was excellent, and seemed to be prepared with great care.  The ambiance was pleasant.  The servers were gracious and attentive, but seemed somewhat unfamiliar with the menu, and served bread towards the end of the meal.  The prices were a bit higher than expected.  Overall, a worthwhile experience.Absolutely LOVED the restaurant, the food and the staff! We were lucky enough to come in on a not so busy day and could thoroughly enjoy staff's attention, accommodating all 5 of us and a baby! The food was out of this world, from warm crunchy bread with dipping oil and olives, to ridiculously tasty and perfectly crusted creme brulee! We ordered seafood dishes, pizza for the child and Filet Mignon. EVERYTHING came in together as it suppose to, all dishes were excellent, that we couldn't try each other's dishes fast enough :) The chef (i believe) personally came to us asking about the food. I am still surprised that such amazing, trendy, top notch place is hid away in Northeast Philadelphia, cause its a 100% city quality restaurant!
I will and am recommending it to all my friends/relatives and wish this place the best of luck and growth. Thank you again for the wonderful dinner! :)
P.S. Prices were totally reasonable as well!So far not so good!! My husband and I stopped in last night to grab dinner thinking we could do something quick but that definitely isn't the vibe we got so I grabbed a takeout menu and left. I went back today to grab lunch (takeout). The menu looks good but had no descriptions whatsoever. So I proceeded to ask the girl what was in the salads and she had no idea. Everything I asked her she had to stop and go ask the chef. And came back rambling off ingredients as if she wasn't even sure she was repeating it correctly!! Not a good sign!! I hesitantly ordered the three chefs salad, shrimp bisque, and a mango smoothie. It took almost a half an hour and I was the only person in the place. The salad was ok. I asked for the dressing on the side and it wasn't and the chicken was horribly over cooked. Also for an $11 salad it was very small. The soup was average. The smoothie was good but nothing great. 
My advice to this place would be get your act together!! There really are not many good places to eat in the northeast besides junk food. If you are going to last the service needs to be impeccable and your servers need to have full knowledge of the menu. I don't want to stand in the middle of an establishment while my server runs back and forth asking questions to the chef. The menu should have descriptions so you have some idea of what your getting. Not a good sign!! And for the prices the food should have been amazing!! Cute decor will only get you so far!! I might attempt a second try for dinner but my expectations are extremely low!!
Maybe they need 7 chefs!!First - REALLY top notch, interesting food.  Pleasant staff and nice atmosphere.  If I were just judging the food it would be an easy 5 stars.  However, I've been here twice for lunch and the wait for the food to flow from the kitchen was over 40 minutes.  Not many folks have that much time to give for lunch.  
The first time I was there it took so long we had to ask them to change it to a to go order.  I chalked that up as one bad day.  But I relived the same experience on the second visit.  When I am in the area I'll still take advantage of the excellent menu but will absolutely phone in my order.I've now eaten here four times.  Been totally happy four times.  The food is exquisite, the service laid back, the ambience serene, conversation easy as the noise level is minimal, background music low and pleasing, parking free and abundant.  Definitely my new fav.  Definitely a place for me to entertain friends and clients.  It is byo, and if you do, the wine glasses the provide are top quality.  They ring as they should when toasting!This place is a hidden gem that I can't stop telling people about!!! We found it on Father's Day and have been back several times since then. 
First, it doesn't look like your typical NE Philly place, where you feel the owners aren't even trying. The tables, the wall decorations, it all reminds you of an upscale center city place. VERY pleasant and welcoming! 
Second, the food is consistently delicious!!! You can't go wrong, seriously! Not only that, but the little touches make all of the difference! It's served with attention to detail, making sure the taste buds and the eyes are pleased. The menu changes with the seasons, which means you are initially a little sad that your favorite from last time isn't on the menu, until you recover a new favorite. :)
Third, the customer service is superb! Whether you walk in and are greeted with warmth, a smile, and attention throughout your meal, or make a reservation and get a cal to see how they can make sure you have a memorable experience, you will love feeling like you are the most important person in the cozy, intimate space. 
Basically, whether it's date night or a family dinner, go ahead and knock their socks off with this secret I'm sharing because I have a big mouth and don't want to keep it to myself!This is my second time at the restaurant and it's my favorite in Philadelphia so far. Very nice decoration, friendly staff and awesome food! I saw at the internet, people complaining about the price and the wait for the food to come. Definitely the price is worth because you are eating a high quality of food and also has a plus, it's all organic! Since I have a very good food I will not complain about the wait. If I wan't something fast, just go to a fast food drive-thru.Loved the calamari and the salmon with the green salad was delicious! Crab cakes were very tasty. We also really liked the thin crust margarita pizza. Definitely will returnMy boyfriend & I ate here for Valentine's dinner. It was highly recommended by our friends. It is the Old General Grant's at Grant & the Blvd, but only half bc the other side is an insurance company or something. We were excited to finally try this place. We walked in and it was so quiet. I felt like we were in church right before mass starts where you turn your phone to silent. There were four tables being used. We sat at a table for two against the wall where there was a white leather bench with cute pillows & candles. It was charming. The light fixtures looked like something handmade on Flea Market Flip. Not all tables & chairs matched, but it felt trendy like we were in Fishtown. We must have gotten there at the perfect time around 6pm. We ordered a crazy salad that came on a piece of slate made up of hummus, veggies & hard Triscuits. For an appetizer we ordered the Truffle Fries. OMGOODNESS, they were so good. They were brought out together right after some bread & basil oil. We also had fancy tap water with mint leaves in them. Then our main courses came out. This entire time, the table next to us was still waiting on their food. Plus the restaurant filled up the 11ish tables they had. Back to the entrées, my Love had Taj Mahal, which is orange chicken. It was so good. I wish I would have picked that. I had Brazilian BBQ steak. A good steak can make or break the experience. This was the huge MISTAKE! I ordered it Medium rare & it was over-cooked. It was really fatty & it was overly seasoned. Why the hell would you over season 2 medallions of filet mignon? It was too salty. I must have drank two old school milk jugs of fancy tap water. I have mixed feelings about this place. But the question I always ask is if I would come back? I have thought about this for a few days. And no. I tried it. I got that out of my system. I will most likely not come back for over priced dinner I could have made better myself.Very cute. Good food. Service could have been a bit more attentive as it was late lunch and it was pretty empty. I suggest the Truffle Yucca fries! Also, love the decor/design-- which is a plus for me.We had a wonderful meal and the paella was really outstanding. The flavor was distinct and the portion was huge. Enough for 3 people, enjoyed the leftovers at home. The cod fish cakes were also delicious. We'll be back!Finally got to try this little spot near home in the NE and my wife and I were pleasantly surprised. It's a little gem tucked away amid other shops and could get overlooked until you step inside. 
The decor is beautiful, music gave good vibes, and the place has a charming feel, especially at night when we stopped in for a late dinner. The friendly and knowledgable staff brought us delicious bread and a carafe of water and told us a bit about the newly opened Brazilian/Portuguese restaurant. I ordered a pork dish I can't remember the name of but was on special. It was tender and delicious but combined with the sides it came with the dish was a bit overall rich and heavy. The salad that came with it helped cut through that though and I enjoyed it overall.
Stopped in again and just had to add a bit more. This place is excellent!We have been here twice and while the food is pretty good for Northeast fare and comparatively for some Center City locales, the wait time for food is unbearable. It is evident that there is a lack of time and preparation management in the kitchen. We were a table of 4 and the only patrons in the restaurant and from arrival to finish it took just a little over 2 hours. One would imagine we would have our food in a timely manner with time to just sit around and chat not the other way around. The clams were extremely salty which is a disappointment. The caprese was fine and perfectly seasoned but you can't quite mess that up. The service of replenishment should not be left to someone at the table flagging the waitress down. The waitress isn't entirely knowledgable in what is being served or how to communicate that to guests. After a 45 min wait in between first course and entree we finally had our food. One person ordered the piranha steak medium rare. It was tough and chewy. One had the cod with coconut milk and you could not taste the coconut because there was bell peppers that overwhelmed the dish. Odd because it was asked of the waitress if there were additional ingredients in the dish other than the "cod with coconut milk" and the waitress indicated it was only the two ingredients. The okra side dish that was ordered was overlooked and in fact it was only because the waitress overheard someone ask about the okra that she went to the back to inquire about the side dish. A side dish should come, if not prior to the main course, with the meal. It should not come 10 minutes after the main course has arrived. After our first visit where we raved about the food and the fact that all the dishes were perfectly seasoned we were quite disappointed this time around. We brought our friends because we thought that it was a good restaurant that was priced relative to the menu items, but we were a bit embarrassed to have even suggested it because of the long service being that we were the only patrons!Excellent.  Creative menu.  Delicious and fresh.  Artistic flair applied to every last detail on the plate.  A bit more expensive than other restaurants in the area; but well worth the price.  Treat yourself.Food was very good.  The sign looked like a law office. We pasted right by it.  Cool place but not busy on a Friday night.This was our first visit. My dining companion ordered the Challah French Toast. She confirmed it tasted as delicious as it looked. I ordered the shrimp tacos. The presentation of the three tacos was appealing, and they were filled to the max. They were incredibly delicious. I almost said 'yum' aloud. One was enough to eat. We each left with left-overs. A pleasant surprise was the coffee. I don't know why or how, but it was outstanding. We agreed that Three Chefs will be recommended to family and friends, and become a new to-go  place for us!Delicious food both times I ate there but the service was also exceptionally slow both times.  
During my first visit I loved the vegetable tacos and went specifically for them. They only had a brunch menu and when I asked if I could get the tacos I was told they could not be ordered as they were only doing brunch.  While waiting a VERY long time for our order I saw that another table got the vegetable tacos so I asked why I couldn't get them.  I was told it was because I am not vegan.  If they had them there, it makes no sense to me why they couldn't be ordered.  Even more frustrating... they brought my son's entree to the table without mine (which was eggs).  After waiting 15 minutes and having shared my son's salad with him, which was delicious, I asked for the check at which time they brought my meal to the table.
It's a shame as I really loved the food there and would have returned.So here I am once again at this great little spot in the NorthEast, this time for my birthday with my lovely wife. 
We've been here several time but it's been a bit and we were pleasantly surprised by an updated menu that made it hard to pick what to enjoy. I settled on the Brazilian BBQ, which was a perfectly cooked steak with rice, beans, grilled pineapple, fried banana, and tomato salsa. My wife chose the Three Chef Chicken which had this amazing sauce that was so good we tried to get the waitress to spill the beans. Everything was absolutely delicious. 
I will not wait again to visit again, I'm thrilled that this is so close to home.Three chef is a great restaurant, The decor of the restaurant is definitely on par I like the contemporary look. We need more restaurant like this in the northeast area so we don't have to travel so far into the city. The food taste great. My steak was overcooked but seasoning was on point. Their donuts was delicious. I would def come back to this place and recommend it to my family and friends."Outstanding "Downtown" Quality Restaurant"
Click your heals and you're not in northeast Philly anymore!
Lunch and dinner are gastronomically mind blowing. The steak sandwich is tender and delicious. The organic chicken pannini is superb. The dinner ravioli breathtakingly delicious.
Granted the prices reflect the quality of the chefs and their product. Where else can you get organic food of this quality so masterfully prepared? 
Remember the convenience.....you did not have to sit on I-95 or pay to park.
This is our favorite Philadelphia restaurant!My husband, toddler, and I had a spur of the moment dinner here on a nice Friday night, and it was surprisingly empty.  We were only one of 3 tables at 7:30pm.  The restaurant itself is intimate, well decorated & furnished, well lit, and the noise level was perfect. The staff here (chefs included) is gorgeous & friendly, and the food was fantastic. I'd love to give this place the full 5 stars, but will not for 2 reasons.  
1. As personable & accommodating as the servers were, they seemed inexperienced. For example, our cheese plate was placed on our table without a description of the cheeses or accompanying condiments  (one of which was a crazy delicious citrus type custard).  The servers would benefit from more training/ familiarity with the menu. 
2. The price points- the menu has Center City pricing, with a strip mall location & w/o the Center City experience.  I wonder if the restaurant would attract more patrons if prices were slightly lower. For example, I love carpaccio, but did not want to pay $24 for this as an appetizer here. We only paid this much for the cheese plate because it was shared. 
In general, these are issues that can be approved with little effort. This is a great place to visit, and I hope it sticks around due to the high quality of the food, which is lacking in the Northeast section of the city (other than Blue Duck).Yes, yes, yes! What a truly fantastic and insanely refreshing addition to this neighborhood! Absolutely nothing like it around! Farm to table, organic, non GMO and locally sourced ingredients. 
We go to the same spots when we are in the area which are great, but other options have be needed for years and this place delivers and then some! I only hope this new type of place for the area is as well received with those who actually live here as I need this to stay as my new obsession and healthy go to in the NE for a long, long while. 
First of all...ambience and decor is on point! Stunning. Incredible attention to detail. Clean, yet warm and inviting. A Farmhouse table sits in the middle of the cozy space with pops of yellow in the form of metal bar stools. This table is great for large groups or to sit with others you don't know for a Sunday brunch. Simple greens and an awesome open lighting fixture hangs above. There's also a green open plant box hangs that on the wall. A long dining table which feels like it was taken right from the owners own home and flanked with distressed white wooden chairs is up front by the window with a beautiful horse photo behind. A white, crisp, tufted banquet bench with pillows, and low tables for two are towards the back. Very bistro-esque. The open shelving display units are gorgeous and there are pops of equestrian details all around. The waitress told me they light the wall long, electric fireplace and place candles on each table at night! LOVE! The music is great also and helps so perfectly set the mood. I felt like I'm home in the city. Hallelujah!! This place could be great for a date, coffee and convo, a large party, brunch with the kids, lunch and fresh juice with girlfriends or a dinner with the fam. 
It's a cafe and juice and smoothie bar! You can essentially come in and just enjoy that. 
There's now a regular Brazilian influenced full page menu as well as a take-out. You can order from either while dining in. Prices may vary. They also have brunch and dinner menus for dining in. You can order anything, anytime of day! 
After I chose my seat, the adorable waitress brought me a cork topped carafe of water with a glass of ice and lemon. (I love when I don't have to ask for lemon. I especially love a carafe that sits on the table as I drink a ton of water. It's the little things sometimes). 
The menu is great and full of tempting dishes. I asked the waitress one of her favorite meals? She said the tacos. The menu says steak or chicken, but she told me they can make veggie tacos for me, no problem. 
They were INCREDIBLE! Crunchy and fresh, bursting with flavor. Three overstuffed tacos with everything... Lightly oiled Asparagus, peppers, onions, tomatoes, avocado, shredded lettuce, cilantro, even shredded carrots and broccoli which I've never seen in tacos before. Served with a medley of perfectly pickled veggies! These tacos change with the season as they are farm to table and use seasonal ingredients. Each time I've had them they were different. Each time I've had them they were DELISh!! 
I also ordered the yuca fries to take to my girls for an after school snack. They were elegantly plated and delish. I mean, I had to try one (or two!) 
The soups are always a good idea. The fam has tried 3 different now and all were really well liked! 
I originally ordered a pineapple mojito (alcohol free but the encourage you to BYO! So bring it on in!) The waitress informed me they were out of mint which they get locally. She suggested a lime lemonade which was so refreshing and smooth, sweet (not overly sweet) and not too tangy. 
I am always happy with my visits here! Our waitresses and the owner have been very kind to us. We always dine leisurely during the week and we are never in a rush. Can't speak about busier times at this point. 
I highly recommend this hidden gem while in the area! 
**Hidden in the shopping center behind Nifty Fifties. Easy to miss, but don't!!Ordered Pickup through Eat24.  I ordered the Shrimp Risotto, Codfish croquettes, and the shrimp bisque soup.  I liked the flavor of the risotto, but my shrimp were completely overcooked (see half eaten picture).  All 4 shrimp were completely rubbery and it made the dish completely unenjoyable.  How could they charge $20 for this and overcook the shrimp? That's absurd. 
Next I had the codfish croquettes.  It was extremely fishy and there were a few bones in them. They didn't have any flavor in them. I was surprised they didn't come with any dipping sauce . I had to use my own tartar sauce at home to dip them in, and even doing that made the experience very unpleasant due to the bones in them.
Finally, the only thing I enjoyed was the shrimp bisque soup. It was rich and the soup had plenty of small shrimps in them.  Guess what, the shimp in the soup were not overcooked like the shrimps in my risotto were.   That one item I liked does not make up for the rest of the food that were not acceptable.  I don't believe I will be ordering from here ever again.OMG, it's the best Brazilian restaurant I've been in the US so far, and I am living here for 15 years! 
Every single plate I ate was delicious, with a taste of home, served in a refined manner with some delicious twist. 
And the picanha is simply amazing!
The personnel is very friendly and the bistro is freshly charming. 
This place is a must, particularly for the craving Brazilians that have been living here for ever!Amazing. What a nice surprise. We're visiting from Burbank , CA and chose this restaurant checking YELP. Food was amazing. Service was great. Decor was upscale.  My husband had the shrimp and I had the BBQ. We'll definitely return when  we're in the area.Beautiful atmosphere and delicious food! This place is like this secret gem you find in an area where you think there are no gems. The interior details are so cute - you can tell the owners put a lot of love into this place. I had the chicken w shrimp dinner and it was very yummy. Also ByOb - cant beat that! Love it!Place is modern and good looking. We went on a Wednesday night so it was pretty slow. But that was good because we had a toddler with us. The server was very nice. The food was good. We'll be coming back again to try other stuff on the menu.
Update: we've been here a few times now and I feel like it's either hit or miss. The food for the most part is delicious. The Paella was salty and I was disappointed because I love paella. So far my fave paella is from Mixto in the city.Really good meal. Patient friendly staff, interesting and varied menu. I had Brazilian BBQ, perfectly cooked steak, great sides, such as fried banana, black beans and a couple others. Interesting tasty salads, and the pineapple mojito (non alcoholic) was really good. Great place to try in NE Philly!We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food. Everything we ordered was delicious. Presentation was also nice. I will definitely come back.Our compliments to the Three Chefs! My wife and I both agreed, best food we'd had dining out in a very long time. I had the Sea bass and my wife had the Portuguese steak. Both were truly outstanding. Everything was so flavorful....from the salad to the clams opener to dessert. We left stuffed and happy. Other reviews complain about the prices so much we almost didn't go but this is organic, grass fed, wild caught, Desserts baked on premises, Local and seasonal food! The prices are fair for all you're getting and well worth it. We found them by randomly searching for organic restaurants near our hotel. Shame we don't live closer. Great little place.went there Friday night (5:55 PM), with a Groupon.  Groupons are good every day, unless stated otherwise in the fine print (nothing there).  On their sign board, it says "Groupon not good Friday and Saturday".  Hostess says, "don't leave yet,  I'll check with the manager; usually it's OK before 7PM" (and the place was almost empty).  Came back apologizing...so sorry, not good after 6PM (and it wasn't even 6PM yet!).  They need to get their act together.  Needs to be listed in the fine print.I am so happy Three Chef's is in my neighborhood. I get fine dining without the Center City parking and wait. All of the ingredients are fresh and beautifully put together. My husband got the Brazilian BBQ which included steak, rice, pico de gallo, black beans,amazing grilled pineapple and lightly battered banana. It sounds crazy but all of the textured together were incredible. The steak was cooked perfectly. I got the Three Chef's Chicken and that sauce was soooooo insanely good. Chicken was cooked to perfection and the mashed had little treasures of corn in it that were yum. Excellent and friendly service. Never disappointed here. Highly recommended. Great decor as well. Very cozy and cute.love it here, however, food is an unreasonable price. other than that, everything is great.My son and daughter chose this little restaurant for Mother's Day lunch. I thought the place was so nice when we walked in. The decor is modern. The dining room area was very clean. The Mother's Day menu was so enticing that we were having trouble deciding what to eat first. Then it hit us.... The smell of fresh baked buttery warm gooey where they should be and crisp and flakey where they need to be freshly baked chocolate croissants.  We shared two. Did they go with what followed, maybe. Were they worth the departure from what we had been thinking of ordering...oh my yes!!!!  We ordered drinks. Coffee which my son raved about. A delightful Apple ginger tea for me and for my daughter a pineapple mojito fresh juice...it was stellar.   The charcuterie platter was more than enough for three and was tasty and pretty to look at as well.  Then came our meals. Huge portions of very impressive food to say the least. The veggie tacos were three huge and overfilled delights. Served with homemade pickled veggies on the side. These were an off menu offering for the vegetarian at the table. The salmon with avocado sauce had to be the largest and best cooked piece of salmon I've ever seen served in a restaurant. The large salad it came with was fresh and perfectly dressed. The roasted veggies were a mix of fresh, lightly browned and tender crisp morsels that were beyond flavorful. The three chefs chicken had a dreamy creamy sauce and succulent shrimp stop boneless chicken that sat on a bed of mashed potatoes. The roasted veggies graced that plate as well. We each ate more than half of our meals but we had so much beforehand that we all brought home food for later. We also took a few macarons to go. Don't miss those. They were all delicious but the caramel one was my favorite!  Service was friendly and quite good. The prices were fabulous for such fresh and well prepared food. You can tell this chef puts love into what he makes.  Go here for a date, for a nice meal, for a wonderful fresh juice or to take home some of the most amazing pastries. This place is a real hit!!Takes for ever to get serve, potions are small and over priced .Bread was cold and hard did not enjoy food.