This is my favorite dinner in Philly. I grew up going here every Tuesday morning for breakfast with my parents, and getting the breakfast special (which used to be only $2.95). The food here is great, they're open all night, the service is good, and the place itself looks great inside since the remodel they did a few years back. I don't live in the northeast any more, but I still eat here a few times a year with my family, and if my grandmother visits from Florida, she specifically requests that we go to Tiffany's.So as a regular with to this dinner due to late night work this use to be a very well operated place, but like everything else things have gone down hill, during my last visit a waitress confused two orders and after the food was already placed at a table and the other customer noticed the food was incorrect they're waitress returned the food to the kitchen which was then brought to my table and the manager attempted to act as if the food had just been made. That's unacceptable and unsafe as the food was already placed and returned. Once confronted with what was done the food was correctly remade and the manager attempted to make it as if it was not what happened,  the waitress did make every attempt to apologize for the mistake and was sympathetic to why I was upset but beware and keep your eyes on your food.Subpar food at best. Service was quick but not too professional. I ordered a side of cream chipped beef instead of on bread so I overheard the waitresses complaining that there is no side of cream chipped beef. To top off our "lovely experience", while talking to my waitress she kept cursing (not in a negative tone) but she told me how impressed she was with the diner because "the kitchen floors were so f*cking clean" and "she was afraid to work here because she heard the girls are b*tches".. Totally inappropriate and contributed to the lowly 2 stars.Let me make this crystal clear.  This place earned it's two stars from the good waitstaff,  that's about it.  Otherwise zero starts would have been appropriate. The food was beyond bland and even weird tasting at times.  We ordered the meatloaf dinner and half spring chicken dinner.  The lineup of of sides were as follows: mashed potatoes and gravy, cold slaw, & fried green tomatoes. All were absolutely tasteless.  We were also greeted with some sort of sweat bread at the beginning of our meal.  We didn't care for that either. It was overly sweet and didn't pair well with the accompanied butter in my opinion. 
 I do not recommend.
       As we were leaving, we even overheard the guests at the next table say to her friend "I don't like this at all , yuck", as she pushed the item to the side and tried something else that I couldn't recognize what it was. So there you have it.I went there tonight with my friend and enjoyed a delicious meal. The restaurant was clean, the service was friendly, the food was delicious, and the prices were reasonable. I am not exactly sure why this diner only has three stars, but I am giving them five tonight.Tiffany is a diner; a bit glorified, but still a diner. If you understand that going in, you shouldn't have a problem with it. Diner means you get good basic food -- not 5-star quality, but far from garbage. As long as you don't get too exotic and stick with basics -- meatloaf, sandwiches, chicken parm, breakfasts, etc., you'll be fine. For those complaining about the cheesesteaks, if you're truly a Philadelphian, you know you never get a cheesesteak in a diner; they're never good. You go to a place that makes them on a daily basis.
As far as service goes, in all the times I've been there, only had bad service once. I'd call that pretty good odds.Good, clean diners are hard to find and Tiffany's seems to be an exception. I've only eaten breakfast here a few times and never had any complaints with quality or service. The menu is definitely extensive, but it doesn't seem like they specialize in any particular area. If you're in the neighborhood and are looking for a hot meal, Tiffany's is worth trying.The diner looked pretty great inside since I  have never been inside a diner before so I was just in awe staring outside the window and looking all around like a little kid. I really had a craving for waffles and maaaaan, the waffle was freaking huge and delicious. Definitely worth the 7 bucks although my friend ordered a side of mac&cheese and some soup that tasted super bland. He could only eat soft foods so it made him kind of disappointed that he had to finish it because he hadn't eaten all day. My other friend ordered some fries for herself and they turned out to be soggy and bland as well. Nonetheless, service was great and our server even cracked a joke which made us all laugh but the food was kinda too pricey for sides and the small portions and bland.Just your run of the mill neighborhood diner. Nothing special or unique about it. I've come here a few times for breakfast & dinner, when super hungry and/or it's too late to go anywhere else. Their baked goods sadly, are not good @ all. The place could use do-over in decor and menu. Overall just meh.Not the cleanliest place - the food here and my stomach simply did not agree. I ordered the eggplant parmigana and could barely finish a bite. The eggplant was barely breaded and very soggy (oil was literally dripping from it). The sauce lacked flavor, and my pasta was cold and stuck together. Nope, I didn't want it to-go, either.
Lots of old folks hang around here. Watching them spit their game on the young waitresses is pretty sad.... Awkward moments like these remind me of the old pedophile dude and Chris from Family Guy. Ah, I feel sorry for the girls.Went in for a late night breakfast. Coffee excellent, service great, home fries,the best ,very good bacon, Even the rye toast was more bakery like than store boughtStopped for some carrot cake and coffee.  Typical, great diner coffee.  Quick, friendly service.Though this is a NE Philly staple, and I (used to) go there often, I can't say that the Tiffany is a great place to eat. I'll start with the good; their matzo ball soup. Seriously it's the best thing on the menu, and I get it whenever I can. The rest of their menu is average diner fare and comes out, well, average. 
The bad is their fries. My god, even for a diner they're terrible. Also their desserts are not very appetizing, and I feel that every diner needs those great giant cakes to compliment the food. Too bad they all stink here!
I patronize them a lot despite the fact I'm not fond of their food. At the end of the day, they're just a slightly less than average diner.As far as diners go. This one unfortunately half short. The food is pretty bland. Service is usually quick. Unless they are super busy. Then expect to get ignored for a good while. Staff is always nice you. The place can definitely use a redo on the menu as well as the restaurant layout. Nothing special.For a meal available 24/7, this place is the best in Northeast Philly.  Personally, I prefer their dinner options to their breakfasts, but it is clean and generally good.The food was cold, go to four season down the road. Dissapointed slow services go else whereBest Rueben sandwich. Ask for it "closed" as they will serve it open. Best chocolate eclairs!!! Not too sweet...Yum!Great experience ! Loved our server, she was amazing with great tips and suggestions. That kind of service gets a good tip ^_^What ever you do,don't get the hot roast beef sandwich. It comes with a pound of weird orange gravy on top.Also the broccoli au gratin was like coagulated broccoli cheddar soup.The chopped steak looked like a piece of charcoal & was dry as a bone.The waitress was fineWent for breakfast/lunch with 15 people including a 2 yo. Everything came out at the same time, at the correct temperature, and was delicious. The waitress was terrific as was the rest of the staff. And oh, it didn't break the bank!I've eaten at Tiffany's twice and I can't say that I'll ever go back. The first visit was for lunch with a large group. I ordered the gyro which I did not like at all. The second visit was during breakfast and it was a bit lackluster too. I had a cheese omelette with dry toast. Both visits were a bit disappointing when it came to the food, but the service was good both times. I did notice their baked good behind the case towards the front of the restaurant. Everything looked really delicious. Perhaps I do have to visit at least one more time.Me and my boyfriend stopped in one rainy Sunday night to get desert from the bakery .We walked in it was extremely empty the host looked suprised when we told her we just wanted desert for takeout. We end up getting 3 slices of cheesecake 1 Strawberry 1 Cherry And one Chocolate cheesecake. Let me just say it was a pleasant surprise they were delicious ! I have yet to eat in but this small experience was a good oneThis is a good diner, I always enjoyed eating here, it's pretty basic though, nothing fancy about it, the food is average to me.Portions were huge, so I had lunch and then dinner for later.  Food was fine.  Not amazing just very standard, decent diner food fare.  Think it is fine for a quick breakfast or lunch meal.  The service was attentive and friendly.Love this place. Came here just about every other, if not everyday during the summer that just past. Great spot to have a bite around 1-2 in the morning. The food is fantastic here, service is lovely (the severs here are really people you can have a full blown conversation with that'd never end if they didn't have to attend to other tables), and the environment is very nice. This place being relatively near my house is a plus. I honestly can not think of anything that needs change or improvement; that'd end up being something i miss from this place.
After summer ended I haven't had a chance to return, but when I get the chance I will definitely come back.Terrible dinner tonight mostly due to very bad, indifferent service. The food was cold...every item...several errors in the order & server was nowhere to be seen. They weren't all that busy at 6 pm and there seemed to be enough servers. Ours dumped off the food & disappeared not to be seen again until she popped over to offer boxes. My friend's steak ordered medium was very well done. He took it home but would have liked a correct order had we been able to find her.
I'm pretty sure what she brought me was not what I ordered...Greek roast chicken. This was maybe roasted but had a cold tomatoey sauce that did nothing for the thick flabby skin. When she brought it to me I asked nicely if that was roasted chicken& she said yes. Maybe that is why she disappeared. I really hated it.
Stick to a sandwich or a cold salad if you go to Tiffany at lunch time when good servers are there during the week.I'm from a neighborhood near Tiffany, have been going there for years, and I'll say this--it's steady. Usually it's for breakfast and with family. It's decent, sturdy, predictable diner food, with the typical endless menu of the traditional diners. Good omelettes, bagel platters, etc. (Rarely have I gotten an entree and recall it as OK.) I don't recommend the pastrami. Some of the wait staff can be a little surly. The owners and bosses can be a lot surly. With the demise of the late, great, nearby Casino Deli, it's pretty much the only game in town -- for the Welsh & Blvd. part of town.Came in with a party of 5. Ordered food was having a good time until I realized the cup of water I asked for had mold along the edges of the cup. We showed the waitresses and asked for the manager. The manager refused to except that there was mold on the cup and when we asked him to look he said he never saw a cup and that they had no idea what we were talking about when they all clearly were discussing the moldy cup amongst each other. Will never come here again absolutely disgustingWhile the place may Look a little run down, the food is still good. The prices are reasonable and something for everyone. Try the grilled cinnamon bun with raisins and butter. It's an extraordinary treat worth savoring and big enough for two. The interior is clean, waitress service great and still after all these years a popular place to gather with family and friends for a decent meal.While seated in a booth by the parking lot we were given glasses of water and told our waitress would be right with us.  5 minutes later I noticed a woman walking towards the diner smoking and stood outside our window while finishing her smoke.  When she comes in the waitress who gave us the water points to us and tells the smoking woman we are her table.  Without washing her hands she approaches our table and takes our order.  Needless to say I'm sure she never washed her hands.   That ruined my meal and because of that ruined my partners meal.  It was shift change time and all but one out of approx ten waitresses were smoking before they entered work.  REALLY GROSS!  We won't be back.In and out in under 10 minutes, that's how long my patience lasted being ignored. With restaurant nearly empty and plenty of staff walking right past me without offering to seat me, I grabbed a menu and seated myself. Another 5 minutes of waiting, looking around, waving and not getting anyone, I walked out. 
I used to live around this place and frequented this place all the time - it was the hang out after late night partying or early morning cravings. Even at it's busiest it was never this bad... Wait staff just seemed oblivious to a waiting customer. I guess this was my last time.Used to be a regular place for me to eat.  The last few times there I found the quality had dropped.  Stick to regular dinner food.I like Tiffany Diner a lot. I haven't had a lot of their meals, but their breakfast is great. Their Challah French Toast likely cannot be beat. If you are there before 11 am the prices are good...their bacon though is consistently under cooked.They got 2 out of 3 orders wrong and gave us a lipstick stained coffee mug. Other than that, the food was great. Love the French toast. Bacon and sausage was really salty though but it might be me.Leaves a lot to be desired. Our waitress was great, checking up on us every few minutes but the food was extremely mediocre. The homefries were dry, bacon was flavorless, etc. The only good thing was the blueberry pancakes, they were great and filling.Pretty large diner in the North East. It's beautiful inside and clean. Can accommodate large groups at tables or In separate rooms if reserved. They also have a bakery section with cakes, canolis, and other treats. 
I've been coming here off and on for years but sadly it has slowly diminished in quality and I finally called it quits. I did however go to lunch there again upon suggestion of some friends. I had hoped things have changed for the better but sadly it's just the same ol, same ol. So here's my updated review. 
The menu is extensive, serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Like most diners, breakfast can be order anytime of day. And that's about all I'd recommend because any time I've had anything other than breakfast it has been disappointing. Today my wife and I had sandwiches, pastrami and turkey respectively, and it was very much blah. 
The service typically leaves much to be desired. Finding your waiter or waitress about refills or anything is typically a chore. 
It's sad for me to give such a low rating, especially since it's right in the neighborhood. I'd love to have a place so close to home be awesome instead of mediocre.I like this place, reasonable prices, quality food, generally friendly staff.  I do enjoy their french onion soup and breakfast platters.Mediocre place for average food.  The waiters are miserable, and often leave you alone.  We've been going here a long time, and nothing changes as far as attitude.  There are only a few good wait staff people there; the rest are stressed and miserable.  The food is ok, especially the salad which comes with dinner, and the dinner bread is fresh.  Their best dish is the stuffed peppers on Fridays.
Update: July 2016
Place was crowded, waitress had a group of 16 plus my table and another table, so we all waited a long time for any service.  This was more a management problem than of the waitress.  Bread was stale but rest of food was so-so.  Way too many old people here to be an enjoyable atmosphere.  My companions food was not good, our order to go of breakfast was oily and below average.  The waffle sundae was bland.  The average for this place is mediocre food most of the time.
Update: August 2016
We went back for dinner and the place was not crowded.  There were wait staff hanging around, talking to customer...not a problem.  After we were seated, out female waitress handed up water like she was in a coma. We waited 15 minutes for her to come back for our order and she never returned.  She was doing other things for other patrons.  We ended up leaving and will not be returning.  
I knocked this down to one star for their horrible service and wait staff.  Their staff is mostly made up of slugs and depressed people.  The busboys have more umph than anyone else.Disgusting!  
First the place needs a good wipe down inside and out. 
Servers seem bitter - whole time I was eating I heard one server talking ish on another, mind you these were grown woman - come on.  
Finally the food. We had breakfast. Ordered eggs one way received them another way. Why ask how I want my eggs if you are going to fry them entirely too long. I wanted over light not over hard. Pancakes were mush. They were too doughy like. I felt ripped off because the breakfast sucked so bad. If a dinner cannot execute breakfast properly then you need to just run because seriously who can't cook eggs or pancakes....Tiffany's can't.The food was ok, some servers on the weekends, are  rude and not professional, it don't matter how much tips you leave for them. They're miserable.The food is usually good, but management and many wait staff can't be bothered with customer service. I once waited at my table for 25 minutes but no one came to take my order. Most recently I walked in for breakfast. There was no host or hostess, as there usually is, but I saw other patrons walk in and seat themselves. I did the same, but unlike the other customers no one came to take my order. Instead, the owner and a bunch of staff were trash-talking other employees - loudly and publicly.  
I don't know what the problem is, but I have seen my last of Tiffany's Diner.We go there every year my grand mom likes it we all hate it. She likes this one waitress Mory I think her name is I'm sorry but she is the worst waitress ever I have no idea why my grand mom likes her so much as she is always kinda mean to her. This last visit it was a little crowded not bad she had 3 tables I counted and was throwing plates acting like it was over crowded. Then we asked her for drinks for 30 minutes without getting any. I had to walk out the resturaunt to the gas station across the parking lot. I bought 4 drinks for us all we sat there with cans and bottles of soda. I never in my life had to go buy drinks somewhere else at a diner. Was a first for me. Then my grand mom finally said she's never coming back we all were so happy until at the end the waitress said here lemme give you a free desert for your trouble to my grand mom. To save herself it worked I even said it comes with your meal and she's acting like she's doing you a favor after she got it. I'm refusing to go back there.Best French Toast in Philly. 
It's the only diner that makes their own bread. The slices are big as FK and Fluffy. 
You gotta try it. 
This might be my favorite Diner in Philly. 
You see I review a lot of Diners. 
That one on 52nd and Market is tough to beat though. 
It's hard to find a diner that does Great Omelets, French toast and Hash browns.
I'm particular. I like Dry hash Browns. 
That means cooked to order and not sitting in a Vat of grease!
TD hash browns are ok. I've had better. 
TD has all the cheese you can ask for. 
I hate when I go to a diner and all they have is American cheese. That shit is disgusting. 
The buffalo wings are huge!
Burgers fkn top notch. 
Meatloaf is ...ok. 
They have ok Cheesecake. 
I hear The Aramingo diner has the best cheesecake in Philly but whenever I go there it's filled with Thugs from and hooligans.
Im not eating with Scumbags. 
Tiffany's always has nice patrons. 
Cons: It can get packed around 4pm.I honestly don't get the bad reviews on here. Every time I have gotten a meal from Tiffany's I really enjoyed it. The service has always been excellent, and the restaurant as a whole seems well run, and very clean. I have ordered everything from Chicken Franchaise, to Lox, and a bagel, and every time the meal has either met or exceeded my expectations. I am not one of these people that eats food out of cans or packets either. I love food, I enjoy cooking, and Tiffany's always delivers a product as good as I can make at home. I would recommend this diner to anyone.Terrible service!! Just went out with the family for breakfast today and was served glasses of water with debris still floating in the water. Then we were served our platters without our toast and the waitress even forgot my girlfriend's glass of orange juice for the duration of our meal. We tried to wait to eat our breakfast until we got our toast but really couldn't so we had to eat our meals cold. To top it off, we were also charged a side of cream cheese that we never received. Very poor service. I'm even more disappointed with the management though. I've been a restaurant manager for well over a decade and the manager on duty never came to talk to us to see how we were doing. I will never come back to this establishment.I sent this letter to the owner over 2 weeks ago and never received a response. This tells me how little the owner cares about customers and how their poor treatment is condoned at the highest level:
Dear Michael,
My family and I have been regular customers at your location at Tiffany's, at 9010 Roosevelt Blvd, for many years, which is in my neighborhood. On Friday, November 2 at 5:45 PM, my wife and I arrived for dinner. My wife's meal arrived, as ordered; however, I received a Turkey dinner with sauce instead of my actual order of Roasted Chicken. Since I had an upset stomach, I could not eat this meal with sauce. The waitress said she would be back shortly with the correct order. As my wife was finishing up eating and I had not received my meal, I requested to speak to the manager. The manager did not come, despite 3 requests over  1/2 hour time. I finally cancelled the order, as I was too upset to eat. Five minutes later, finally the manager arrives with the roasted chicken, which I had already cancelled. The manager did not say a single word to me-no explanation, no apology. The manager then went over to the waitress and reduced her to tears. I felt this was inappropriate, as I believe the problem was with the Kitchen and not her; especially, since I saw that the next table had complained about their Roasted Chicken dinner being raw inside. I know that any place can have a problem, but I judge you on how you handle the problem. Ignoring the customer with a problem and publicly berating staff is not a professional way to handle problems. As a side note, this is not the first time there have been problems with this specific manager. My aunt and Uncle had taken the family out (approx.. 20 people) to dinner on September 26 to break the fast for Yom Kippur. The service was very poor and we were there for 2 hours, which is a long time to wait when you have been fasting. The same manager was there at that time and did nothing to address the problems at that meal.Please don't waste your time. I walked in and the owner or manager was toothpicking his teeth in the mirror behind the counter. I should have walked out but I was hungry and needed coffee.
How can you mess up a toasted bagel and French fries?? I don't know but they did. The bagel tasted old and stale. The fries were reprocessed yuck.  The coffee was ok.
Oh, and they have NO PEANUT BUTTER!!! You are a diner right???Well came in to eat service sucks ass food is ok and found plastic in my wings and this is my first and last time hereQuick service, good food, stuffed gut...French Toast, cheese eggs, turkey bacon, open 24hrs, easy to get to, inebriated, French Connection.What can you say about this place other than good diner food? That's about it. They do diner food well. I mostly get breakfast and it's mostly pretty good. I prefer the french toast. It's good enough to keep me coming back at least twice a month. Service runs the gamut from downright charming to doesn't really want to be bothered, but I don't have too many complaints about the wait staff. 
You could do a lot worse in a diner. Ok, that's not exactly an endorsement. Tiffany's is a pretty good place to get a meal.Rather nondescript diner across from Netcost on Roosevelt Blvd. Had it not been for a few cars in the lot, I'd have not known it was open.
Stopped in for breakfast with a friend. Seated quickly, waitress was timely. Coffee was okay, breakfast special was cheap. Two eggs, and a glad substitution of tomatoes for the home fries. Rye toast was okay.
Nothing special and a bit run down looking on the outside. Inside was okay, nothing special. 
Good place to go if you're waiting for Netcost to open at 9.This was an okay place to eat, in the past weeks it has gone way down. I was a regular there. The food has been consistently eh to okay. nothing special about.  
I loved the cheesecake, but over the past two weeks the same exact has been sitting on the display case, to the point where I noticed the fruit on top had begun to rot so I asked for a fresh one. The old nasty smelling woman with a thick accent who was there was highly argumentative about it being fresh, GARBAGE ON A CHEESECAKE IS STILL GARBAGE ON A CHEESECAKE NO MATTER HOW LOUD AND IGNORANTLY SHE TRIED TO TALK OVER ME. And the Manager on duty did nothing about it.  Anyway a second one was brought out. The Fruit was all DRIED UP AND ROTTING AS WELL WITH THE ADDED BONUS OF THIS QUARTER SIZED GREEN/GREY/WHITE FUZZY MOLDY THING ON IT.  AND SHE STILL INSISTED IT WAS FRESH
I will not be going back, because if they are serving ROTTEN food to people that is a huge problem
The next day we both woke up with many of the symptoms FOOD POISONING.
THE PICTURES ARE HIGHLY DECEPTIVE OF WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT.
I asked for a called from the owner to express my concerns, I suspect the manager
selectively lost my informationAverage place for a standard diner breakfast but the lunch and dinner options are not well prepared. I have been here 5 times for dinner and have gotten food poisoning everytime. Service is alrightUsed to come here a lot as a teenager. Decided to give a try with the family. A bit more expensive then I remember, but the food and service was excellent. Will definitely be going back.Such a shame I have to give this diner only one star but it's what the truly deserve. Came in around 8:30 on a Monday, sat and waited at my table until 9:05 until I had to leave. All of the working staff stood by the monitors and completely ignored my table. The place was not busy at all- in fact it was dead. Had to bring my menus up and drop them off to the hostess, I didn't even get a water during my time here.The food was good, we had the omelet with homefries, big servings. I don't normally give more than 3 stars unless the food was amazing but I'll give it 4 casue our waiter, I think her name was Jennea.  She was amazing... I would definitely go backI just love Tiffany, the management, the service is fast and friendly, and since i have been going there often lately, i have got to see the owner, who i have to mention a gentleman and very welcomed!!!
Food, prices, service, it makes it a pleasure going there!!
Oh the bakery, the cheesecake, the cookies,just the best!!!  You got to try this place!!!The owner is a scumbag all of them , they treat their employees like crap, I worked there and quite frankly I'm happy I'm gone , I hate all of them but the employees for the most part are good , I say they have some good food and their cooks are pretty good as well. For the most part I love the hostesses but other r than that if I could give less than 1 star I would and that's sad coming from a former employeeI would have never expected to give a diner four stars, or to want to share my diner experience with other people,  but the one experience I've had here, I was really impressed.
I went here for lunch and got the tuscan chicken panini. The food that came out was delicious. The panini didn't come with your typical panini bread, I swear it was some sort of pita bread that had been put into a panini press. It was soft and flavorful and surprisingly delightful. It was stuffed with chicken, roasted red peppers (yum!), mushrooms, and cheese. The proportions were perfect and I gobbled up the whole thing. The sandwich came with fries and a pickle, and I have to say that I really am not a french fry fan. I tend to be of the mindset of: if you have to put ketchup on it to eat it, it's not good. Well, I didn't need ketchup for these fries. They were cooked to perfection.
Moving on... the staff at this place is your typical diner staff - lots of older women who really go out of their way to "take care" of you and make sure you've got what you need. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive, and I couldn't have asked for better service.
I can't write a review without mentioning their desserts. Whatever you want, they're bound to have it. Cheesecakes, pies, specialty cakes, eclaires, cookies, the list goes on.
Definitely check this place out for lunch. I would imagine their breakfast would be equally as satisfying, though!I guess you can say this all depends on the waitress.
The food is aight. It's more of a "hungry.... food....what's open late?" type of place. I had a rude and rushed waitress once. I was greeted very blandly once. But the other times, it's been A-OK. I can honestly say that this is not one of the best food locations in the Northeast Greater Philadelphia.
Curly fries are on point though and everything else- desserts are usually cheap like cakes are $3 but it's not really worth it. I say a Wawa run is greater than Tiffany's.I used to be a server here. I've eaten as a patron and server, every time except late night. I can't vouch for the late night cooks, so this is about breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Breakfast and lunch waitstaff, nice sweet old ladies, mixed with some nice sweet young ladies. A lot of the girls have worked here forever. Dinner waitstaff, maybe not quite as sweet, but a lot of good, professional girls who treat their customers well. Customers are number one here, among staff and management. They truly appreciate your business, and if you have any complaint, will be on it asap.
Tiffany's is part of what's wrong with America- everything is super sized! They give you so much for what you pay for. The omelets are huge with a mound of home fries. The dinner specials you'll be hard-pressed to finish.
The food here is delicious. If it is not, send it back. Everyone makes mistakes, so don't judge the place without giving them a chance to redeem themselves. This is the only place in this review I will be purposefully subjective- the cooks do not slop your food together. They care about the taste and presentation, and yes, it's a diner I know, but they really do take pride in their work. One breakfast/lunch cook in particular- when he makes you eggs, you can taste the love in the eggs. It sounds super corny, but it's true. (If you've ever worked in a kitchen, you know the bad relationship amonst cooks and servers, so being a server saying this, it has a lot of weight to it...)
They have all of your diner standards on the enormous menu, plus plus plus. The diner is in a predominantly Jewish area and is owned by a Greek family (that owns many NE Philly restaurants), so all year the menu is well-stocked with Jewish and Greek specialties. Oh man, the baklava and the moussaka!
Go hungry.I love me some good ol' diner food!  With that, I'll usually come here once in a while with my grandparents for the early bird special. WHAT!? you say! 3 - 5pm for dinner? Yes, that's right. There is an older crowd that frequents this place, so the early bird special is accommodating to that. The menu is huge and the portions are pretty big, but the service and food are really hit or miss. The decor is typical of a diner with mostly booth seating and some tables. The challah is amazing and always comes to the table so soft and warm! The selection of Jewish pastries is nice too, and you can never go wrong with these desserts.Went there the other day and I had one of the worst experience I ever had in a restaurant. Our food took a hour to get and then once we received it, it was cold.  Called over the manager the only thing he could say to us was "ok". Didn't try to resolve the problem or our concerns and then he wanted to charge us full price - awful food and lousy manager (nick was the manager)- my recommendation go to another place where at least the manager cares about his customers. My recommendation to Tiffany's - fire that manager.Tiffany is yummy and good for when we don't feel like going down the boulevard to 4 seasons. Their food is always fresh and delish their service can be great or sub-par but my 10% discount with my gym membership is an added bonus as well. Their pastries and bakery is yummy as well! The only thing is I wish they sold oatmeal all day and the cups should be bigger.I've been to this place exactly three times in a last year. Every time giving it a benefit of the doubt. And because it's open late, and it's right around the corner from my house. But I had enough of wasting my money. The only thing I can order and enjoy is a bottle of beer. I've tried their salads, soups, pastas, sandwiches, fried chicken, calamari...nothing is eatable. The only thing I didn't understand was why every time I passed by this place there were always a bunch of people inside. My husband open my eyes by saying "these are all elderly people, who've been going to that place for years and who unfortunately lost their sense of taste". No disrespect!Meeting friends again for an impromptu lunch.   Having a cheese omelet sausage a whole lot of coffee. This is the place if you're looking for consistent good food fair prices everyone normally friendly and attentive.I wish giving negative stars was an option....I was at Tiffany's around 2am this past Saturday night/Sunday morning. Our waitress was so incredibly disgusting that I couldn't tell you how the food tasted, because I refused to eat it! I don't know if she was on meth or crack, but I will NEVER go there again, which is a shame because I go their for lunch with my G-Mom...I guess that tradition has come to an end!Going here for over 2 decades. Food is decent, soup is good, bread is usually fresh. Not many veggie options here and the waitresses can be uptight sometimes but not bad.I had ordered 2 scrambled eggs and sausage breakfast combo. The entire platter was barely warm when it arrived, the eggs were hardly scrambled, and the home fries were bland and unevenly cooked - would have been more satisfied with a baked potato. 
The service was bad too. I went in with a group of 6 and they tried to squeeze us into a table for 4. When we asked to add another table, they refused and insisted to add a smaller table that was half the size of a regular table. They messed up one of our orders and charged us for extra food that we did not receive. 
Highly unlikely that I'll be back - I think Denny's would serve me better.Met a friend here for brunch. The food was ok- I had chocolate chip pancakes and sausages, which were way too pily for my liking. The coffee wasn't too bad. The staff seemed pretty stressed out but our waitress was still really nice.I do frequent this Diner often. Most of the staff is pleasant. Food is usually spot on but sometimes when I ask for lightly cook home fries- they are not lightly cooked. When I request fried onions I would really like it if they actually fried it with the home fries or the cheese steak and not just slapped on top. The toast and or bagels are almost always ice cold and or burnt. Why would you serve a customer a burnt bagel? I mean come on! The fountain soda machines by the counter seating tastes soapy. I never get soda unless we sit in the other dining area.Although I am not born and bred in Philadelphia, I know a good chicken cheese steak when I taste one.
My wife and I met with 5 other couples last night at the Tiffany diner and I decided to order a dish that I thought this local restaurant couldn't 'screw-up'. 
Well they did!
The chicken was dry and the cheese was tasteless. Also, the cook covered this poor-excuse-for-a-cheesesteak with way too much salt. I left half the sandwich on the plate and almost all the fries.
The fries were inedible, but at least the coleslaw was great (obviously were not made on premises). 
And, by the way, no one else at the table was very enthusiastic about their meals.
Tiffany may be synonymous with fine jewelry, but in Philadelphia it is not synonymous with cheese steaks.I got the chocolate chip pancakes with sausage. It was pretty good but nothing special. It's a typical diner with plenty of space and has a cool bar. The cakes looked tasty. Like I said it's a typical diner with basic diner food.I've been coming to this place for years. The food is OK it used to be a lot better I feel that it changes often, taste wise. The waitresses also changed quite often it's always a new face every time I go in. The owner is always present but he's not very kind to the staff and I've witnessed that multiple times. I love to support local businesses even if the food was five-star the way that you treat your staff is very important that's probably why the waitresses always leave. The food however is OK it's just what you would expect from a neighborhood diner. The desserts are also all right the best thing they have is the biscotti but all of the other mousses and pies always tend to be dried out and old. There buffalo wings however are very delicious. Breakfast is also really good. This place gets very packed on the weekends night and Saturday/Sundays for breakfast.It's a diner, nothing fancy, exactly what you picture a diner to be. My parents have been coming here for years and I remember coming here as a kid, and I'm pretty sure the exact same patronage comes back. Very much an older crowd. 
FOOD
The food here is decent diner food. The menu is huge so their are a lot of options to choose from, and lots of specials. The quality of the food is decent to good. My most recent visit here I got a London Broil Dinner special which came with 2 two sides and a soup. The French Onion Soup I had was actually really great, the soup was extremely flavorful and the cheese was perfectly crispy. The mashed potatoes were just standard, and the baked potato was standard as well. London Broil had good flavor, but was cut into small strips. 
SERVICE
Eh, not too good the last time I was at Tiffany's. We got seated right away, but it took a while for our waiter to come over, take our order, and for our food to come out. Our waiter didn't refill our waters too often, and you could tell he was stressed out. He was a pretty nice guy, so maybe we just caught him on a bad day. 
ATMOSPHERE
Look, the place has been here for a long time, and it's a diner, so it's not in the best shape. It's really big here, probably because back in the day the place was packed. We sat by the booth, and the vent on the side looked like it had trash stuff in it from years ago. The place could use a bit of an update to say the least. On the other hand, it kind of gives that "back in the day feel" which I really like if I am going to a diner. If you're looking for a hip and trendy place, Tiffany's is the antithesis of that, but if you want to feel like your back to your childhood years with your parents or grandparents it's a great place for that.
PRICE
Very cheap at Tiffany's. You can get an entire dinner meal for around $12, and the portion sizes are worth it.
I'd come back to Tiffany's for sure. With a menu that big, I'd be able to find anything I was in the mood for, and for a price as cheap as it is, it really is a great deal.It is a great diner to get breakfast. Service was fast and friendly and they had creme chipped beef which many places do not. I've never been there in the evening when they serve drinks so I don't know what that is like.Food was fine. Prices were fine. Service was a joke.Typical diner food. Nothing fancy but hits the spot. I've been coming here for years, mostly after a night out. It's a good location and the parking lot is pretty big. The inside is huge also and I don't recall ever waiting to be seated.Let me just say Tiffany's food is good but every time I come their service gets worse. Well today we had a waitress that had to be high off her ass. There's 3 of us who went to breakfast. Orders go as follow; Pancakes with an order of scrambled glens with cheese and turkey sausage, next person orders and order of French toast with with scrambled eggs with cheese home fries and turkey sausage, and next person says I want the same as her except no french toast. She says okay and leaves. Order comes out she places it on the table with everything including the extra order of french toast. She walks away before we can say anything. She missed a placement of silverware. We ask a passing waitress for silverware. Original waitress come to check on our table we let her know about the french toast she says okay and walks away. Comes back again with the check sees the french toast untouched says would you like a to go box you guys could have ordered one order and shared. At this point I'm convinced she's on drugs. We've already told her we ordered one order! She just sad oh okay. Still comes out with a to go container. At this point my boyfriend just gives up and takes the french toast. We will never return this is not the first time we have had bad service.My wife and I went to lunch on Saturday. The food was good the service left something to be desired. Our waitress didn't listen to us or seem to have time for us. Now whether she was on a long, bad shift, we were her customers at the time. She literally hovered over us as we filled out our bill. It felt wrong to left zero tip, but I felt justified at the time.