I swear by Tiffany's Bakery and go there for party cakes whenever I'm the dessert bringer for family events. The staff is really nice and they provide great customer service. Not only that, but their prices are excellent for the quality of their items. No matter how busy they've been when I've been there, the staff members are consistently pleasant and helpful to each customer in line.
The Chocolate Truffle Cake will knock your socks off and the Tres Leches cake is heavenly. 
Thanks for the great work, Tiffany's!Absolutely outstanding.  Ordered a photo birthday cake that everyone loved.  Very well made, delicious and ready when promised.  The on-line ordering process made it simple.  I will definitely be using them again.The bakery I go to and recommend for every event. Delicious and beautiful. Frank really knows how to take care of his patrons. This time he really hit it out of the park. Thank you!Ordered yesterday for my son's birthday today! It was super easy to place the order online. He's at the university in Philadelphia and they delivered it just outside his dorm! The handwritten note was extra special! The cookie cake was enjoyed by all his suite mates! Thank you!!!!Im eating a piece of their strawberry shortcake as I'm typing this.. it is delicious! But I can use more strawberry filling. Overall it's definitely worth another shot!Attended a family & friends birthday Saturday.  They had a theme party....SING , the children's movie. You wouldn't believe the AWESOME cake designed like the SING stage filled with butter creme & Nutella icing WOW.  This bakery is heads above the rest.  Delicioso & fun too.My family has been getting cakes from here since the 80's back before they even moved to the larger space. They used to be where Aldo (Outlet?) is now. When I was a kid I would come in with my mom and get a Cookie Monster (or Oscar the Grouch) cupcake and Cookie Monster would be eating a real cookie or Oscar's lid would be a cookie. Fond memories!
Somewhere along the line I just got sick of Tiffany's. They switched up the icing 10 or so years ago and it hasn't been the same since. It tastes more oily than sugary. The cakes have a bright sheen to them. That's always a red flag for me. Nowadays I say the cakes are okay. It's time for me to move on though. The last thing I got from here was a birthday cake... chocolate on marble. The cake itself was great, but the icing was TOO THICK! And there are better cupcake options around now too. So much for that...
The sticky buns are pretty good though. I get them rarely because I don't go to the Gallery much. The apple danishes are TART LIKE MOFO! They should call them sour apple danishes.
Ok, here's the best part... CASH ONLY! What!? If they can work the scanner for photo cakes, they can work an EFT too. Get with it!
[12.24.11 CORRECTION] The cakes that I called "more oily than sugary" are the ones they use for single slices. Those have a "sheen" not the made to order birthday cakes. With the cake we got last month for a birthday in the family I noticed that it was shorter overall... same width, but shorter inside with more icing between. Is it me?OMG what an amazing carrot cake!! I never bother to write these reviews but I was so impressed with the quality of this cake for our birthday party that I had to do it! By far the best carrot cake with cream cheese frosting that I've had! We also had cupcakes and I was told those were amazing too! Go Tiffany!Not the best but worth the price.
 I come here for red velvet cupcakes because they're cheap and decent. For about three bucks you can purchase a Magnolia Bakery sized red velvet cupcake. I must admit, though the cake is not up to par, the icing sure is. 
  This is just a bakery with decent cupcakes at a cheap price.This place gets super crowded during the lunch rush so be prepared to take a number.  I have had several of their little treats and they are yummy.  Some of my favorite have been the mini cannolis and the mini carrot cake.  They have a pretty good selection of different sweets from cakes, cupcakes, cookies and more.  Everything I have had has been pretty tasty.  I love coming back here.The best carrot cake pops I've ever tasted ! I definitely recommend it to try. So so delicious !I popped in here yesterday for the first time and got an eclair and a slice of chocolate/cherry cake. I actually didn't realize that the cake had cherries until I got home...but the cake was only mediocre, not rich enough for me. The eclair was pretty good, but I have had better.
I'm such a snob with my sweets...this is ok in  pinch, but if I'm in that area and want pastries I'd rather get something from Terminis in Reading Terminal.I've tried cake from Tiffany's Bakery before and thought it was good. But I ordered 3 1/2 dozen cupcakes for a birthday party this past weekend. Honestly, the reason I chose Tiffany's is because they were the only place I was able to order from online for delivery and choose which cupcakes I wanted at an affordable price. The cupcakes were promptly delivered to the venue and they looked awesome. Thankfully, they tasted awesome too! Everyone was raving. I'll definitely use Tiffany's again -- particularly for the cupcakes!This bakery is the best thing about The Gallery. The large chocolate chip/chunk cookies are soft and gooey, the brownies have a to-die-for icing, and they have tons of other beautiful and yummy desserts.This place is incredible and their cannolis are out of this world. Highly suggested if you're craving something sweet and not too pricey!I have try alot of strawberry shortcake in other bakeries  but this place was the best one I have ever taste! Fast and good service.The strawberry shortcakes are the best in the area like what other reviewers have said! I also love their fruit tarts! The mini ones have chocolates on the bottle and they taste phenomenal!Located in the Gallery mall, are a slew of signs to assure customers that Tiffany's is indeed open despite the construction and renovation. You'll just have to access it through the Station or Septa blue line routes to get to it.
This bakery has the best icing, cremes, and custards. Their cream puffs and eclairs are a staple, as well as their strawberry shortcake! Their fudge icing brownies are thick and delicious as well, but not tough.
Come to think of it, I can't think of anything I would not recommend here. They always have fresh and moist cakes! The strawberries and fruits they use go bad faster in the warm weather, so refrigeration is a must.I love the strawberry shortcake at Tiffany's.  It's always amazing.  I am just slightly annoyed now they don't let you order over the phone.  You have to go and buy the cake in person and wait for them to do the writing, instead of just being able to pick it up so you're in and out quickly.I ordered an engagement cake at Tiffany's in 2015 and a baby shower cake in 2018. I was impressed both times. Great customer service and such a great tasting product. Highly recommend.If you work at a nearby Philly hospital there's a 90% chance you've had a cake from Tiffany's Bakery. It's at the Jefferson train station/lower level of the Gallery-- convenient to order online and pick up the next morning on your way to work! 
Since I live in the city, I never have ACTUALLY been to this bakery until two days ago when I ordered some custom photo cupcakes for a friendworker. They were ready when they were supposed to, they looked GREAT and they tasted great! We had chocolateonchocolateoncholate all day. And the cake was moist. The buttercream wasn't overly sweet. Got the mini red velvet cupcakes (90 cents each) and was super happy with them too. While I was there they were making one of those shortcakes with fresh strawberries on them for another customer and it looked fab! The hilarious part of it were the women who were waiting for this cake-- they were standing at the counter eating ANOTHER cake while they were waiting. How great is it to be an adult?!
I would say the only weird thing is that the prices aren't displayed anywhere obvious. But it was like they knew we'd pay whatever they said. THEY KNEW.I pass this bakery on a near daily basis during my work travels.  However, I did not even think to use it as my wedding cake provider until my dad (who lives nearly 2 hours away) located it online and made the suggestion.  Both he and I spoke with very knowledgeable staff every step of the way.  They were extremely friendly and the quality of cake (both visually and taste-wise) was INCREDIBLE.  I would suggest Tiffany's to any bride to be in the Philadelphia area!Tiffany's is an alright spot. We enjoyed what we got, but nothing knocked our socks off. In my opinion, it's a generic bakery that gets it right, but doesn't hit a homerun.
But for what it's worth, if you have a sweet tooth and want some cake or a cupcake, you won't go wrong here. Their stuff tastes good.
We got quite the assortment. Some chocolate ganache that was okay. Same with the Strawberry Shortcake. The cannolis are good as well. Really, nothing was bad.Red velvet cupcake was so, so good. I usually just eat the icing and throw away the cake but not today! 
Cream cheese icing, too. 
I agree with a previous post- it is a pain to navigate when it's crowded but they care about presentation AND packaging as to not muff up the pretty icing job. 
BOOM!There are very few Philadelphia bakeries which come near the quality of Tiffany's at Jefferson Station.  EVERYTHING is superbly made and quite the nonpareil of baking, but of especial impoort are the eclairs, both large and small.  Puffs of air with true baker's creme and incredibly dark chocolate tops; the muffins are truly worth the trip (I judge by the corn muffin, something most people dismiss as inconsequential but which really shows the amount of baking skills present... If they put THAT much effort into a plain corn muffin, well...) and the cakes, if they survive the train trip home, will wow the audience to silence.  Alltogether a worthwhile experience and one whose prices will delight you as well.Cupcakes and shortcakes and cheesecakes Oh My!
You really can't go wrong at Tiffany's bakery. I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered here. For years, I have been getting my daughters' birthday cakes from Tiffany's and she will have no other. The most important thing its that everything is fresh and reasonably priced.
Tiffany's has a plethora of delicious baked goods guaranteed to make you forget all about your diet upon first sight. The red velvet cake is red velvety goodness topped with an amazing creamed cheese frosting. They also have a strawberry shortcake that is to die for. Cookies, tarts, cupcakes that look like sesame street characters and so much more. 
Like I said, the prices are reasonable. The employees are courteous and helpful. You can pre-order a special occasion cake or just go and pick up an already made cake. They bake on premises every day. 
Definitely go here to satisfy your sweet tooth....Their strawberry shortcake is nothing special. It is similar to the one you bought from shoprite....too much icing.Before our trip back to VA, we stopped by and got sticky buns, cupcakes, danishes, and chocolate eclairs. Everything was delicious. The chocolate eclairs were the best I've had in a long time and the cheese Danish was light. The icing is perfect and not overly sweet. I'll definitely make a point to visit every time I'm in Philly.The store was clean, the display case was well lit and well stocked, the staff were friendly and helpful. The cupcakes are delicious! My personal favorites are the red velvet and the carrot cake cupcakes...both are absoultly amazing and for the size they are priced fairly. In fact with the size of their cupcakes you could even cut them in half and share with a friend, my best friend and I have done that a few times when we want something sweet but not too much. Great place to drop by to pick something up if you need to satisfy your sweet tooth!Surprisingly good coffee for a vendor within market east. The staff is always friendly and happy to help with my particular requests. I don't tend to indulge in baked goods in the morning but I received a free cake pop with my coffee during the papal visit and it was v.good -- rich cake coated with silky chocolate . Not a bad place to grab a tray of donuts or cupcakes for colleagues en route! My one criticism would be the paper cups in which they serve their ice coffee... They become too papery after an hour or so... Might be a ME problem since I take forever to finish the thing .The best strawberry shortcake in the world. Everyone in my family ate it and agreed it delicious.I had a cake that someone bought for a co-worker.  The cake was dense, which I prefer over fluffy and crumbly.  The frosting was thick and sweet, but not sugary.  Everyone seemed to enjoy it.  The decorations were classic.  Not fancy, but well-done.I went to Tiffany's to pick up a birthday cake for one of my co-workers. I had no idea that the bakery is more of stand in the basement food court of the Galleria, and it was kind of a pain to navigate through tons of people trying to get lunch.
The bakery itself is decent. I ordered a 9 inch red velvet cake for around $27. They give you a receipt number to use when you pick it up and they write whatever you want on it when you get there. The other desserts in the case looked just o.k. The cookies looked like the ones you slice and bake at home and the cheesecake looked very processed. The two best things there are the individual strawberry shortcakes and the red velvet cupcakes, both which I've tried.
The large red velvet cake was pretty, very standard bakery type design with cream cheese frosting, cake crumbs on the outside, and buttercream flowers. The frosting/flowers was very rich, but the cake itself was light so it wasn't too heavy overall. Everyone loved it. You don't need huge slices, so we had plenty of leftovers even with 13 people. I would suggest getting the 8 inch.
I prefer Brown Betty, but their cakes are $35-$45 and this works fine for an office function.Tiffany's Bakery is one of the very few reasons why I even consider stepping foot into The Gallery.
I usually order their Strawberry Shortcake. I have tried all three varieties, but my favorite is their Neapolitan Strawberry Shortcake. I love the filling because it's made with fresh strawberries. Also, the frosting is light and fluffy, and not too sweet. It is priced between $26-28, depending on the size. The single-serve slices are about $4.
They also have Peach Shortcake. It is obvious the peaches are canned and not fresh. It could be one of the reasons why I'm reluctant to try it.
Other items that I've tried are their regular (non-fruit) cake, plain cheesecake, and strawberry cupcake.
Cake- The frosting was too sweet. I thought they would've used the same frosting as for their Shortcakes, but apparently not.
Cheesecake- It's OKAY.
Cupcake- It was good, but it didn't hold well together once I took a bite into it. Crumbs started falling and the cake itself was breaking apart. It's priced at $3.Their strawberry shortcake is absolute heaven.  If I am ever nearby the bakery, there is no stopping me, I HAVE to get a piece.  Despite the tiny space and large crowds that Tiffany's brings in, I've never had a bad experience.  The staff is friendly and the prices are very reasonable.Their Strawberry Shortcake is to die for. For the past 5 years that's all I've ever wanted for my birthday. What could be better than the traditional strawberry shortcake? How about the Neapolitan Strawberry Shortcake it's everything a foodie could dream of. If I'm not getting cake I'll grab a few danishes and cannolis. I tried their pies and let's just say i haven't purchased one again. Cakes, cookies, danish, cannolis is what they do best. The staff is always friendly.....Whenever I'm in my home away from home I must stop at this place to get a slice of Strawberry Shortcake. When I was in undergrad in the area I would get an entire strawberry shortcake for my birthday. This truly is my favorite dessert in the world. I'll be honest and say that although I've probably been to this bakery around 100 times, I have never had anything from their except for the strawberry shortcake. It is THAT good!!!Got a slice of strawberry shortcake. Icing= yummy and light, filling= perfectly sweet, and cake= light and tasty. 
My issue, the ratios of icing to cake to filling isn't right. More filling is needed, too much icing, the cake got boring after the delightful filling took a trip to my belly. 
I would try more treats though.I bought an Oreo chocolate cake here for my dad's birthday since the bakery near the train station was closed.  The cake was so dry and the icing was sweet.Truly awesome. Had a red velvet cake made for my husband's birthday. The cake was amazingly light and delicious, delivery was right on time. Ordered online. Overall a fantastic experience. Definitely ordering from here again!!!I went here based on Rashad's recommendation when I was in Philly. He swore by the strawberry shortcake, so I had to get it and I'm so glad I did. It was delicious! The frosting/cream was sweet but not overly sweet. The cake was the best strawberry shortcake I've ever had. 
I took a star off because it's inside the mall. It took me a while to find the location. It's actually on the first floor of the mall.Tiffany's Bakery has some good cup cakes prices not to bad at all.I stop their for some cup cakes sometimes very good cup cakes and is always fresh when i get them.It's in the Gallery, is there really anything else you need to know or can't correctly assume on that fact alone?
Went there early in the day, about 2pm or so, and everything already looked stale. Against my better judgment I purchased an Ice Cream cake and two smaller cupcakes. Even though they didn't even look edible, I was in a bind time wise, so I had to. Not shockingly, the ice cream cake tasted exactly like it looked....like Styrofoam and cardboard combined. The cupcakes...I think I blocked that taste out. 
The staff were par for the course in mall employees, can't fault them for that. The prices were decent, but when the product you're pushing is so meh, you'd better not charge a lot. 
There are dozens of bakeries surrounding this place with higher quality and comparable prices. Venture out a little and get something better.Forget what anyone else says     Forget any other bakery when it comes to Strawberry Shortcake      Tiffany's Bakery makes a S S C that is spectacular and delicious and without peer    Try it   GuaranteedGood place to grab something to satisfy your sweet tooth. The location is convenient to SEPTA patrons. I like their strawberry shortcake and carrot cake best. Cannolis are a little dry and I didn't like the way the filling tasted. I probably would not get those again. Prices are decent. I'll be back to try something new soon.German chocolate brownie is really good. Very fresh and moist. I'd come back again next time I'm in phillyWhen desserts are TOO fancy and decorated with stupid flowers it doesnt look appetizing to me. Simple and edible decors please!
I hate those sugary icings but at Tiffany's they used a whipped cream like icing on cakes.
Tiffany's is famous for their Strawberry shortcake by the slice($4). 
I dont like preservatives, and these taste fresh. Whole strawberries, fresh tasting jam, 2 layers of cake topped with whipped cream icing!
I wouldnt take my date here but it is a good pit stop on the way home.
Been coming here since 1997 so it must mean something.Love their Strawberry Shortcakes! My grandmother is a fan as well, and was too upset when I purchased a half of a cake (which they sell), because I thought a whole cake would be too much for her!This place is pure cupcake haven, simply the best, cupcakes bigger then my fist, very cheap as wellI am not much of a tiffany's fan. My cousin brought her  daughter b-day cake from there. From first appearance the cake was beautiful ( pink and white dora the explorer) However once we cut into the cake that was an totally different experiece.Oh yes "EXPERIENCE"!  We cut it up for our guest and children, one of the parent said she bit down on something hard. At first we did not pay it any mind like okay  maybe hard icing. When the second and third guest said something about this hardness. I feared for the worst, Since I never tasted the cake for myself something told  me to do so.  Boy when I did it was the most undescribable taste  it was very dry and had these little hard pieces. I just spit out because I refused to keep in my mouth let alone swallow it. 
What is a children's b-day without an cake? Now pissed off my cousin call the bakery and told that the cake is not edible. The girl immediately became defensive and replied we are not responsible for the cake once it leaves our premises. Since arguing with this young lady wasn't getting us anywhere. My cousin just hung up and went to purchase a birthday cake  from Shoprite.  I guess she should have done that in the first place.I hope that you all know even without reading this review that Tiffany's in the Gallery is the shiznit.  They sell strawberry shortcake by the slice for $3, and this slice can't reasonably be eaten in one sitting.  That's not to say that your average Philadelphian wouldn't do it anyway.  Double negatives woot!  Anyway, Tiffany's has been around forever.  It's quality baking, and the prices are ok.  There's plenty of cakes ready made for your convenience, or you can order custom items if you like.  Next time you find yourself walking by in the underworld we call the Gallery, give your senses some respite & grab the shortcake.i was not impressed at all by the quality of the baked goods. I purchased a 8' red velvet cake and it was horrible. It was entirely too sweet all around. Though the cake itself was moist, you could hardly enjoy more than a bite or two because of the obscene amount of sugar. Also, what I thought was supposed to be cream cheese frosting was not. If it was- it was masked horribly by the ton of sugar added. Lastly, there was just too much icing in general.  The positive- considering that it is located in the Gallery with a lot of people traffic, the service was quick, and employees were nice. Definitely will not be going back, nor will I recommend.the best cakes and pastries ever! i absolutely love the strawberry shortcake. Never had a issue with my order
 Service is always done with respectPut in a custom order for a coworker's birthday and was so pleased with the results. We got the sheet cake with cupcakes which was perfect - easy to pull apart with no need to spend the time cutting slices. The cupcakes were delicious - lots of frosting which I am personally a fan of! The best part was how nice they are at the Suburban Station location!! I put the order in a little later than they usually require and they made every effort to accommodate me - they went above and beyond. We will definitely be ordering from here for future office birthdays!We got a cake from Tiffany's for our engagement party last weekend. It was the best strawberry shortcake I ever had. The vanilla cake was so soft and flavorful.  I could not get over much better the cake was than any other cake I've had.  The frosting was so delicious, and I usually hate frosting.  This one wasn't too sweet at all. It was a whipped cream frosting so it was so light and had great texture. The custard filling was perfectly done. It was thick and creamy and loaded with strawberries. The delivery was on time and the cake looked beautiful. My only recommendation for the bakery is to consider allowing more than one fruit in the filling, because adding bananas would have made the cake divine.My first & probably last time at Tiffany's. I ordered the chocolate mousse cake from here for my husband's birthday; because it's located in a mall in downtown Philadelphia and you have to pay for parking I ordered and payed online so I could just go and pick up the cake. When I got there it was very crowded, they were serving #39 and I pulled #47.  I got the attention of one of the employees and explained that I had already ordered and paid for my order, all I wanted to do was pick it up. Before I could even finish she stated, you still have to wait, and walked away. Clearly this is a question that's asked on a regular basis, based on the employees reaction. Whoever owns Tiffany's you might want to consider installing an express pick up line for online orders. The cake was tasty my only issue is it was more mousse then cake. It was two very thin layers, approx 1/2 in thick each, with 1 inch of mousse between and another inch of mousse on top. Very tasty but to much mousse was the main comment from everyone that had a piece.Absolutely fabulous! Two years in a row they have provided fondue cake for my daughter's birthday. You send a picture of the dream cake you found on Pinterest and they create it. Will be going back next yearAs far as Jefferson Station snack options go, Tiffany's Bakery is definitely more upscale (compared to Philly Pretzel Factory or Cinnabon). However, the price definitely goes up, too. Seven forkfuls of rice pudding is $1.99 - which breaks down to 28¢ per small bite. The pudding has good texture, maybe a bit gelatinous (which is good when they give you a fork to eat it with), and very clean and mild without much sweetness at all... borderline tasteless.
The mini cheesecake is more bang for the buck at $4. I think the strawberries are macerated on-site each day (not coated in artificial goop), and the cheesecake itself is heavy and dense. Definitely more satisfying, and probably nearly as big a serving as a small actual slice of cheesecake (though denser).Absolute garbage. How do you get away with selling cupcakes at half the normal size for almost $2? Then when I got home the cupcakes were dry and ended up in the trash. I don't live in the city or I would have taken them back. They tasted like cake that was previously frozen and thawed out. But these didnt make the cut. Unfortunately, this is not the first time this has happened to me at this bakery. But like the saying goes..fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.WOW ... where do I start! ... I wanted to order a custom Baby Shower cake. Perused their site, didn't like anything. I choose a design from the web. Nowhere on their site could I find how to place my order. I called Tiffany's ... for a custom design I would have to have a consultation in store.  Located in NE Phila I went to the suburban store. I talked with Dylan and told him I had called about placing a custom baby shower cake and was told I needed an in-store consultation. He said he didn't know what I was talking about, that I could order online using email & proceeded to give me a business card. He said to put all information in the email together with a picture of the cake and a designer would get back with cost.  Needless to say this trip was a waste of my day, time & money. Once home I sent off an email with my web image stating I wanted it exactly like the image, same colors but remove baby shoes on top tier. I  stated pound cake/lemon filling and the new baby's name. Gave details of  date/time/restaurant & 30 guests.  Went so far as to state the obvious,  cake should arrive early. Simple and straight forward ... so I thought! DAY of BABY SHOWER ...  the restaurant (is in town) arrived approximately 50 mins early to set up. Everything was ready but no cake. Guests were arriving ... 15 mins in, no cake ... 25 mins in, no cake ... then my daughter called & driver told her he's stuck in traffic. He was over 1/2 hr late.  When he took the cake out the first thing I noticed is the baby's name was smeared. After the cake was cut, I realized this was not a pound cake but a sponge cake. I have pictures showing the texture of sponge cake. The image I used was a baby shower cake that was very soft, petite & dainty looking. What I received was a poor representation if you want to call it that. Everything was over sized and looked poorly put together. I ordered a cake to feed 30 people. After the restaurant cut the cake there was at least more than 50% left over. WHY???? I called the Monday after the shower and spoke with Dylan, GM, regarding my disappointment in what they describe them themselves as a World-Renowned Bakery and the lack of quality of a $398.00 cake plus an additional $28.00 delivery fee to a location that is only a few blocks away. I wish I could post a pictures. I told Dylan this was a sponge cake not pound cake (he insisted it was pound cake) ... NO, it was not! That's the FIRST LIE. I stated the cake was over 1/2 hr late and the driver told us he was stuck in traffic. Dylan said his driver arrived and was told by the hosted that no one from our party was there yet. SECOND LIE. I told him  of my disappointment with the lack of soft, cute, daintiness this cake should have had as for a baby. I specifically brought his attention to a bow at the base of the top tier. The bow is suppose to be small and feminine as it accented what is a top of a dress and a waistline & then the bottom of the dress. The bow on the dress from the bakery took up the entire width of the top tier cake where as it should have only been about 2-1/2" at most. I asked Dylan why so large. He told me all designers are unique in their style. I didn't want to hear that because I asked for exact as the picture I sent. Dylan proceeded to tell me the bow could not be made a different size because they're made out of "gum paste" and purchased from elsewhere. I was puzzled about that & asked if they order them in all different colors so as to have what the customer needs. Dylan told me they spray them to the color needed. I asked him how does the color go all the way through and he said it does. Well, I researched and found out that "gum paste" is hard and brittle not soft like fondant. The bow was large and frumpy, because it was made from "fondant". Dylan's THIRD LIE. A $398 cake for 30 people equals $13.27/slice with over 50 left over cake ??? something's not right! To Sum Up: Expensive cake, Over sized cake, Over 1/2 hr late & no call, No Consultation was needed (wasted day), Sponge cake (not pound cake), Smeared baby's name, poor representation of design (very large details, not baby like) together with Dylan's multiple lies. All this and all he offered was my delivery charge returned. I fought him and he then offered delivery fee and $50. I asked him to break down my costs so I could understand the $398 charge, he wouldn't. I called their other store and got basic charges for approximately the same cake ... a custom 10" and 7" fondant two tier, three layer cake with similar design for $240. That's a huge difference in price and would like to know why. I think my cake was thrown together last minute and that's why it was late and looked so poorly put together. World-Renowned ... I don't think so. Never again and please beware if you're looking for quality.This centrally located and convenient storefront could've been an amazing addition to an otherwise bustling Center City business hub, but after several attempts to patronize, today being the last, I can't for the life of me hope for anything but it's closure. 
The staff are ignorant and rude. The selections at 9am on a weekday are dismal. The entire experience of trying to buy a birthday cake for an associate was miserable, and I ended up walking a few blocks to Termini's, where I was greeted with the smell of freshly-baked cakes and a smile. 
I suggest you do the same.  
This was my third and final attempt to support this business, with the same outcome. It's inexcusable. 
Just close already.I always love their strawberry shortcake! Fluffy and not too sweet, perfect for my afternoon tea. If you really like their shortcake, better buy the whole cake. They sell 1 piece for $4
They sell various cupcakes and cheesecake too.finally had a chance to visit Tiffianys Bakery yesterday morning around 7:30 am  after work with three other people in line. I purchased two slices of Famous Strawberry Short Cake. I devoured one piece after dinner and was very surprised at the subtle sweetness, almost refreshing. I hope to go back for the Pumpkin Muffin next week.This wasn't my 1st time making a purchase from Tiffany's but will definitely be my last. Walked in on a Wednesday to order a strawberry shortcake for my daughter's birthday. No one greets you when walking in. They look at you and keep filling the case. Stood there for 5 minutes and then I had to say I wanted a cake. Ordered and paid. Seen another lady pick up a cake that was ready to go. I go to pick mine up the next day Thursday and it wasn't ready. They lady was scrambling to find my cake so she pulls one out and had to write on it come home to find out it wasn't the proper size. Not only that it tasted like mushy wet strawberry with sugar water. The cake it self was dry and you can definitely tell it was older cake from days prior. Will NOT be going back anytime soonEvery time I come to the gallery I come here. This is one of the best bakery's around. They have fresh jumbo sized cupcakes. The frosting is very sugary, but the cake tastes like angel food cake!! Yummmmmm :) The cannoli's are amazing!!! Hard crispy shell and delicious sweet creme and chocolate chip filling! Even though they are a bit pricy, it's totally worth the treat!!The cake was beautiful!!!!!! And HUGE! .. I ordered a cake that feeds 20 .. but this cake could have easily fed 40.  It was a LITTLE dense but that did not ruin the taste or flavor of the cake.  I would def use this bakery again .. next time I will go with a SMALLER version.  Thank you for a well done cake.Tried the mini eclairs and mini puff. Not the best. The price was ok. The place was clean. But nothing too exciting.It's in the Gallery and while it's decent - ,any of the pastries are too "gloppy" for me.  It is, indeed, cheaper than DiBruno's - but it is not nearly as good as Termini Bros.
The cookies have brightly colored sprinkles and thus, My 4 year old just adores it here - but she's a kid and would eat cookies just about anywhere.
Birthday cakes here are moist and tasty - a good option if you work in the area and need an office cake in a pinch.Update 2019- Another year and another fabulous cake! They have started a new process where you email pictures and get a pricing estimate. You have to do this 24 hour in advance of ordering. My mommy-brain that runs around at the last minute for parties will have trouble with this- but I understand the rational. I order/picked up from Jefferson Station location (still open during construction) and the staff is very friendly. Will be back next year :)Tried them for the first time. Had an awful experience. Sent a dessert tray to someone at their office as a birthday gift. I picked out about $70 worth of cookies, mini cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries etc. There is no place on the website that tells you how big the tray is so I wrote in the "special instructions" box: please call me if this is not enough to fill the tray. it's a surprise birthday gift. I left my cell. No one called. The person I sent it to sent me this picture. I was so embarrassed- couldn't believe they sent a half empty tray, especially given my note. And they attached a receipt. (I said it was a gift! Seriously?) Called twice to complain. They really could care less. Their response was that the person who makes up the tray doesn't read the special instructions. What? Terrible service. Never again.My work ordered their donuts for Mardi Gras. They look very similar to Beiler's (and are very thick and doughy like them). I tried the cookies and cream looking donut. It was good, the cream didn't taste like much of anything, I would have wanted a little moreee dense-ness to the cream (this was more fluffy). It was also extremely doughy (definitely one donut would be enough). Overall, it was pretty good!I recently order a birthday cake for my grandbaby went to pick up as scheduled when I got their it wasn't ready and the customer service was awful plus the cake wasn't that good either I rather and should of went to Shoprite plus it would been lot cheaper also so go at your own risk!!!!Got a cake based on positive reviews, but, the cake was more like a cake you get from grocery store. The frosting was dry. The cake was ok, nothing special.I have loved Tiffany's bakery for years. This bakery was a staple in the Gallery and now the Fashion District. While the cakes and desserts are five stars, the customer service is not! On the day the Fashion District open they ran out of Strawberry shortcake by 2:30 pm and they were going to be open until 6pm. I went back again and thankfully they had strawberry shortcake. I even tried the red velvet strawberry shortcake. It is excellent! The reason I gave this place 3 stars is because the customer service is less than stellar. The last time I went I was the only person waiting and there were several people working but chatting amongst themselves . I stood for a while before someone noticed/addressed me. Then I was made to get a ticket but I was the only one waiting. The young lady milled around more before she asked me what my number was and then said she would be servicing my number . It was odd. While I was there an older woman walked up and said she wanted to order cannolis . She interrupted the woman helping me to help the older woman who was very anxious to get cannolis. This action raised an eyebrow because I was confused why someone else couldn't have helped the older lady. But because she was older I gave her a pass but there should have been another way to deal with this type of thing. When it was time to ring me up the young lady who helped was so preoccupied with her conversation she could barely calculate my order. It was very unprofessional. She apologized a few times but it was still very awkward. I had to keep reminding myself the unprofessionalism was worth it when I bit into this light and airy bit of red velvet heaven.So i order a birthday cake from Tiffany's for my daughters birthday rite before thanksgiving and i ordered cakes for thanksgiving at that time as well. When i went to pick up the cakes, the birthday cake i ordered had no writing on it as i requested and the staff there just gave me the cakes bagged up like it was complete, I get all the way home and had to come all the way back to find out why the writing wasn't placed on the cake, also i noticed the strawberry shortcake i ordered was the incorrect size, the staff member stated he is not sure what happen to the size cake i ordered...WHAT?!.....he did offer me a refund for the difference..then yesterday i placed another order with Tiffany's online to be delivered today, yesterday i called and specifically asked could you take my wife's (the person who it was being delivered to) telephone number off the order and just call my number when they arrive because i wanted to surprise her and i would be at the home to receive the delivery....the staff member assured me they would....today they arrive and call my wife even after i asked them not to, i get the order and the girl i spoke with did cross out the number of my wife and wrote on the receipt to call me upon arrival and not my wife....i guess the driver never read anything and even saw the number crossed out but still called anyway....then to make matters worse they didn't even send my entire order, i call the store and they state they will refund my money for the item missed....the balloons they missed they stated they didn't have helium at the time....WHAT?!....and even if that was the case someone should have called me and stated that prior to delivery and maybe i could have substituted something for it or at least i would have known it wasn't coming and could have made other arrangements......THIS IS BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE, ITS NOT ABOUT A REFUND, Tiffany's needs to be more aware and conscious of the orders they are sending, they ruin my whole surprise and wasted my time going home and having to come all the way back to have writing put on a cake and then to find out they gave me the incorrect size cake......Unbelievable how horrible these two experiences were. I've been going to Tiffany's for years but next time I will go to Denise's BakeryBought a slice of strawberry shortcake from Jefferson Station.
The Good- 
Strawberries were sweet. 
Cream seemed fresh.
The Bad- 
Cake was DRY and FLAVORLESS. Tasted like store bought.
Unfriendly staff.
Would not purchase the strawberry shortcake again.Ok, I'm not generally a dessert person , and if I eat cake it has to be amazing. This birthday cake, 1/2 chocolate, 1/2 a lovely white cake? ( sorry I ate it, didn't order it) was perfection ! Moist at its very best, with just the right amount of icing ( that was  so rich and creamy  without the sweet overload) . I never review food , especially desserts !OMG. My friend brought over a huge slice of strawberry shortcake earlier today, and I wish she hadn't! I enjoyed a reasonable sliver of this deliciousness shortly before dinner, but just polished off the rest right before bed. I seriously only meant to have a bite or two, but it was so good I failed to save the rest for tomorrow. Oops! It was darn tasty, though!I wanted to surprise my sister with a cake for her birthday, and I live about 2 hours away from Philly. I was able to order a cake made to my specifications online, set delivery for her home for a certain time, and they even include add-ons like candles, cake slicers and handwritten notes to go with your purchase. I ordered everything yesterday and it was delivered today without a hitch, I didn't have to worry about a thing. And the cake was gorgeous! Everything went off flawlessly thanks to Tiffany's!I ordered the giant cupcakes to be delivered to my daughter's dorm through UberEats. They were absolutely gorgeous. They arrived in perfect condition. She said they were all delicious.