yummy！  I order #1 and #3 today.
better than other bubble tea store~ wanna try 2&4 next time！We wanted to try multiple drinks so we ordered #1-5. Spending $30 on bubble tea seemed a bit excessive but oh well, had to at least try them, right?
The milk tea itself reminds me of the coffee hard candy or coffee ice cream. Doesn't really taste like milk tea, so I guess you can argue it's unique? But if you are looking for a traditional milk tea taste, this place is not it. Bubbles and jelly are all super softy and addicting, so can't go wrong there! 
Unfortunately, for $6 per (small) drink, I would expect some sort of customizations to be allowed, but nope. You cannot adjust sugar or ice level for most drinks. 
Overall, it was worth the try, but I doubt I'll be craving an expensive cup of milk tea overfilled with ice.This was a good experience getting Milk Tea at 8:00pm on a cool Philly Saturday night. We got the tea craving and decided to make a run here 4/7/2021.
A popular place with the young crowd, the place was busy, but the line went fast and soon it was our turn. The employees were young but very attentive. Not overly nice, subdued but seemed they had good work ethic. 
The interior was clean and their brand color scheme was mysterious and mesmerizing: black and yellow. We got our tea within 5 mins of ordering and it was delicious! The Boba was soft and texture was perfect. Definitely deserves 2nd visit.I had not had bubble tea in quite sometime but my friend really wanted to go and I'm always up for an adventure. I had checked out the menu before we got there and it's small but good. I'm lactose intolerance so I was happy to see a tea option. 
Inside is small but quick & efficient. Order, pay, scoot out of the way and they'll call your number. I got green tea boba. Really sweet but really delicious. The pearls were bigger than I remembered and after a few chews I got the hang of it. 
Day after I was already craving it again. Not pricey and in a good location in Chinatown.Love all of their drinks!! Highly recommended their chocolate flavored drink, very rich chocolate & deliciousSuper in love! Hands down the best bubble tea in Chinatown.  We also like how it is not super sweet but packed with goodness overload. I got #1 and #2 and regret nothing.  Super nice staff too which is a plus in that area. Can't wait to go back!I came to try the bubble tea here today but was a little disappointed to find out that none of the milk used is non-diary or lactose-free. For someone who has a penchant for bubble tea but is lactose intolerant, I felt I was excluded from experiencing what all the raves are about. Hoping Tiger Suger will add non-dairy milk to their menu and I will even be willing to pay a little extra for that!This place is awesome! Their main product is a brown sugar milk tea, which is creamy and delicious. It's very sweet (not an issue for me), but it also feels like it's probably heavy cream based just because of the taste and texture. Not bad for me, but just makes you think about the calories that must be in it LOL.Great if you love milk tea! It is a bit sweet and you can't really adjust the sugar level. I feel like you only come when you crave this certain type of bubble tea, but not as a regular thing. 
Inside is small and there is not much seating; not really cozy like other bubble tea places. Pretty good location in Chinatown though!Such pretty drinks!! Really quite yummy. They were insanely rich and creamy with a hefty amount of sweetness. Downsides were the price, mushy Boba, and that there was way too much ice in it. I think if I stick with chain places, it comes in just below Mr. Wish in my book.Amazing. Their 黑糖奶茶 looks unbelievable and tastes so as well. I've had other great milk teas but this one is the most visually appealing. I wish they didn't put as much ice in it though because it would last longer though. I live 1 hour away but I would definitely make the drive just to come back to this place.If you really like milk this is the spot for you. We got the #1 and asked for a #8 but were served a #3. Both drinks tasted like milk with lots of sugar and boba in it. One was just chocolate. It takes a while to get the drinks and it gets crowded inside with people waiting. I do recommend you try it if you like milk. Hopefully you get what you ordered!We walked in on the way home from a long walk in the hot sun. We got there in between rushes, so we didn't wait at all to order. By the time we left, there was quite a line.
I got T3, black tea with cheese mousse. The tea was good, and it wasn't an overly sweet drink. I'd probably skip the mousse next time for the same reason I skip whipped cream: Most of it ends up in the lid, and I can enjoy the drink just as much without it. But I'm glad I tried it once. Husband enjoyed his earl grey-based beverage with boba.
Their tea is really good, so I'm sure I'll be back.I'm an avid Tiger Sugar fan and I can say that the few locations I have been to have been consistent in the quality of their boba and their tea. While they are famous for their brown sugar milk teas, after a hot day, I went and got there tawianese black tea and oolong tea with boba just so I could have something fresh, crisp, and clean sans all the milk tea/cream/mousse/ etc. The tea itself is delicious and the boba on top being as fresh and well-cooked as they are is just the icing on the cake. Overall, great service that is really fast and they'll get you in and out.The first time i tried Tiger Sugar was in California so when I found out they were opening one in Philly I was super excited. The wait when I was there was around 10-15 mins, they check your temp before letting anyone go in. 
We got #1, it really is just like drinking a dessert. overall it was really good for times when you have those sugar cravings. One thing I would do differently next time is to get less ice. When you finish the drink there is still around 1/3 of a cup of ice in thereSo this is the famous Tiger Sugar that was going crazy in NY? Don't know what all the hype is about, but my experience were pretty lack luster. Tiger Sugar is located right next to the Sanrio store in Chinatown. Parking is harsh, of course, and they don't take phone orders, which makes it more harsh( at first they didn't take phone orders, but in January they did take my phone order)
I wanna try everything so I bought #1, #2, and #3. I loved #1 and #2. They both tastes really one of a kind and tasty. One of a kind means no one else in Chinatown can duplicate that taste. I hate #3 because it tastes like hot chocolate but in a cold version, which i hate, would avoid if you are not a hot chocolate fan. I also purchased 5 bags of black sugar popcorn. Oh they were goooood..... They taste very similar to the caramel popcorn. Perfect if you have a sweet tooth. I ate 4 bags within 15 minutes, yes they were that addicting lol. 
So why the 3 stars? None of my drinks have that tiger stripe look, unfortunately. The cashier can't really speak or understand English well, which make my experience pretty difficult. Every drinks are SOLD AS IT IS, they don't allow alterations(less ice, more boba etc.....) of any type, which is a turnoff. Regardless, I would definitely buy more black sugar popcorn and 1&2 whenever I have a taste for it.Pretty good! I ordered the #2 - BS (advertised as the most popular option). Most of the drinks didn't have an option to change the sugar level which is disappointing and also unusual for a bubble tea place. I liked my drink but it was definitely much sweeter than what I prefer. My friend who ordered the brown sugar taro boba milk said it was okay - FYI it's just milk tea with boba and taro bits, NOT taro-flavored milk tea. So you couldn't order just a taro bubble tea with no taro bits (I tried). Again, kind of unusual from my experience.Pretty good for one of the newer bubble tea spots in Chinatown. Their #1 order is fully customized already for you, no deviations from their recipe to success. I think the amount of ice, sugar and bubbles are pretty well-balanced. It's on the pricier side for bubble tea, but has a bit of that foamy. It's not overly sweet. Hits the spot. Definitely something to consider checking out compared to the other Bubble Tea chains in Philly Chinatown.Did you know the drinks on the menu were either milk or tea drinks? They are not milk tea but just as tasty as milk tea! 
I was mind blown when I found out, I ended up with their signature drink, it's their Pearl milk mixed with brown sugar boba.  One down side with tiger sugar is that: you can't adjust sugar or ice level. They are fixed due to protecting the integrity of the drinks which I can understand. 
This place is definitely for brown sugar boba lover!Love tiger sugar! I was so happy they open a location in Philly! I got the signature boba which has the black sugar boba and pearl milk with cream mouse and their best seller boba which is similar to the signature boba but they also added jelly as a topping. I enjoyed both drinks! I love their boba, it's the right amount of sweetness and they are chewy which I like. The balance of the brown sugar and the milk tea is great! My favorite is their signature boba! 
The service was good! Very quick and easy. I didn't have to wait too long to order or get my drink. The only thing I have to warn is the drinks are a little sticky when you shake them so be careful.I was very excited to finally try this place since Tiger Sugar is known for their brown sugar boba drinks. I got the signature drink. The drink was good, but it was not extraordinary. I would come back to get another drink, but I would not go out of my way to come back. The service was quick and interior was clean.Really good bubble tea! Never tried this type before because I am so used to going to kung fu tea or tea do, but I definitely will come back here. Quick service, and the bubble tea was delicious!Insanely yummy. Tastes like a dark caramel milk tea. Boba is nice and chewy. Love it!I heard about their new opening and I was super excited to try it out! I got there on a Saturday afternoon and the line was fast. After ordering my drink, I only waited about 3 minutes for my boba. I ordered the #1 Black Sugar Boba + Pearl Milk with Cream Mousse. It was definitely a pretty cup of boba with the syrup striped on the sides of the cup. Remember to shake the drink before you drink it! The milk tea was definitely a hit! One of my faves from now on :) I loved how the pearls were also small, which made it more fun to eat. The total price for one cup was six dollars with tax, which is definitely a hefty price. Only thing is you cannot change the sweetness level or ice level. And there is also only one size.The service and drinks were both very good.  I highly recommend drink #5 which has pudding in it.Ehh what is the hype about this place. I got a #4 and they we're skimpy on the bubblesI've heard so much buzz about the Tiger Sugar in NYC so I was pleasantly surprised to find one here in Philadelphia! I got the #1 (Signature) and it was like no other boba I have ever tried. The Tapioca was warm, the consistency was smooth, the drink was sweet but not overwhelmingly sweet. Highly recommend!Really good boba tea. I recommend trying it Atleast once. It's a dessert tea. I could t drink it everyday because like i said it's a dessert tea. But it's great tasting.I went during the weekdays where it wasn't crowded, thank God for rainy days. Their drinks only have one size, I ordered a #1 which is their signature drink, you cannot adjust the sugar level on the signature drinks FYI. My friend ordered a #3, it was sweet and delicious, their pearls are very fresh. Overall, I think they did pretty good, I tried tiger sugar in Hong Kong and Singapore, and I would say it taste the same, just need less ice and it'll be perfect!Idk why but this place is so cute. The interior is really nice, not much seating due to the pandemic, which is totally respectable. The menu is really small, so it's perfect for indecisive people like me. I would definitely come back again. I ordered #2 which is the boba drink with the jelly. Super good, would recommend to order the drinks with less ice to get more milk tea lolStill not as good as the one in NY, this is pretty good still! Milk sugar and ice balance was good, the taste was awesome, I could clearly taste the brown sugar flavor in the drink and in the pearls, so I was happy! just the pearls were not as big as in NY.A very popular brown sugar bubble tea originally form Taichung, Taiwan I believe, while I never had the one from Taichung but I did try the one in Taipei and they tasted the same! So I would give them the authenticity check!
Menu is pretty limited, most of the people would get the no.1 or 2, it seems like you can't pick the ice level nor the sweetness! Personally I do think it's super sweet, but it's not bad if you want a "dessert" drink.
There were many people on the line because it's a relatively new bubble tea spot but I still got my drink quite fast(within minutes).
The 黑糖掛杯（brown sugar drizzle on the inside of the cup) is just so pretty like the tiger stripes......instagram worthy!I've been to Tiger Sugar in NYC and it tastes just as great. I came here on a Monday afternoon so there were no line and the wait was quick. 
I ordered #1, which is their best seller. It's a nice drink to have once in awhile and I can see how this would be addicting. The staff were super friendly. Everyone wore masks, there are hand sanitizers around the store and it was overall a good experience.My boyfriend heard many good reviews about tiger sugar so we decided to check it out and wow!!! So delicious!! We got the #2 and it was gone in about 2 seconds ha!  The boba was so supple and jelly was tasty. We came back multiple times after our first visit! It was very clean inside and there is also a restroom. Our drink came out very quickly and the staff made sure we knew to shake it before we drink. Amazing!Tiger sugar is the hype per usual, its funny when you hear people walking by whispering to their friends why there's a line for this place if they've never heard of it (esp the aunties and grandparents). But pretty awesome it's in Philly now (the city which I believe has probably every boba shop available in Chinatown, philly is basically Boba town). I've had tiger sugar in Taiwan and NYC primarily so the concept wasn't new to me. Their boba was very fresh and subtle sweet, they also have varying sizes of boba that gives it better texture 
But their concept which is a downer is that you can't adjust the sugar or ice content, which leaves the tea drinks rather too sweet for my taste. I do appreciate what they advertise as fresh milk for their tiger milk drinks, but its basically only horizon milk that can be purchased from the supermarket store. The girl who took my order also steered me toward the wrong path and told me the wrong ingredients that were in my drink, but hopefully that'll improve since it's just their grand opening week. 
Overall tiger sugar is a safe choice and worth the experience if you've never had before. Personally for me as a regular boba addict, $6 post tax for a cup of a boba without additional toppings isn't as worth as other boba shops in Chinatown (that's like getting a whole bahn mi).Yaaas!!! The moment everyone is waiting for!! Tiger Sugar PHILLY. If you haven't tried their drinks.. this is a must. Their specialty is brown sugar bubble tea. So yummy and such a sweet drink for all bubble tea lovers. They have store opening up in major cities where people wait on long lines for it. Worth!!! Recommend trying their signature drink first to see what it is all about!!Tiger Sugar is on the pricier side for bubble tea (especially with that Philly sugar tax), but they are delicious. I had a T1 and the drink was creamy, sweet, and delicious. It's definitely my favorite spot in Philly!I am impressed, Tiger Sugar was simply great. I loved the experience. Everything that I have actually tried has been really delicious. Team is extremely polite and will certainly help you with everything. Would definitely recommend Tiger Sugar to everyone.The best bubble tea I've had ever
I got the number 2 which is the brown sugar with pearl jelly and boba. I think what makes the bubble tea unique is the cream mousse and the strong coffee flavor. Idk if they have it in there, but something about it screams that aroma which
Makes it really good. The other ones like the green tea bubble tea on the menu is pretty lit too. Gets super packed and I think it's limited menu allows the place to focus and be good and specialize on having good brown sugar bubble teaTried every drink here, and all of them are amazing. Highly recommend over the other bubble tea stores in the area as this one is unique and different. Also, the cashier working was very friendly.Tiger Sugar is a popular newer bubble tea joint in Chinatown. Their menu is smaller with a more limited assortment of options. But the namesake tiger sugar drink is great, so long as you're interested in sweet hot black tea with boba. Come visit if you want a classic bubble tea drink and aren't too particular about wanting one eclectic, unique flavor.We were in town and had to give this place a try. I've seen Mikey Chen in his youtube vids grab bubble tea from this franchise a couple of times. Plus, the name of the place is just so awesome. Who doesn't consume sugar from a tiger?!?! So as the saying goes, "Whatever Mikey Chen tries, I must tries". Ok that's not a real saying but whatever you get my drift.
Walked right on in and asked for their most popular drink. They said it was their #2 so #2 I ordered. Cost almost 7 bucks. As you can see from my pic, it came with some kind of caramel stuck against the sides of the cup. No idea what it was but they told me to shake it up real good. After shaking it up, it pretty much looked like normal bubble tea. There was some black jelly and bobba on the bottom as well. Taste-wise, it didn't taste like anything I haven't tried before. Pretty much the usual taste of bubble tea.
Overall, pretty good. Seems to be a pretty popular joint. I could see people popping in and out constantly from the place.Great drinks, for a fair price. I recommend the signature drink (#1) for any newcomers. Then my favorite is T4 which is the classic black boba tea.
P.S: I love the kpop playlist that they have there. Especially Twice and LOO!Hands down my favorite bubble tea place. The brown sugar boba is so good. My favorite is the number 4 which has a shot of espresso and it mixes very well with the brown sugar and milk. I also like their vanilla black tea drinks. The tea is nice and fragrant and the vanilla adds a touch of flavor that goes very well with the drink. The service in Philly is good and the drinks come out super fast.Their #1 tea was very good, although very sweet. The boba was among the best I've had, and you could tell it was fresh because it was even still a little warm. The tiger stripes made the tea look really interesting!  Other reviewers mention temperature being taken but I did not see that when I went. The line situation was also awkward for pickup and ordering. I wish they instructed people to wait off to the side as large groups were just crowded near where you order.Newly opened this past week and it's already packing! Definitely a hit spot with the long lines and constant flow of people. While I do get that it has a good history of picture worthy and tasty drinks, I do think the cost to worth ratio is a bit off given that each drink is about $6. The drinks themselves were great though and there's nothing more satisfying than a chocolate infused boba. I still have yet to try their normal boba which I'd like to go back for sometime if I'm feeling like I want to splurge a bit or am grabbing drinks with friends. Otherwise, this will have to saved for those special occasions.I hadn't heard much of Tiger Sugar before walking by a week or two ago.  I was in a bubble tea type mood and figured I'd give them a go.  I decided to let fate guide me, so I ordered their #1 (which is also their best seller).  It was tasty and is sure to give you a sugar high.  It also looks amazing cool, which I probably shouldn't factor into something I'm drinking, but hey I do.
The place is small, so I believe everything is designed for to-go orders. It was also extremely clean and I arrived after what would have been the lunch/post-lunch rush.  The staff is friendly.  The only downside is the menu is limited. I'd put Tiger Sugar in the worth checking out once in a while category.The #1 (black sugar + pearl milk with cream mouse) was amazing! Tasted like liquid creme brûlée. The tapioca pearls come in two different sizes giving a nice texture variation and they were super soft and chewy. I was concerned that the drink was going to be too sweet since you absolutely cannot make any adjustments to the drinks but was pleasantly surprised that it was not! Milkshakes and floats are a lot sweeter in my opinion. Nonetheless, Tiger Tea is definitely more of an indulgence and not something I could drink on a regular basis since there is no option to adjust the sweetness level.New Boba shop??! Count me there. The new boba battler, Tiger Sugar, in town is a fresh take for boba in Chinatown. I got the #2 which is their signature drink with "tiger jelly". The jelly did not really have any difference in taste in my opinion. I thought it was there for more texture. 
The wait was around 30+ mins for 20-30 feet outside the shop. It was the second day, so I'm sure they're still working the process out. They checked temperature before going into with limited capacity for indoor orders. The staff was fairly friendly and kind. Props to them for the continuous work. 
The flavor and boba were good. I found myself finishing the boba fairly quickly and I usually savor my drinks. On the other side, you can't change the size or sugar %. I usually don't like super sugary drinks but I didn't thought not having the option to change the sugar % was bad since the sugar level felt pretty balance. Overall, good new boba spot in Philly. Will continue to see how they do later onI actually had this as an ice cream before I got a chance to try the drink. To my surprise, it taste the same despite the different medium. And to be perfectly honest, I prefer the ice cream better. 
Got their #1 and #2, none of these are customizable. The only difference between #1 and #2 is that 2 has jellies as well as pearls/boba. The jellies were just whatever. In fact they were quite similar to the pearls with a slightly different texture. Personally I prefer pearls more. 
The drinks are definitely creamier and sweeter than most. If you don't like sweetness in regular boba and prefer fruity teas, then I would definitely pass. On the other hand, if you have a sweet tooth then this might be up your alley. Personally, once is enough for me.Best bubble tea ever. Will have to agree that the sizing is too small. I finished it within the the 10 minute drive home.I was excited to finally try Tiger Sugar after all the hype I've heard over the past few years, and it definitely met my expectations. I really liked the different sized pearls, and they were the perfect consistency. The flavors were decadent without being too sweet. We didn't have to wait too long considering how busy they were. The inside is small, so if you're with a large group, it may be best to wait outside or have just one person go in and order. It's a little expensive (~$6) but worth it in my opinion as an every now and then indulgence.The boba was chewy and very yummy! I wish that I could've adjusted the sugar level. It wasn't too sweet for me but there wasn't any tea flavor. I would love to try the other flavors that I can adjust the sugar level to actually taste the tea.I got the taro boba milk tea and it was DISGUSTING. I could not advise someone enough to stay far away from this place. Not only could you find cheaper bubble tea quite literally anywhere else in Chinatown, but in addition to the boba they added some other unknown chewy substance that made the entire thing inedible. I threw mine away. Would have much rather just thrown $7 in the trash, it would have at least saved the plastic.I have no idea how they do it, but this place is amazing! I have tried black sugar boba at other places, but this is by far the best. This place has a very limited drink menu, but they honestly don't need to expand. Lines are out the door and for good reason.
My favorite is the number 2 - it has pearl and jelly. It's so refreshing and love that the balance of milk to tea is just right. If you have never been a fan of black sugar teas, this place will surely change your mind. I go places ordering this, but am always disappointed bc it doesn't taste like Tiger Sugar.
Keep up the great work guys! Can't wait to take all my family members who visit Ctown here.This place has been hyped up from friends who either live near NYC or tried it in NYC. I was really excited, because all I kept hearing was about how this was the original and best brown sugar boba. Welp, I don't know if it's because the place is brand new and the staff could be novices, or if it's just over-hyped. I only say novice, because they're taking their time measuring out every little thing, and the end result was bland. I tried the number #1, and what I got last night was $6.00 milk and sugar. The boba consistency was right, but I was disappointed that there was zero tea taste in my beverage. I'm hoping that this place improves over time; otherwise, Philly continues to lack in authentic and quality boba shops.Ever since I tried this in South Korea, I've always wondered when it would come to Philly, and a year after I came back a Tiger Sugar franchise opened up! 
I think it's safe to say that I have a Tiger Sugar addiction... I think the only place I ever visit for boba nowadays is Tiger Sugar. I may have been there at least 5-6 times since their opening. 
Their tea is definitely more on the pricier side, but to get this type of flavorful and good quality milk tea my mouth is shut and wallet is open. 
The only thing I wish they did was expand their menu options, I know that other franchises have other awesome options! 
PS I always get #2 (black sugar boba + pearl + jelly milk with cream mousse) and occasionally the coffee latte alternativeOur first time trying tiger sugar. If you like dirty brown sugar boba drinks, this place is for you. I find that these drinks taste a bit like cereal but that's what they are supposed to taste like. I ordered #2 which is the one with coffee jelly and I got it without the boba because I find that most of the "cereal" taste is from the boba. The drinks are very good and well made and also very pretty to look at. I just wish we could customize the sugar level or at least the ice level. I often buy these drinks to bring home for family and they don't allow you to ask for no ice (not sure why). The reason I'm only giving 3 stars is because the workers there were not friendly at all. When we came there were 2 girls and 1 guy working. The guy was mostly making drinks so our order was taken by 1 girl. She seemed annoyed every time a customer walked in the door. She did everything in a huff and seemed irritated when we asked about the drinks on the menu (since it was our first time here). And it was not just us she did this to. She wasn't at all friendly to any other customers in there. You would think that since this place is fairly new, they would try a little harder to make their customers feel welcomedI first tried Tiger Sugar in NY & fell in love. I constantly think about their Black Sugar Boba try to find something similar where I am from but nothing compares. So you can only imagine how happy I was when I looked up boba on Yelp and I seen Tiger Sugar come up. This is hands down the best boba tea ever!! It's so creamy & just delicious! Don't even think about it, just go & get you one!!Went for a one day trip to Philly and had to stop by and try this place! 
It's in the middle of Chinatown which can be crowded at times but worth it to get their bubble tea. I got the #2 option which was deemed as best seller. I loved it!There is a line due to Covid restrictions. The take your temp before they allow you to enter. We ordered their signature and their best seller. (Number 1 and number 2) They were delicious! The only negative comment I would say is that their portion is small. I finished my cup in less than 5 minutes. "Cry face"My favorite go to #2 drink its the perf mix of coffee and milk tea flavors with out it being too sweet. Be careful because once you order one you wanna keep coming back for more that drink is so addicting!I feel like Philly ruins chains. I was very disappointed. I felt like I was just sipping on heavy cream mixed with whole milk. The bobas were sweet and good chewy texture- only good thing about it.This boba was very milky 5/5. As a devout lactose intolerant, it reminded me I need to invest in a deeper toilet bowl.Top tier boba! Highly recommend the number 2 over the number 1 signature. The coffee jelly and the mini boba were so good! I like that it wasn't too sweet. All of the boba and stuff had good texture. Totally check it out  if you're in the area!Golden oolong tea with boba was good. It wasn't too sweet and you could taste the tea. The boba was a nice soft texture without passing into slimy.It's pretty good ngl but watching the barista make my drink made me realize that my drink was 80% ice.. which became more evident when I finished my drink in 5 mins since leaving Chinatown. The boba is soft and chewy, and the drink does taste good. But keep in mind, it's mainly all whole milk and sugar, there is no room for adjustments. I went because Tiger Sugar is all the rage right now but I might just stick to my good old fashioned milk tea in the future.I first had Tiger Sugar in SE Asia. Thankfully, I shared it with my husband, but oh man, it was good. Many bubble teas are dessert drink, but this tiger sugar bubble tea is truly a dessert drink. 
This location in Chinatown is small, but yes, it tastes good. I also ordered the oolong tea without bubbles and no sugar, but it was definitely sweet (maybe the 30% sugar level sweetness). It tasted good, but they don't seem to be able to adjust the sugar level here. 
However, if you have sweet tooth, or just craving for sweet drinks this place can definitely deliver your wishes.I onlygave 3 star cause the service really sucks. 10 people working in there but took good 10 minutes for just only 3 drink. They don't know what to do. No wonder there lines always long. Be prepared that when you go . Not satisfied at all .This was ok. I only visited because the reviews so my son and I gave it a try. I'm not a fan of chunky things in liquids so that's totally on me, my son enjoyed it though.So delicious. I really love the No.1 much ! That amazing I dont need to wait. I will try more drinks next time!If you like milky caramely drinks, this is your place! The drinks are beautifully crafted, it's absolutely necessary you take a picture of your drink prior to shaking it and consuming an incredibly delicious drink. The caramel notes are rich and dark, the bobas are two different sizes and very fresh. Whether you're wanting a refreshing pick me up or a sweet ending to your meal this is your drink place.I'm so happy there's now a tiger sugar in philly! I went yesterday and the tapioca is definitely better than other boba in philly. The service was fine, it just opened. I am excited to go back soon! I got the #3 which was with chocolate malt and it tasted like a milk shake :)Tiger sugar is my favorite black sugar bubble tea place. I went to NYC multiple time before the store in Philly was opened just to get my craving fixed. I always order number 1 and 2. In general, I think they do a decent job making the drinks. However, the bubbles made in Philly store were not that soft and chewy compared to the ones in NYC. Sometimes the drinks I ordered lacked the rich and creamy flavors, which I missed from the drinks in NYC. However, I don't want to complain much since to be fair, the store in Philly do a decent job. I would recommend you to taste your drinks right after you step out the store because they won't keep the fresh and good flavor if you wait too long.Went there with my bf after buying groceries at Chinatown. Very pleasant experience. Definitely will come back again!It was a little disappointing for us. We got the Black Sugar Lemon Black Tea, the tea were ok, pretty basic. However, the service was horrible. We came in as first timer and ordered 2 Black Sugar Lemon Black Tea and a T6. We asked if we can do 70% sugar for the Black Sugar Lemon Black Tea. The guy who took our order then asked if we want no sugar, and said it'll be too sour with no sugar. We said no, we want 70% sugar if that's possible, he said no, which wasn't an issue for us. We then told him never mind, just do regular sugar. We got our order and there were NO sugar in the tea. We came back and told them there are no sugar in all of these. All 3 people working there got really rude and said, "you said no sugar". No, let me repeat, we said "Can you do 70%. You said no. So we said nvm, just do regular". Beside, when did we talk to the other 2 person?? How did you know we said no sugar?? Anyways, after the back and forth. They added sugar. No apologies nothing. I only gave it 2 stars for the tea. If I can do negative for the service I would. I wouldn't come back. I'm sure kung fu tea/tea do/vivi and 10 other bubble tea shops out there would be a better option for me.I was very excited to try Tiger Sugar because I am a fan of brown sugar boba and this franchise is known to have really good brown sugar boba.
However, when I tried the boba, I was disappointed. It wasn't sweet enough for my taste. I thought they put way more black tea than brown sugar.
As well, it was hard to customize my order and it seemed as though there were already set drinks. Service was good though.Holy cow that was delicious!  I ordered the #2 and just everything about it was amazing.  Make sure you shake it 15 times to mix up the sugar well.  It was perfectly sweet to my liking and not overly milky.  Perfectly balanced milk tea drink with a toffee like taste and the boba was one of the best I've ever had.  Nice and chew texture the way it should be.  I wanted another one the next day before we left but just didn't have time.  Until next time Philly!My husband and I stopped by Tiger Sugar on opening weekend and thankfully did not have to wait long. Be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes though. I called a few times to try to place a takeout order but it appears they aren't taking calls at the moment. There was a line spilling out of the store and only a few people were allowed to be inside. Before entering, the owner also took the temperature of each person.
My husband and I both went with the signature drink (#1) - Black sugar Boba + Pearl Milk with Cream Mousse, and were instructed to shake the tea before drinking it. The streaks from the caramelized syrup are supposed to resemble a tiger's stripes and made the drink looked like the fanciest cup of bubble tea. Also, Tiger Sugar's streaks stayed on longer than other brown sugar milk teas I've had before, even after shaking it a few times, which allowed us to admire them a lil longer before drinking it. 
The tea was instantly addicting and tastes like drinkable caramel flan. Our only gripe is that you aren't allowed to make adjustments to the drink, because we would have preferred less ice. Other than that, the sweetness level was just right, and the little pearls in addition to the boba was a nice touch.It was here I learned about sugar tax. Not sure if it's just a Philly thing or the whole Pennsylvania, but any drink that has sugar, you will be taxed on it.  And it's not just a few cents, it's a whole dang quarter when I ordered my bubble tea here. Other than that, this was like any other Tiger Sugar franchise. The drink was average, nothing spectacular. There is no seating inside. Just buy your drink and head out. The staffs were friendly. The place was clean.