I was disappointed by Time. I went on a Saturday night. There was a long line to get in and then a cover charge I was not aware of. Getting inside there is live music downstairs and recorded music upstairs. In theory, this sounds great, but it was more uncomfortable than anything. The music upstairs was hard to dance to, plus it was so crowded that I kept getting elbowed or beer spilled on me throughout the night. It was so packed I couldn't even try making it to the bar to get a drink. This place was more of a buzzkill than anything else.My family and i waited in a long line that moved fairly fast. Once we got it, it was a $5 cover charge. We paid and went upstairs. The music was decent but it was super crowded. The floors were so sticky they were disgusting. I had to leave. 
My fiance, sister and I went downstairs to whiskey bar instead. This too was super crowded but at least it was more toned down and the floors weren't sticky. We got lucky and scored 3 seats at the bar. We sat there the rest of the night. The bartender was very good and nice. She took very good care of us making sure our drinks were filled and made just how we liked it. 
Needless to say this was not our scene but our time in the whiskey bar wasn't horrible. The service was good and the people were very cool.this review is an ode to old Philadelphia and a spit in the face to the yuppie/hipster town that the city is trying to become....
although I fully appreciate a whiskey bar with real whiskey prices, I kind of miss the affordable diveness that was the pinnacle of gayborhood establishments...
the food (please white people consult a person of color before you offer fried chicken tot he masses) was average at best.  the wings were tender large and in charge but the mussels lacked flavor of any kind.  the burger was basic at best and the fried chicken dinner entrée was depressing.  please is cutely perfect for that awkward first date and serves as a great watering hole to wash tears of ended relationships down but otherwise it is just another ode to the changing landscape of Philadelphia....The new incarnation of Ludwigs! I wonder if the waitresses gave their old uniforms to the new German beer hall on South Street...
The main floor offers two bars, one is a low key, cozy bar with tables to eat with space for musicians to play. The other bar has booths and is in a smaller room....and gets more rowdy. There's third floor bar that isn't usually open, but this spot offers something for everyone.
Oh! And it's one of the only spots in the city that offers "absinthye" or as I call it, abstinence. It's served in a cool glass vial with water and sugar cubes. They have an extensive scotch and whiskey selection as well.
Food's hit or miss. I had the mussels and they were awful, but the scallops and risotto balls were good! So, select your food wisely!
But you'll have a good TIME....wacka, wacka!3.5 is what I would really want to give this place, but I'll round up for the variety of things to do in the different rooms. I can't believe I am barely reviewing this place now--it was one of my favorite places to hang out on weekends, as long as you get there before 10pm because then you'll have to pay a cover, which, I would prefer not to do here. 
The first floor usually has a live band with a couple booths available if you're lucky. The bar in this area is the second best place to get drinks. The atmosphere here is a little more romantic than the other rooms. On the other side is the more "sports-bar" feel. This is a pretty chill place to hang out, with seats lined up and available bartenders. If you're coming in a big group and want to talk, this is the best place to be. The top floor is ridiculous in so many ways! I like to call this area the "sweat room" since it's where everyone is dancing and getting down, which adds to the terrible air circulation up there.--it literally feels like it's a sauna up there.  There's also a bar up here, but I find this the most inconvenient of them all. Overall, if this is a fun place to be.TIME offers a great atmosphere and friendly service- heck even the bouncer is nice. However, it is very crowded and there is little space to enjoy they absinthe drink. Also I am not a fan of the cover charge, as the drinks are pricey.Upon walking in there are two sides, a whiskey bar and a jazz bar. The whiskey bar is is very nice and rustic. Great selection of drinks and knowledgeable staff. The jazz bar is awesome too. A bit more classy and "lounge-y." I was there on a Friday night and there was an awesome New Orleans type band.
If you want a change of scenery you can go upstairs. There was a DJ playing music with a good sized dance floor area
Have been quite a few times and definitely will be back when in the areaTome can be a fun place to go out. I like that there is an upstairs and downstairs - breaking out a more chill area with a dance floor. Drinks are decently priced. Kind of college like to meet people on the dance floor - so that is a pro or con depending on what you are looking for. I havent had to deal with a line which is a big positive for me. And it wasn't overly packed so you can actually talk to people.Very nice ambiance! Were just there for drinks. Exhaustive whiskey list. Live music is a bonusWent with a friend who lives in Philly and goes here often.  The bartenders were awesome. So on top of it. The way a professional bartender should be. We had a delish absinthe drink with the entire spectacle- spoons, sugar, everything. And they band playing on the jazz side was unreal. This is a GREAT Philly hang out!Great music. Always a good crowd. Prices are a bit high, but you are paying for the great tunes. There is a second room for the other type of bar music you would expect to hear at a bar, and younger crowd. But why listen to that when you got live tunes right?We were looking for a jazz place in Philly that was family friendly for our 16yo to join us. 'Time' didnt disappoint. Our daughter loved the Jazz Jam Session that evening with us and the food/service was extraordinary!Ate dinner here on a Saturday night.  Had a reservation and they had our table for us as soon as we got there, i know crazy, a restaurant actually not making you wait for you reservation.   The atmosphere in the dining area is great.  Dark room, chill people, nice LIVE jazz music.  Really puts you at ease.  The beer and whiskey selection will satisfy any avid drinker of each adult beverage.   I tried the Thomas Jefferson Strong Ale as well as the Piraat IPA Amber Triple, Belgian IPA.  Both were excellent.  For 10.5% abv IPA, the Piraat was one of the smoothest IPAs I've ever had.
The Food:  Started with the Risotto Balls (wild mushroom truffle sauce) and the Tator Tots.  Both were excellent, the Tots were full of flavor, albeit a bit salty, but that didn't stop me from shoveling them into my mouth. For my entree i went with the burger.  It comes with a side of fries.  The burger was very good, i had it cooked medium, first bite the juices flowed out, a good sign.  I destroyed it.  The fries, well, that's the reason this place didnt get 5 stars.  They give you a lot,  i would say that are in between thick cut and thin.  They were oily and soft.  No crisp at all, unless you ate the small bits.  I couldn't even eat them, MAJOR FAIL.   My wife got the mussels & frites.  Mussels were good but the sauce didn't have enough flavor for my liking.   
Overall i really enjoyed it here and would go back in a heartbeat, now learn how to cook some fries!!Stumbled on this place Sunday night because they had the windows open with live jazz. Live music every night, even Monday's! We had The seafood pasta and a salad with watermelon and feta, both were fantastic!This place was not my cup of tea. My friends and I came here to dance because we heard the upstairs gets pretty packed on the weekends. The problem was that it was TOO packed. You could barely move on the dance floor without getting elbowed or grinded on by a stranger. It was nearly impossible to get a drink at the bar. And the crowd was mixed, but pretty ratchet.. just an odd group of people. The music was weird.. eh, just not a fan. Waste of $5 cover and $3 coat check.I went to Time on a wet summery night this past weekend. Everyone ordered absinthe and I - being the great pragmatist - also ordered some appetizers. 
Absinthe: not a fan, but that's probably just personal - not a huge anise lover. They certainly had a selection and the waitstaff seemed quite knowledgeable. 
Food: definitely a gastro-pub selection of gourmet bar food. Even though we ordered at close to midnight, they were still prompt and the food was quite good but again it was close to midnight or one and after a few drinks, cardboard pizza becomes review-worthy. 
Ambiance: Okay, I'm a sucker for live music - especially when that live music is a band that samples a little jazz, a little funk, and a little reggae. The music wasn't just foot-tapping worthy, it was downright hot - but then again, I'm pretty easy to please.
Overall - not bad, the music certainly helped leave a favorable impression. The people were forgettable, the absinthe and music was not.Weird food items on the menu, but good weird. When I ordered I didn't know waft to expect but everything tasted good and was well done! Excellent cocktails and a good beer selection too.Live music jazz bar- turn left.
Whisky bar- turn right.
I have been there twice so far, both in the whisky bar. I took a peek of the jazz bar, they have live music every night and it's usually packed. The whisky bar is slower but nice and relaxing, they have a big bar so usually it's not a problem to find a spot. They have a wide whisky selection, from under $10 to $68 a glass. The bartender is nice and friendly. I like place for a low key night, watch some sports and listen to music.Food was ok and live music was a nice touch but a little too dark and the service was just ok. Food is priced in the upper medium range but it was really the people around me who made me feel like I needed to get out of there. Save yourself the money and go to the whiskey bar next door and get a burger.This will always be my go-to dance spot if I'm in a group where half want live music and the other half want a DJ.  You get the best of both worlds here.
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it since I've been coming here for many years now, albeit infrequently.  I actually wish I came here more, but sometimes it does get WAY too packed inside and then if you're stuck in a long line outside in the cold because they're at capacity, you kinda wanna give up and go somewhere a little more lowkey. I can vouch for the bouncer situation people complain about- if you get there early enough before the crowds, you probably won't deal with much bullshit, but if you come at midnight with a large group, it can be a hassle.  I presume they're just done dealing with peoples' drunk nonsense by that point (and truly are at capacity since it's pretty damn full in there), but it can be kinda off-putting.  Cover is only $5 for girls, though, which is nice.
Why 4 stars then?  Well, the music here is just too good and the 3 different rooms, each with its own vibe, really take the cake for me.  
WHISKEY BAR:  Plus side- this is great if you want music only as background noise and are looking to simply drink and talk without shouting over one another.  And even though it looks crowded, always get your drink here first as the wait here really isn't bad at all (next door and upstairs are much longer waits for drinks).  Down side- it has morphed into douchebag central- hoards of men in groups who will grab your tit at the bar (this has happened before, which is why I steer clear of this general area).
UPSTAIRS: Plus side- it's a non-pretentious, fun, dancy, grimy, dark, disco light nightclub- somehow you think you'll never make it through the sea of people but just venture a bit and you'll manage to find a spot to plant yourself and dance.  Most times the music is just right- a perfect blend of throwback hiphop and reggaeton peppered with mainstream rap and the occasional top 40 pop hit. Down side- it's much harder getting drinks up here since it's full of people dancing and sweating and the bar is much tinier.  Sometimes it's so hot, it's unbearable- DON'T wear long pants here if you can avoid it.  The bathroom smell can waft its way through the dance floor also.
JAZZ BAR:  Plus side- this is my favorite part by far.  It's not just that annoying saxophone riff jazz or smooth piano elevator music jazz- it's completely elevated and funky and rock and roll with hints of reggae.  The Living Sample was the band last night (I think they're the resident house band but I'm not positive) and they are just amazing.  I don't know if they plan the music or if it's all improvised like a jam band, but either way, it works.  The combo of drums, keyboard, bass, and electric jazz guitar with no vocals or shitty covers makes for a really great night out if you're craving something other than a generic DJ pressing play.  If you manage to snag a table, a server will come around so you don't need to go to the bar for drinks which is always nice.  Down side- the dining tables along the back wall and by the window PLUS the way too gigantic bar makes for zero room to move and dance.  You kinda have to awkwardly just tap your foot and bump your head and even then, you feel like you're right on top of the people trying to eat dinner who now have absolutely no view of the band.  Not set up in the best way possible, but it's still a fun time.
The crowd here is diverse in age and I love it- I'm in my late 20's and I brought someone in their early 30's here, plus my 68-year-old aunt who had a blast.  I saw gray-haired single men hitting on women my age, old married couples enjoying a glass of wine with their live music, freshly 21-year-olds, well-dressed business types in their 30's, and flannel-clad music aficionados.  This place really has something for everyone.This was the last stop on my restaurant/pub crawl with my husband. We got ID'd at the door, which was the first time that had happened that day- no big deal. When you walk in, you can go to the right which is the bar or the left which is the restaurant. Bar for us! If you like whiskey, this is the place for you. A LOT OF WHISKEY! I personally wanted something lighter, so I went with a glass of Prosecco, but no one judged me. My husband had one of their signature cocktails, #Selfie. He said it was great an ordered another, but I wouldn't even try it since I hate that song. 
We ordered food and it was actually pretty good. I had a fried chicken sandwich. It came with amazing fries! The chicken was very crispy. There was chipotle may and slaw in the sandwich also, which I was hoping would give a little moisture to it, but I think the massive amount of bread soaked it all up. Don't get me wrong, the bun was very good, I just think there was too much of it. My husband had the shrimp and grits. The gits were actually cubes of fried grits, which was pretty cool. He loved it, but I just think it was a very small portion. Good thing he had my fries to eat!
They also do Absinthe here. And what I mean by "do" is that water drips out of a large standing vessel through a spout onto a sugar cube that sits atop a special absinthe spoon, laid over your glass of absinthe. It's like a show! Will definitely get it next time, just so I can have the experience. 
Overall- I'LL BE BACK!i like this place because you can do a little bit of everything. i love to dance and this is one of the best places that i've been where you can just go and dance without having to worry about people around you/ do whatever you want. It's dark, can get sweaty adn sticky, but they have a great music selection and vey down to earth, non pretentious ambiance where you can just go and have fun. if it gets too hot upstairs, u can always come down to take a break in the whiskey bar or the jazz bar area, or fancy it out with a glass of wine.I first went here on a date, and I went again to see a friend perform with a live jazz band during New Year's Eve. Time always features talented musicians. I had a great time on both occasions. 
I love the dimly lit decor; the big chandelier and clocks are also really nice touches.
This place is definitely a bit more upscale than the average bar. Everyone there is well dressed and for the most part, well behaved ;)
I never had food here, but I was impressed with their beer selection. I'm a huge fan of dark beers and stouts, and Time a had a good representation of those, whereas other places just seem to focus more on IPA's. The imperial stout I had was awesome.
I also had a cocktail made with gin and brut champagne that was quite tasty. 
Prices are pretty standard for a center city joint. 
I'm planning on bringing more of my friends here at some point!The shrimp and grits is delicious!!!  Can't attest for the music. We went during happy hour and at at the bar.   Couldn't hear the music in the other room.This is definitely one of those places that you think is going to be some hole in the wall, but when you walk in you have this "woah" moment when you notice the decor is actually nice and you feel like you should have dressed up a little more.  I sat near the jazz band with a friend, so while it was great to enjoy the music, it was a challenge to talk.  The drink selection was decent and the food looked good enough that I'll come back to try it (and possibly add another star!)
Invite your friends and laugh when one of them says "i wonder why there are so many clocks on the wall."Looking for a unique bar to visit when in Philadelphia, this is the place! Had the pleasure of visiting this place during its lively weekend with live music, great drinks, and wonderful service. I recommend going for something different like the 'Absinthe', the taste is very different but the way it is served  is a part of the experience. The staff was very knowledgeable, kind, and checked in regularly.We had an after work function on the second floor and it was perfect!  The bartender was super attentive for our rowdy corporate bunch thirsty for open bar cocktails (the champagne cocktail was definitely my fav - the grapefruit was perfection in this. I opted to have the bartender not do a whole sugar lump in my next several drinks because it was so sweet for me - but very good. 
We ordered several types of heavy apps that were all wonderful. The best thing I had was either the fried chicken slider (it was almost like a small chickfila sandwich cooked to perfection), beef tenderloin of some sort on baguette slices and truffle mushroom bites with some sort of cheese - the combination was magical.
I would love to come back here for a proper dinner after trying these things!!I stop by this place occasionally to enjoy a night out in a very relaxed atmosphere.  They do have live music most of the time and it's pretty chill to just watch a little, listen to the music, and chat with your friends sipping your beer or wine.  The layout is tiny but i find it somewhat romantic under the dim lights with the decor of a wine cabinet/ wall.
Tip: if you plan on eating dinner or have a hangout session... make sure you make a reservation b/c each time i go, the tables are always taken.We arrived at Time and were given an amazing table in the live jazz bar area.  Our waiter was really great, gave us the time we wanted and made some great recommendations for whiskeys to try...Which were delicious.  When we were ready for dinner we had the oysters which were clean and sweet.  We also had the kale salad with gorgeous morsels of autumn squash that was presented so beautifully.  For our entrees, we had shrimp and grits with just the right kick to it, and a really decadent mac and cheese. Normally I hate restaurant mac and cheese, but the fontina cheese was light and not salty at all.  There were chunks of bacon in it that felt like a prize when you got one. Not at all overdone.  The music was great, the room was lively, and the overall vibe was great.  I'm sad to be leaving Philly but I will definitely come back when I return.Best place ever! Great music, food, staff and the drinks are phenomenal. Can't miss joint that serves a full menu until 1am Sun-Thurs. Packed house and a dance club upstairs on Friday and Saturday. If you have friends from out of town or you just want to have a great time this is THE place to come in Philadelphia.Review of UPSTAIRS:
I am 32 and went to Time to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday. We did not have trouble at the door. And there is a line to get in - you're lucky the cover is only $5 if it were more then there would be less people.
As every review states it gets packed upstairs. Hot, sweaty, and very difficult to get to the bar for a drink. I left without closing my tab because I did not want to push my way through the sea of sweaty bodies. Plus, I was unaware of the coat check and my jacket was stolen containing car & house keys. A ghetto move by a Time patron. The clientele is overall non impressive.The best burgers - cheese & bacon with a side of fabulous fries enough for 4 people. I have them swap it for caesar salad, equally as delicious but fewer calories. 
Not only do I think the food rates 5 stars but most of the attendees of my Erotic Literary Salon (meeting there for over 7 years) feel the same. We meet upstairs at TIME's Bohemian Absinthe Lounge, third Tuesday of every month. www.theEroticliterarysalon.comI am not sure if I ever reviewed this place.   I go here every New Year's day.  If you like great whiskey, this is the place to go.   Great atmosphere too.  It might get a little pricy for some people, but you know what, for me, it is worth it.Incredible tap and whiskey selection. Cool location. Surly but funny bartender. Horrible band.
Check it out, pretty cool if you are in the area or are staying at a downtown hotel and dont want to go to an out of towner bar.I felt a little underdressed when I went here, even though I was wearing a nice summer dress and cute flats. It was just a slightly fancier atmosphere than I was expecting--the decor is really nice, all dark woods and exposed stone, and the upstairs at night definitely has a swanky club feel. 
Still, I had a really great time at Time. The gin and tonic I had was serviceable, the absinthe was nasty, but really, where else was I going to be able to have the opportunity to even try it? I danced, watched a bachelorette party making idiots out of themselves, laughed, and stayed later than I was expecting to.
Next time I'll have to try the food, but for a night of drinks and dancing, Time was a pleasant surprise.Went to the bar side for a quick drink and a bite to eat with some friends. They had some great beers on tap and the wings were quite tasty. I thought the food was a bit pricy but I'd def go back.Ludwig's Garten.  How I miss you so.  You were dusty, dark and dreary, you always had much German beer to share.   Time took you over, and though it took me some time (eh, sorry) to get over the loss, I started to come to terms with your departure and made some effort to get to know your new occupant a little better.
This what I learned:
New place isn't so bad, in fact, it's rather grown on me.  I avoid the upstairs club (or Absinthe lounge or the 3rd concept in a 3 concept bar - oh brother!) room at all costs and you'll never find me waiting in line to get in to the establishment - but both the more casual whiskey and wine bar are places I've started to frequent more often than I give you credit for.
My very favorite are Friday Jazz nights that start at happy hour and go late. (big improvement from the Bavarian Beer Hall's greatest hits) - There is always a lot of talent and good tunes.  Beer (not as good as you Ludwig, I swear), wine (lots of them by the glass) and whiskey options a plenty - with a few great signature cocktails - Great, thorough, good drinking menu all around - 
Also not to be missed is my green fairy, ma chère Absinthe.  They offer 5 delicious (knock-you-on-your-ass) options and these are best enjoyed with others. 
Menu options each time, have yet to impress me.   Though I haven't tried everything on the menu, nothing I've had so far has hit out of the park (like your bratwurst, Ludwig, those were the bomb) Even hard to mess-up risotto balls, were flavorless (the sauce redeemed it, a bit) and desperately needed salt.
Service is pleasant, helpful, albeit always a little busy.  (and Ludwig, no lederhosen to be seen here, I can assure you)
All in all - it's a fine place to catch some live jazz and booze it up, whichever side of Time you should choose.Had selections from bar menu.  Deviled eggs and fried chicken sandwich. Great music! Great food! Great for before or after a show.Charge for the entry and give less change than it supposed to be. 
Upstairs is crowded and sweaty.I went to Time with my boyfriend on Valentines day and had an excellent time. 
I read the reviews and was admittedly a bit disappointed by their ratings - I feel on yelp that sometimes people go into a bar or restaurant and give a low rating because it didn't match their expectations. Why would you go to a place like this an not order whisky or absinthe and then get hung up on a $5 cover and complain about something fickle like the fries when this place has so much more to offer??? Its doing a unique place like this a disservice.
So I wanted to clarify a few things on the restaurant side, we did not go upstairs: We were not charged a cover. There were no lines. We arrived at 8 and there was live music and it was lovely and the perfect pitch. The bar wasn't crowded and we were able to sit and chat comfortably for over 2 hours without feeling rushed.
Our server was super nice. He recommended adding ice cream with our  Remy Martin to the effect of Amaretto over vanilla. I got the mussels which had awesomesauce pool at the bottom and we got the fanciest bacon-dusted tator tot presentation I had ever seen.
The drink selection is amazing. My boyfriend and I are trying to get into different scotches, whiskeys and bourbons and this was a fantastic way to sample an extensive variety that we wouldn't ordinarily come across. We got Laphroaig Quarter Cask and Macallan Oak Aged 15 years ordered neat and the waiter brought over a glass of cubes 'just in case'. They even had Philadelphia Brewing Company Kilty Pleasure on draft! For me, that is libation selection heaven.
So, I wholeheartedly recommend this place, if you come for dinner on a  weekday and you're a beer and whisky snob with a predilection for novel gastropub fare.I felt like I was in NOLA! I stood at the opened window and listened and watched great music and bad ass musicians gig! No cover baby. Philadelphia representedTime has 3 personalities - as you enter the front door and hang a right, there is a dark, comfy whiskey room. Always a great tap selection and shelves full of great liquors. They are also purveyors of absinthe. If you hang a left when you come in, there's a more formal dining area where live jazz plays about every night. The bartenders and waitresses are very, very attentive and helpful if you are undecided about a meal or drink and they are all really cool people. (It's kind of a mandate with the hiring manager)
I've been going here for years, onacounta, it's practically across the street from our offices. The menu is pretty extensive and offers plenty of options to the carnivore and vegmasters alike. The burgers have received the accolades of all of my friends, so they must be great. (I'm a veg) I had the mac-n-cheese which is really tasty. Their pub grub is great as well, their fries and roasted beets are good starters if you're just hanging at the bar. Other raves from friends include the salmon and duck.
Great atmosphere. Great people. The staff have great nicknames that fit their personalities like Biscuit, Butters, Dynamite, etc.
Oh, the third personality shows up on the weekends. Go straight up the stairs after a substantial wait in line for some hot, sweaty dancing and drinking. Debauchery abounds.
Enjoy.Time is hit or miss. I usually go for dancing (usually a girls night or a birthday) and most of the time I've left feeling slightly buzzed but not overly impressed. The DJ is odd and plays some unique music which I enjoy to an extent but sometimes I just want some current or old school top 40 hits played. The crowd is usually a great mix although I've been there once at 11:30pm on a Friday during April and it was DEAD (as in 6 people were there and no one was dancing).
Try it out but don't expect to be blown away or have the time of your life.Me and my wife came here for Valentine's day and I must say we were both so impressed by not only the delicious food, but the service was excellent and the atmosphere was perfect. Romantic, candle lite, live music that set the mood just right. I can't wait to go back, deff a must experience. Oh and not to mention their crazy whiskey menu and awesome absinthe experience.I've been to Time twice in recent times now -- first for Erin C.'s UYE in September, and then last night. For both visits, I had the gin cocktail, which is really-really potent. Also tried some whiskey during the first visit, since it's a whiskey bar and what-not. 
In terms of food, I probably wouldn't recommend the fried chicken sandwich. There wasn't much in way of flavor. The fries were good, though, and what you'd expect from a bar.
An hour after arriving, we headed out since it was becoming a sardine-land. I really, really do not enjoy feeling like it's hard to breathe in a bar. When we exited, there was a line down the street!
I'd recommend for drinks and earlier stops in the night; not so much for food or late nights.A friend and I popped in here for a random Friday happy hour, and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. While I understand the appeal of Time, it really is not my favorite place for going out, but they have a great happy hour. Cheap drinks (Champagne Martini!) and a nice selection of snacks made the two of us very happy. While I would not frequent Time outside of Happy Hour, I definitely would not mind returning.We came here for drinks/dinner. Food was AMAZING! I had the short ribs and he had the duck. Both were great, the bread pudding was to die for. Our server Omar, was fantastic, very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  Would definitely recommend Time.Came to Philly on a business trip.  Coincidentally during restaurant week... tried to find a good bar/restaurant to eat dinner... walked a few blocks on 13th, stumbled across Time so we decided to pop in... walked in and was surprised they had ONE open table and omg how pretty it was inside!... started with a mimosa and the house bread with chive butter....AMAZING! Ordered a bar burger with cheese fries... ABSOLUTELY FREAKIN DELICIOUS.... simply delicious... great burger flavor... cheese fries were on damn point!!! Loved every bite of everything!!! If I lived here I would frequent! There was live jazz band doing their thang in the corner. Super ambiance!!!! This place has a super staff with wonderful attitudes! Come to Cali...please!!!!Interesting ambiance, laid back vibe and plenty of personal space. Good selection of beers, wines and whiskeys. We only came in for drinks but whatever was cooking smelled really good so we'll be coming back for a proper meal.really love this place. I fell in love with the decor the first time that I came. The bartender was awesome. I had  calamari which was very good. The band that was playing was great nobody  wanted  them to end, so we just kept saying "come on one more" and they did one more which turned into three songs. If  you are the type of person who is into a laid back, cool, jazz and jazzy, stylish type of place then this is the place for you. This is an great place if you are going out solo or with a few friendsTime is essentially three different bars in one. When you enter, go to the left for a classy atmosphere with live Jazz on the weekends; go to the right for a casual bar feeling, and go upstairs to get ratchet.You can have great music, great booze, great food, great service....but if you have an a@@hole at the door then your place turns to shit. It is clear from my experience and the reviews the past few days that the new bouncer at Time is a grade A a@@hole who thrives harassing people. Please make are you carry a Pennsylvania state id or your passport. The dimwit will not accept out of state ids too. He is just doing his job so make sure you don't spoil your night because of stupid things. Don't laugh in line, don't make jokes. Be dead serious when you walk up to him, show your id, don't smile. You may be allowed to enter. Unfortunate...really liked this place...never again!The upstairs bar is one of our go-to spots for late night dancing for those nights you really just need to let loose with ya girls. Expect some sticky floors, cheap drinks mixed with some griminess but bumpin music-especially is you go on hip hop and rap throwback nights! 
The downstairs bars are delightful. One side is a cozy area where you can listen to live music and snack on apps and the other is more of a whiskey. Drinks are pretty good on either side.I've been here twice specifically to drink; $6 wells. I come here for the variety of different atmospheres. Left hand side when you walk in has live music, food, and is a bit more quiet. Tonight was the first time I went to this side, the band played some pretty random acoustic versions of Big Poppa and Footloose. 
Right hand side is a whisky bar that gets a little bit more packed and sweaty around 10:00pm. The stairwell opens up around 9:00pm and there is a huge dance floor on the 2nd floor. Make sure you come here before 9pm to avoid the cover charge.Really awesome bar in Philly. There are two rooms, one is more casual with TVs and the other is a little trendier and usually has a band. I would recommend the room with the band. So many drinks to choose from and lots of different types of whiskey and scotch. There's always live music and the people who play are wonderful. The fries and mac and cheese are amazing.Romantic place with great live music and good food. Had duck confit and it was great! We were here last year and loved it; so searched for it and came back for this year's visit to Philly.I am a touring musician and I find myself in different cities regularly. I had some down time in Philly last month and wanted to check out the local music scene. I heard a lot of positive things about Time, so I grabbed a guitar and headed down. I got there early to order a drink and take in my surroundings. The bartenders were attentive and friendly. The host of the open mic however, was a pompous entitled art school drop out ass hole. I am not the type of guy to drop the "do you know who I am" line, and this situation was no different. I asked the guy about a list and he basically mocked me. To say that this place let me down is an understatement. The point of an open mic is to allow payers of all calibers the opportunity to log some stag time, and my intention was to jam with some local talent. The guy with the pony tail is the rudest most entitled open mic host I have ever come across, and I made it a point to spread the word amongst the good players I know in the area. Never again.I really dig this place but find it unbearably packed with douchey guys and dumb girls on the weekends, so I prefer to hit up he Whiskey Bar or the other side with live music during the week when it isn't so busy. Problem is, Time is s awesome that even the weekdays are filling up. There is something for everyone there and I like the atmosphere. I have yet to eat there, but that will be my next venture. The bartenders are friendly and knowledgable for the most part. It's definitely a good timeI've made a few visits here at different times of day. The live music in the evening added quite a bit of charm. Definitely big points for the atmosphere. The drinks were well prepared but felt a little overpriced compared to what else is available in the area.Dynamite spot to check-out.  Not much of a place to eat, but looking for a spot to have a drink or two and listen to some live music, this is the place. The band that was playing on April 23rd was funky, gave a great performance
So if u are Visiting Philly, got to take time to go to the Time.Visited a buddy in Philly for his birthday and we all went out to Time.  This place was where it's at.  The bottom level was a jazz bar.  Live jazz in a somewhat chaotic but fun dining room.  Dark wood lined the walls and there was a really cool chandelier that covered almost the whole room.  On the second floor a DJ was playing top 40 beats and the crowd was dancing wildly.  Younger crowd upstairs and a mixed crowded downstairs.  Only complaint is this place got packkked.... but that's something to expect from a good place... especially one that serves $3 beers all night on a Friday... maybe it's because I'm from New York, but damn, that's CHEAP!The restaurant side offers a trendy but peaceful atmosphere with a tasteful wine & beer list. The menu is delicate and tasty although I'm not getting the "Vegetarian Bouillabaisse" (total incoherence for the French person I am).
I, actually don't think Time should be listed as a Lounge only, there are 3 concepts in one and the West side got its stars as a restaurant.FUN place. Fabulous whisky selection. Can sit in main dining room and her nice live jazz. Can order from dinner menu or more reasonably priced bar menu. GREAT French fries. Delicious La Colombe coffee. Great homemade ice cream. Especially the coconut. Tyler (server) was knowledgeable about whiskies and made great recommendations to my husband. Casual dress on a SAT nite.Great burger and frilled octopus. Will definitely return!!I have mixed reviews about the food.  I had the duck breast with chick peas. My duck was amazing, but the chick pea nuggets were slighly revolting.  The serving size of my very pricey dish was tiny.  I found myself stealing the fries of my neighbors due to my abject hunger.  
Bottom line: The jazz was refreshing and  I had a great time sitting near the window while watching and being watched. I would return and stick to the huge portioned inexpensive bar food and whiskey drinks. Did I say the drinks were amazing?Cool Times!!! Great bartender. Bar area was packed on a Saturday night was approached as soon we squeezed in a space. Only stopped in for a quick one but will return. Food that was passing by looked delicious!Great beer bar in downtown Philly. We came here for drinks before dinner. Plenty of craft ales from Philadelphia, the mid-Atlantic, and Belgium. Prices were about par with NYC. The Victory Bell Ringer IPA was pretty righteous.
Bartender was friendly. Jazz band was cool, even if we weren't paying too much attention. Get yours sudz on here.I love this place.  The shots of Jameson are huge.  Both upstairs and downstairs, while completely different, are so fun and always with diverse and plentiful crowds.  The upstairs DJ is always awesome to listen to.  Your best bet on a Friday/Saturday night on a budget is a $3.25 Miller High Life.
I will keep going back as it's truly one of Philadelphia's hottest night spots.Friendly staff and good food. We arrived late to Philly and they were about to close the kitchen until we told them about our travel there. They were glad to help us get a meal and a drink. 
If they have the seared duck breast, you must get this. It is the best I have ever had!  Needless to say we went back almost every night we were in PhillyI really enjoyed my Time experience.  We got there around 6 to get the happy hour deals and I was a bit disappointed that the dining room was so completely empty.  A few more tables were filled while we were there, but it was still empty by the time we left.  I guess people come for the club upstairs.
That said, the happy hour deals are awesome!  The most delicious $5 mac and cheese with perfect BBQ pulled pork on top.  We also got the happy hour onion rings, champagne cocktails, and moscow mules.  All delicious.
We shared the mussels for our entree.  They were good, but it was an odd way to do mussels - WAY too much parsley.  They came with a huge plate of fries and the best hollandaise sauce EVER.
A quite talented (the singer's voice was perfect for jazz) 3-piece jazz band started playing at 6.  Combined with the candlelight, it made for some lovely ambiance.This place was completely empty when my bf and I came in on a Sunday evening around 6 ish but it was really cold out so maybe thats why. The bar is really large with an upstairs and downstairs so I hope they usually haev more customers to utilize the space.
The beer selection was fine. We also had oysters and fries. Everything was good, but nothing really special in my opinion.I was in Philly for a site visit and met up with one of our vendors at this place.  Great live music, fun atmosphere and supposedly they have an absinthe bar which one of my other vendors said is suppose to be amazing... i'll check it out next year when i'm hear for my meeting.  Also went the next night and it was "open mic" with a bunch of very talented bands and singers.  I recommend it for sure. (good drinks and friendly wait staff)The jazz side is perfect for the 35 and upwards crowd.  Deviled eggs and cheese plate were fantastic!  The service impeccable.  The beer and wine list are eclectic and interesting.  Try this place.I really enjoyed this restaurant.  We stopped in for a late dinner while I was in town on business.  The setting was lovely, and the music was great.  It was loud, but not so loud you couldn't talk.  We got the mac and cheese as an appetizer, and let me tell you, I could have eaten about a pound of that stuff.  Mac and cheese with pulled pork?  Recipe for success. For dinner I got the Arctic Char.  It was delicious.  Tender, flavorful, and was served with some sort of pastrami glaze and lattkes, which was definitely an interesting combination.  My fiance got the bouillabaisse which he devoured.  He was also impressed by the whiskey selection.  We both did wish the portions were a bit larger, but overall were very pleased with our meal.  The atmosphere was great and romantic, the music was perfect, and the food and alcohol were all top notch.  We would definitely go back!Stopped in for a late night drink with a friend. The beer selection is respectable, as is the cocktail menu. The standout here is the live jazz music. There was no cover on the night I went, and the band played 2 or 3 sets. 
For those not into jazz, there's a second bar that quieter and an upstairs with a dj. I didn't order food during this visit, but have had some good snacks here in the past. Not a place for a fancy dinner, but definitely solid upscale bar food.Went to Time for New Years Eve. Had a great time. The room to the right had a bar with TVs showing some sports; the room to the left had a live band. Upstairs was a DJ, some couches, a dance floor & some cocktail tables. So there seemed to be something for everyone. Drinks were reasonably priced and were good. I wish I was able to get my bartender's name; the bar staff was great. Very attentive and on top of their game for it being such a busy night. I would def go back for a night out.Do not come here with a big party! 
My friend and I planned a get together here to celebrate our birthdays. We called ahead to make sure we could do it and they said they don't take reservations but we could show up and cover doesn't start til 11.  We got there early to stake out a spot upstairs but there was a fundraiser going on. We didn't mind sharing the space but then the $5 suggested donation became a $5 cover. The 40 people we invited were accosted at the door and told to pay or to leave. I complained to someone because we were not warned about this and I couldn't tell 40 people that we were changing the  venue. About 15 minutes later 2 men came upstairs. One was a big burly guy who tried to use scare tactics and told us that we had to leave. Then he pointed to the other guy and said he was the owner. The owner said he had booked the space for this charity and we would have to pay or leave. When we explained that we had called weeks in advance and that we checked the internet site that day he still told us to leave. We argued for quite a while before the owner finally gave up. I told them to just tell my friends that the charity was trying to raise money but don't tell them there is a cover. They still did charge some of my friends but I couldn't really do anything about it. 
DO NOT BRING A LARGE PARTY HERE. You never know when the owner will decide to book his friend's party and kick you out of one of the spaces in the restaurant.Haven't been for food, but a great dance bar upstairs, albeit a little crowded.  It's everything that Ladder aspires to be!  No cover last night and a good crowd...I have been here a few times and have been impressed with the layout and the music but never by the food.  There were very few vegetarian things on the old menu and even less on the new one. 
On this most recent trip, I ordered the acorn squash and my boyfriend ordered a beer, deviled eggs and the rabbit. 
The service:  The waiter repeated my order back and then my boyfriend ordered, they had a long discussion about the rabbit and then he repeated his order. Why am I telling you this? Well, because when it came time for the meal to come out, mine was nowhere to be found. The waiter told me this was my fault because clearly I should have made sure he repeated my order. Oh wait, he did. He said it would be out in five minutes, thirty minutes later my plate came out. When he realized his mistake, the waiter told us he would take a percentage off. Then he came back and said they would take off half my meal. Oh wow! Half!  Seriously?! In the end it wasn't even half and I left a shitty tip for the shit service. 
The food:  I couldn't tell if the whipped tofu was even in the dish because all I could taste was the squash.  The squash also had a tough skin still on it so boo on that. The anise stars were delish. The rabbit was greasy and there were only a few tiny pieces of it but my boyfriend said it was good for what it was. 
Atmosphere: great bar, great jazz
Verdict:  I won't go back here to eat. Ever. Drinks and jazz yes.As someone who craves variety and stimulation, Time really made me fall in love. There was jazz, top 40, and hip hop all in one place! It was super fun and extremely crowded but I had a wonderful time. I wish there was more than one bartender at the upstairs bar but you can't win them all. If you're in town visiting and looking for a place to go, stop through Time!I've been to Time on a couple occasions and it's quickly becoming one of my favorite spots to go! I've only eaten here once but the food is pretty good and there are some great food options on their happy hour menu in addition to drink specials.
I've also enjoyed the live music they've had when I was there.
The rest of this is more of a venting session about some people here:
My last trip was some what ruined by the annoying group of hipsters next to our table, though. Really it was just one specific girl with her big glasses, weird hat, and strange sweater who raved and raved about different food choices she was looking forward to then realizing it wasn't even the right place she was thinking of (only after complaining to the waiter who insisted none of that was ever here and he's been working there for 5 years). There was also a group of guys who joined them and one talked about how he was in med school and this and that and completely failed at getting it in with hipster girl's friend while hipster girl was totally lookin' for a boning.
Thank you for reading if you made it this far!