If you haven't been here yet, there is some TING WONG with you. Ok, I promise that's the last cheap Asian joke I'll make in this review. Speaking of cheap - this place! 4 of us had dinner with leftovers for $14 each!
When I'm sick I get super Asian and all I want is jook (aka congee)- a rice porridge. It's Asia's chicken noodle soup and Ting Wong does it well, with big flavorful chicken pieces. You can tell it's good because almost everyone (Asian) was eating this (and most people looked healthy). I'll have to come back for breakfast when they have the fried dough to dip in it (yep, Chinese people eat rice for breakfast).
We also really enjoyed the roast duck and roast pork and spare ribs. Clearly they do meat well here (just look at all the delicious looking meat hanging in the window). They even have Peking duck! (They have the pillowy mini taco type, not the crepe kind).
Service is not their strong suit, but the food comes out super fast and I appreciate our waitress talking us out of getting the wet chow fun and recommending the dry. What I don't appreciate is having to hunt our waiter down for water and having them offer us forks (what an insult!). They take credit card and are BYOB.'
Ting Wong, you'll be seeing me again, hopefully in full health next time, but definitely also when I'm sick again.They got shut down by health department before. But hey I still come here and it's busy as ever soooo what does that say about the food LOLBest and most reliable food in Chinatown. Perfect roast pork, great wonton soup and amazing ribs. My favorite meal here is breakfast. Can't wait to come back and try the lobster and duck buns.Good food and friendly restaurant. You have to try the BBQ duck. Fried noodles also tasty.Some friends and I went to Ting Wong for a quick bite to eat. I was a little hesitant at first, but now I'm glad we went. 
I ordered beef with string beans, which is also served with white rice. For the price ($5), it was certainly a lot of food! The meat was flavorful and the string beans were crisp. The sauce was yummy. I'll be back to try more dishes!CASH ONLY!!!!! I did pick up. The food was okay. It was all fairly bland, to be honest. It was so cheap though. The best things I had were the duck and roast pork. They actually had GREAT flavor, but the portion was tiny. The rest of the dishes were forgettable and I won't order them again (beef chow fun, lo mein noodles, and sesame chicken)This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, where I now live, but I have been coming there way before that... It is no frills, but the food is great, as are the prices! The duck and the soy chicken are my favorites (I order the appetizers without the rice). Their won tons are nice and thin and very good. Great fried rice too. They are also very efficient. Highly recommended.Ting Wong is my go to place if I want something filling yet affordable. When I go here, I would usually order the duck and wonton noodle soup but I've had other items on the menu like the pork blood congee and the seafood pan fried noodle. If its your first time here, I would recommend one of the noodle soup. The broth is very light with a little hint of flavor but its recommended that you eat the noodles with a little piece of meat and broth. The saltiness from the meat will balance out the broth.The food was so good..  the dumpling were the best .. general Tso chicken so yummyyyy!!!  Friendly staff!Quick and simple place to grab a bite, the service there is straight to the point. The food is always good. I usually order the rice with meat options or one of their delicious soups.LOVED IT!  Food was excellent and plentiful.  Staff was courteous and helpful.  Prices were just right.  Would definitely go back!!Pretty good Chinese food. The prices were very reasonable. I tried the congee with duck and the chicken lo mien. The chicken lo mien had a nice smoky flavor, which takes me back to Texas. The congee was okay, I'd never had it before so I didn't know what to expect.Mon endroit préféré pour manger du porc rôti quand j'ai fini mes courses dans ChinaTown.
Le restaurant étant aussi une rôtisserie, c'est l'endroit idéal pour avoir un canard, poulet, ou porc rôti à la perfection. Les prix défient toute concurrence, le service est très efficace et le thé est offert par la maison.
à tester !!!Not fancy, however, genuine food, was amazing. Waiter told us what was good and what go stay away from. Was a great vending with friends and a ton of amazing food! Highly recommend!!Takeaway dumpling soup I had two weeks ago was really good (reason for raising ranking). Dumplings had shrimp (case anyone's wondering. Menu doesn't note that).One of mine & my family's favorite place to eat in Chinatown & in Philly.
The service is great & food comes out cook & hot. The price is good too.
We recently tried their HOT & SOUR soup anew as pretty happy with it. My mom has been trying to find a place with good hot & sour soup considering the only places we've gotten it for a while is at buffets.
We also always get a Tofu & Fish pot dish (man I wish I knew the English names for it), a soy sauce fried noodle (literally translated) & salty fish fried rice (literally translated).
My dad also likes the congee.
And ... I will be sure to get the English names for those dishes next time.Had the duck over noodles...yummy. Highly recommend. It is a little hole in the wall, but great food.Love their food! Usually get the roast duck or soy chicken with greens and steamed rice. Yummy, and be sure to add for a fried egg on top ;) :PI seldom give out 5 ESTRELLAS but this unsuspecting Chinese eatery in Philly's Chinatown beat those trendy restos - with massive lines of non Asians. I happened upon this place even after passing it 3 times and was hesitant to go in at first. There was one waitress who was literally juggling 8 tables at once with a regular stream of customers; large and small groups. I usually stick with what I know when it comes to Chinese food so I ordered the "beefu" although called something different in Philly and their home made steamed dumplings; both of which were DAMN GOOD. 
A lovely patron told me a little History about the resto and that it is as traditional as you can get. And oh my
gosh, the prices are unbelievable!!! Apparently they have a sister restaurant in NYC Chinatown! I must find it!!Ting Wong has got everything I need from a Chinese restaurant. Tasty, cheap, quick food. I don't know how "authentic" it is since I've never really been to China, but I do know it's much better than the greasy, bland food at my local "Chinese" restaurant. Ting Wong is a great place to stop in Chinatown when you want a hot meal. It's not fantastic, but the won ton soup is really tasty, the prices are very reasonable, and the some of the tables are big so you can bring all your friends. The waiters are helpful and fast. Every person I've gone here with has left satisfied. Did I mention it's cheap? It's cheap.I was just reminded about Ting Wong today when i read Craig Labann's review for the Inquirer. 
Ting Wong used to be my go-to spot for tasty meat over rice with a little veggie. It was the best day-after-the-party fix in my college years because the food was tasty and filling. And cheap, which helps after you spent too much on drinks the night before. 
There is a weird smell which i didn't notice until i took a couple of coworkers this past summer. But it doesn't keep me away, it just inspires me to get my food to-go.Excellent roast meats. On Sunday afternoon we saw a tray of freshly roasted pork come out and within an hour another fresh tray came out.
Service is a bit lacking, so I deducted a star for that. But that's not unexpected in this type of restaurant. You go there for good comfort food, not for service.  The place looks clean, and you don't often see that in Chinatown restaurants. 
I would definitely come back.Cheap breakfast. It's pretty standard tastin for eat coast Chinese food. The rice noodle with BBQ pork - noodles were way too think and squishy. Porridge was ok. The place is pretty grimy looking - hole in the wall place.
Our waitor had a permanent grease stain all on the back side of his red vest. Gross!Traditional and typical Hong Kong food. I love love their breakfast section. 肠粉好吃！It is not a good place to sit down and eat though, because there are so many people and they are always loud. However, the waiter was so rude!The service was very quick! The waiters don't understand English too well, but the manager is phenomenal at being multi-lingual.  Great service!! The barbecue pork over rice was alright, just a bit dry.  The black pepper beef, though, was phenomenal. It really was was sizzling in front of you and it was very tender! It was a bit hard to get it off of the bone, but overall, it was delicious.We love this place. We have come here more than any other restaurant in Philly. We are partial to their soups, duck, chicken or  congee soup my wife enjoys. We are never disappointed and the soup is a filling lunch. I am sure there are many other items to order, but we love their soup.You don't go to Ting Wong for the ambiance or the service, but if you want real, honest, traditional Chinese food, this is the place. We go here for breakfast all of the time. Their Ho Fun noodles are really fresh and their congee is addictive. Cheap, fast, delicious and satisfying. Cash Only!You can end up with bad Chinese food in Chinatown if you don't know where to go.
My bf and I ended up at Ting wong the first time we drove into Philly and we were very happy. 
The food here is solid home-style Cantonese food. The noodle-soups here are very popular, I like the noodles with roast pork. The wonton here is clean tasting and light. 
Remember, it's not fancy Chinese, just simply noodle soups and meats over rice.
The roast pork (char siu) is on the leaner side and thinly sliced, but are generous portions that come with your order.
A little pricer than NY chinatown, but average for Philly (aoubt $1 more for everything).Old fashioned Cantonese food.  4 or 5 cooks working up front.  Great looking duck, ribs and pork.  Large bowls of congee.  Had a large plate of Singapore Chow fun filled with shrimp, meats and veggies.  Only $7.75 including tax.  A tasty deal.  Will return.Oh wow I had not been here for years but decided to come here for a quick lunch with a friend.  I had a shrimp with bok choy lunch plate and he had the shrimp with egg sauce plate.  Both were good albeit a bit salty, but made with plenty of jumbo shrimp - all for less than $6 each.  We also split a shrimp rice noodle app.  Inclusive of tax and tip, it was about $16.  The portions were very generous and we had leftovers.  They also have barbeque chicken wings, which I was very glad to take home a lb. of ($7/lb).  Still a Chinatown classic after more than a decade!YUMYUMYUMYUM
Just got back from my first Ting Wong visit (with more to come).  
I thought for sure I had found the bastion of cheap, fresh, yummy soups in the Nan Zhou Handrawn Noodle House, but I'm pretty sure that Ting Wong blows them away.  
I got the roasted duck noodle soup with egg noodles for $5 (!).  The duck in the soup is truly succulent, I'm probably going to dream about it tonight.  The portion of duck is generous and they give you all the good pieces. In addition, they make the soup a well balanced meal by throwing in some chinese greens.  My friend who got the duck with wontons in his soup said the wontons were second only to his moms.
The atmosphere like everything in chinatown is utilitarian, but contrary to other reviewers on here, I found it to be pretty clean, definitely clean enough to be non-repulsive.  
Free hot tea.
I will definitely be back here many more times now that soup season is in full force.On a suggestion from a coworker we came here. The  recommended Roasted Pork Noodle Soup with thin egg noodle was fantastic. Highly recommend getting it!It was very busy when we came and I was a bit uncomfortable when I saw servers carrying heavy dishes that were dripping with water across the restaurant. Someone could slip on the wet floor! 
The restaurant also appears to be more group oriented than for two people. We felt rushed as we were eating as we were the only Americans in the restaurant. However, we did wind up ordering typical American- Chinese dishes. My friend and I ordered the beef and broccoli and chicken lo mein. They tasted average at best. I probably should have ordered the noodle soups because they looked really good and definitely more authentic. 
  One of the servers also mixed up our orders with another table. She gave our lo mein to another table. We saw that the family who got our lo mein started eating a few bites in my dish!!!! The server then grabbed the lo mein after people had started eating off of it to correct the mistake and gave it to me. I know the family only took a few bites, and I know that in China everyone shares food, but seriously, that is unacceptable to give a customer food that has already been eaten!!! It's like giving someone burger that's already been bitten into.First time dining in this restaurant because I'm a bloody tourist visiting Philly for the 1st time, and as a proud Chinese FOB, I just had to visit Chinatown.  My girlfriend already knows this about me when we are traveling so she includes the outing in the itinerary.  And I must say, I am impressed with this Chinatown.  I feel it is certainly better than ours in LA.  The LA Chinatown has become a damn joke.  Anyway, back to Ting Wong, I ordered the basic peasant comfort food of Bbq pork & char sui over a bed of steamed rice.  That is my go-to item in any Chinese deli because even though it looks simple it is hardly so.  You can really tell how good the deli is by how they prepare the char sui and sui yuk.This place is quite all right. Ting Wong offers many dishes! I've been here two times. I remember getting a rice and fish dish! It was quite good! The decor of the restaurant is okay. The service is okay. The food is quite cheap. Overall it's an okay restaurant.Great fresh food, got the shrimp qiang fun , wonton noodle soup, and the seafood poridge. Fast service and great experience. Definitely would recommend this place to other.Came here for an early lunch before heading back to Virginia.  We are still trying to find roast duck that is better Siu Kee.
Service was quick but menu was lacking anything specialThey've changed the management as well as the chefs. Every time I go to buy a dish, the quality gets poorer. Recently, I ordered two dishes to go, and one order got left out. I was left sitting on the chairs by the cashier for at least 20 minutes... No one bothered to check on my order until I asked. I had ordered the Singaporean noodles and chicken and salty fish fried rice.
When I got home, I was thoroughly disappointed. Though the Singaporean noodles were good, the fried rice barely had any salty fish, and in fact, the rice didn't even seemed to have been fried at all. It tasted like they literally took white rice and added pieces of chicken and a tiny pinch of salty fish to it. Looks like I'm going to have to find another staple place to get my fill of authentic HK style food...Fish fillet buddda delight rice platter is the best!This place used to be the best roast duck, roast pig, roast whatever they hang behind the windows place. At around $6 for lunch its a decent price. But ever since they changed owners and staff the food has gone downhill. Everything seems to be lacking in taste and service. Like seriously who serves a dish with money in the same hand as my food!! Money is dirty! I know she had takeout in the other hand but I don't want money touching my food when I'm Gona eat it. Gotta find me a better roast duck place.Best Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. I just go for the Peking duck. Half duck runs for $16. Also try the won ton soup with roast duck.Soooo good! Me and my one year old had the fried rice and roast pork with rice noodles Hong Kong style. Very good!! My son made a big mess with the rice and the staff was friendly and cleaned it up no problem. Would Def go backThis place is always a great quick pit stop for an authentic Chinese lunch before heading back to Harrisburg, the land of rare culture.
Good choices off the menu are anything with roast duck, soy chicken, or their congee. My personal favorite is the broad rice noodle soup with roast duck. Yum!I wouldn't say this was a great chinese restaurant, but it's ok in Philadelphia. I had the seafood congee and it was a bit thick and bland tasting. The Chinese crueller or donut was very greasy and stale. I had the soy sauce chicken and duck ove rice. The vegetable was cold and the duck and chicken were all bones and no meat. I may have got the chef that was trying to get rid of these boney bird parts like the tip of the chicken wing. This restaurant is basically a no frills service and fast food noodle rice place.  I am not sure why it won the best of philly award for best restaurants.I've been going to Philadelphia's chinatown since I was a child, and have tried countless of restaurants in this area with my family. Though new ones continually open up, this one is possibly the best place to get cheap, authentic, and delicious Cantonese style food. This has become my comfort food. My family and I go here every time we come to chinatown, no matter what.
Yesterday, my family drove from NJ just to go to this restaurant (and run some errands). When we walked in around 4:00 pm, it was actually quite busy. What was more shocking was the renovations done and the new waiting staff...they had sold the business to someone else? I was nervous about if the food would change.
We ordered what we always get (not sure the english is perfect since we order in chinese):
1 sliced beef noodle soup
1 beef stew noodle soup
1 anchovy fried rice
1 deep fried tofu with shrimp dish that isn't on the menu, but my family magically found this dish by talking to management or something
The food is always amazing and I've never had a problem with it. Yesterday though, the fried tofu dish was different from how it was originally made. Instead of the dipping sauce on the side, it was smothered with some oyster, black bean sauce. Definitely weird just seeing the subtle changes that occurred after reopening of Ting Wang.
It's also weird since the waiters used to know our orders and recognized our faces. Hell, my mother even told the waiters where my sister and I currently study. They were like some odd family, we would see once in a while.
Nevertheless, Ting Wang even after it's reopening (much nicer bathrooms and more sanitary eating area), is the place to go in Chinatown if you don't want to spend a lot of money and eat great food. Be sure to pick up some duck on the way out.Perfectly glorious meal served with professional deadpan efficiency w/out obsequious prattle. Just great food. Be prepared to be impressed.I live next door to this place and hv made it my go to quick cheap dinner fix. Positives: the lo mien, the combination congee, the fried tofu, the cut meat rice plates. This place had a lovely shrimp noodle domain which I absolutely fancy.
Negatives: the service, the roughness, the duck was not great. 
All in all, this place is authentic. Service and all. Non Asians may seem a bit frazzled, but just know it's an in and out place. 
I was jumping between three and four stars, I gave it four in the end because of the taste and value for which you pay. It should get a three for how dam rough the staff is at times.I have no idea why I don't live in a state with a proper Chinatown. I could live and eat in Chinatown Philly (and NYC) forever especially with great places like Ting Wong.
The space is small but we were seated quickly even though there was a small line for lunch on a Thursday. I ordered the duck noodle soup (my favorite) and my aunt ordered the pork with rice platter, wonton soup, and some fried bread (my 2nd favorite).
The flavors were rich and they were good portions for the affordable cost. I loved the wonton soup especially since the wontons were stuffed with lots of meat that was marinated well. Her crispy pork was delicious as well. Service was quick and attentive. We were in and out in no time. Facilities were moderately clean, much better than many Chinatown restaurants I've frequented. The menu was expansive and I could definitely eat here every day with the variety they offered for such a small place.Great spot for congee but the best dish for my money is the soy sauce chicken.  Reasonable prices. Cash only.  The decor is lacking but the food is fantastic.They've got the best BBQ Pork, Roasted Duck and chicken in town.  I love getting to go here and making some veggies at home for dinner.  The restaurant itself is a little dirtier than to my liking, but the food is good.Basically a cheaper version of Sang Kee but very good still.  Would definately come back.Roasted duck was my favorite. Porridge was flavorful and had a lot of fresh ingredients in it. Fried dumpling was not authentic, to be honest.Great place for a delicious and inexpensive meal. Place has no decor but fast service and good food. Wonton soup is great here.Ordered for pickup on New Years Day. Every dish was delicious. Would recommend their duck and pork combo with noodles highly!Tonight was our first night in philly China town and my husband googled best food in China town and this place was on top of list. We had duck and rib appetizer and fried rice. It was outstanding! I will go back tomorrow!A quick update...recent visits for lunch have made it clear that the kitchen has woken up from its past malaise and has reestablished itself as one of the better Hong Kong styled eateries.  Gone is the heavy-handed soy sauce douse that drowned the dry stir fried beef chow fun  and the smooth egg with beef over rice. Some of the subtleties of the ginger and scallions come through better.  As requested by my carnivore son, we started getting the Beijing Style Pork Chops which can easily be too sticky and sweet.  Happily, it was neither and while not the best we've ever had, it was enjoyable.First off, this place is like Sang Kee where they don't take credit cards....CASH ONLY!!
I hate that...so annoying. But I would definitely say that Ting Wong is like a fast food Asian restaurant that is being run by these 2 brothers...they are quick, efficient, and they mean business when it comes to food! This time, we decided to order a combination BBQ plate (ordered off the menu of course) that consisted of Peking duck, barbecue pork, and soy sauce chicken as an appetizer. And then the food just kept coming on! We also ordered a bowl of dumpling soup, congee soup for my auntie, and then beef chow fun noodles with gravy sauce. While there barbecue meats may not be as good as Sang Kee, it is pretty close....I just wish that they would serve it hotter. The dumpling soup was pretty tasty....I think 8 dumpling pieces for like $4. The best part of the meal though was the beef chow fun....so tasty!! Lots of gravy sauce, tons of beef, and lots of veggies like bok choy. 
Pros:
- Pretty inexpensive food that comes out super fast!
- Barbecued meats are tasty, but just walk 1.5 blocks down the street to Sang Kee for the good stuff
- Beef chow fun is great!
Cons:
- Wish this place took credit card!
- One thing with the beef, it's really tasty, but I feel like there is some kind of coating on top of it......
Why I gave it a 3.....
While the food is super fast and pretty tasty, I've eaten at better restaurants in Chinatown. This place needs to start accepting credit cards because I don't carry $100 in my wallet all the time. Barbecue meats are good, but Sang Kee is better.Oi!?!  what's with the bashing of Ting Wong's customer service or lack there off?  Seriously the food here is great and hands down they have the best prices in town.  This review is not about about waxing lyrics about the succulent food and the jaw dropping basement prices but rather a defense of Ting Wong's customer service.  I have only started going to this establishment and within my 2nd or 3th visit there I was treated like a regular customer.  They knew my go-to-order, was always greeted with a smile and our water glasses were always promptly refilled when it was near empty.  Our waiter was never too busy to check on us even during peak lunch and dinner time.  Hands and feet down, the service we received  at Ting Wong is way better than that other restaurant "San...ke.." whose name we shall not mention in full here :)I used to come here all the time before the ownership change recently, and they always had really cheap comfort breakfast food like congee or wonton soup. never tried the rice dishes but they looked great as well. the only complaint I had before was that their service was a tad bit on the slow side for a quick place for food and the sanitary standards weren't too high. but now with the new owner, the place looks nice and renovated (although now it's busier), and so many more staff members as well. food quality doesn't seem to have changed so that's the good news. I will definitely come back again soon for my congee (who says no for a 4 bucks a bowl with roast pork or duck?)Stopped in here with my little girls on Monday. Terrific from start to finish. Had the roast pork and duck noodle soup. Fish congee, Young Chow Fried Rice, pan fried dumplings and Peeking Duck. Everything was off the charts good. They use only the egg yoke in the fried rice which is great the duck is just perfect inside and out. My 6 year old girls loved everything too. The service was outstanding we felt pampered and this place is far from gourmet. This will be my go to place in Philly Chinatown. Prices are VERY reasonable we paid $10 for half a Peeking Duck?? Total bill was only $42 gave them $60 and felt great about the whole experience.We stumbled upon this gem while wandering Chinatown on a Saturday afternoon. It can be somewhat overwhelming to figure out which restaurant to choose, but the "Best of Philly 2016" sign on the front door signaled that we were on to something special. The first time we visited Dining Partner and I were seated at a table with another couple we didn't know. Kind of odd, but worth it. I had the roast pork noodle soup. The second time I had the roast pork lo mein.  The roast pork is the juiciest, most flavorful I've ever had. The most awesome thing is you can get a heaping plate of it as an appetizer for just $8. Dining Partner had the brisket and wonton noodle soup both times we visited. It's a no frills restaurant and the plates and floors are kind of sticky. The servers are friendly no matter how busy they are. Cheap, delicious food.I order take from here once a week. I usually get the chicken congee and a quarter of white meat scallion chicken. Sooo good and cheap! Also it's fast. I do takeout vs. sit down, bc it's not a very conform able sit down restaurant.
Also, the roasted duck and pig here is too good and much better then sang kee. The is a legit duck house very similar to Hong Kong!Average, serviceable Chinese food. Not that great not that bad. Trying new places #yolo, #shouldhavegonetodimsumgardenIf you're not in the mood to read a long review, skip to the summary paragraph at the end.
Whenever I went to Siu Kee, I'd see Ting Wong out of the corner of my eye and wonder if I should give this place a try. It wasn't until I saw the construction going on inside that I finally decided to make plans. There's something about a closed storefront and a notice of construction that really gets me interested. It's like a promise of something good to come.
Entering for the first time, I was a bit perplexed. Ting Wong seems to be in the midst of transitioning from a casual Cantonese barbecue joint into a trendy Chinese restaurant. Whether or not Ting Wong will ever make it to the destination...I have no idea. The walls were a little too white and the lighting a little too neon. Then again, this is Chinatown. There are no rules here.
Onward to food, the only portion of the review that really matters. My friend and I tried the roast duck congee, roast duck-barbecue pork combo over rice, and chicken anchovies fried rice. While none of these dishes disappointed us, I would probably only order the chicken anchovies fried rice again.
The roast duck congee was prepared differently than I'm accustomed to. Instead of placing the sliced duck on top of the congee, the cook deboned, shredded, and incorporated the duck into the rice. Although deboning the duck encourages good table manners, it also completely separates the fat from the meat, leading to bites of only fat and rice. Not pleasant, I promise you.
I discovered from trying my friend's roast duck-barbecue pork combo that the roast duck is actually very good. The meat is tender and flavorful. The skin is satisfyingly greasy and springy. I would say that it's the second best roast duck I've had in Philly's Chinatown. The barbecue pork was unfortunately dry and flavorless.
For those who aren't familiar, chicken anchovies fried rice is essentially chicken fried rice cooked with little pieces of dried, salted fish. This is one of those dishes that restaurants tend to get wrong by either putting too little or too much fish, thereby throwing off the balance of flavor. Ting Wong puts just the right amount of salted fish -- Goldilocks would definitely approve. ;)
In conclusion (cheers to fifth grade sentence starters), Ting Wong is a typical, reliable Cantonese barbecue joint. Come here for good roast duck and chicken anchovies fried rice. If you get the roast duck congee, ask for the roast duck on the side. Avoid the barbecue pork. That's all you need to know!Went there on Jan 12, 2018 at around 2 pm. I was waiting for my friend and so I didn't order first. I felt that the waiter was very rude, they were walking around as if to say that I should order. In the end, I paid them and gave them little tip for their bad service. When they saw that I gave a little tip, they insisted to ask me to give them 15 percent tip. Food is okay but service is horrible. Won't come back anymoreLike for almost everything in Chinatown, bring cash to pay. They do take credit cards but there is a minimum and an extra percentage charged to your bill. The duck ($7) was moist and a great pairing with the thousand year old congee. The salt from the duck was well balanced with the more toned down flavors from congee. I ordered for to go and I think you get your money's worth for the congee ($6). For those who don't know, congee is a type of Chinese porridge. Really, you're supposed to eat duck with rice or steamed bun, but it was cold in philly so that's what I ordered.New owners, food is tastier here than other duck houses... And the price is great! 
I eat breakfast here a lot and love my preserved shrimp with scallions cheung fun.  Service is ok, but typically chinatown joint.Well this place is closing on 10-15-2014,  the old guard is being replace with new faces.  Ting Wong will stand and be opened up in the same spot but will the food be the same?  Time will tell.  As for my last meal at this place, wonton soup with roast pig was freaking awesome!  Hope the old guard will reopen somewhere else in Chinatown.This review is strictly about their noodle bowls. I came here for lunch because I read some good reviews about their noodles (how it's better than Nanzhou).
It ain't better.
Their noodles aren't hand-drawn (or hand-made). The style of soup is similar to Sang Kee or David's Mai Lai Wah, and Ting Won's soup is inferior to both. I like Mai Lai Wah's noodle soup the best because their wontons are the best. Sang Kee, not as good as Mai Lai Wah's wontons, but their soup and meat are delicious. Ting Wong, their soup is bland, their wontons wrapping is hard, their wontons flavor is off, their meat isn't as delicious as Sang Kee.
One minor note, the place smells like old oil. It reminded me of hole-in-the-wall places in Hong Kong. But my wife was a bit grossed out by it.Nice spot to have a authentic canton cuisine. Be aware not to order roast pork. It's not a place for this. And remember bring cash if you are not planning to spend over 15 dollars.Great everything even for the less adventurous eater. We had the chicken and corn soup, chicken and Chinese veggies and sweet and sour. All delish.For the Hong Kong style BBQ house, Ting Wong is the best in Philly. Sure you have your Mai Lai Wah, Sang Kee, Wong Wong and the nearby Rising Tide, but none of them get the taste as authentic as Ting Wong. Tong Wong just gets it right. Sure, Sang Kee's BBQ is pretty good but they have been more Americanized, it's OK if you're into the style but it's not truly authentic and their wontons have thicker skins to be called superb.
I can recommend any barbecue items. Everyone likes the BBQ Pork (Cha Shiu), the roast duck is also delicious, I personally like the scallion chicken as well. For noodle soup, order the wonton, BBQ pork combo. If you want a rice dish, get the BBQ pork and duck combo. They also have a great beef stew noodle soup. They also have great congee here and nothing beats a bowl of pork with preserved congee on a cold day. 
The prices are great unless other tourist traps, the guys behind the counter are friendly, but the store can use a detailed scrub down. Also they don't open on Tuesdays but for authentic Hong Kong style BBQ house experience, Ting Wong is where it's at.I'm glad to see that Ting Wong has such great reviews because it deserves them. I've never had a bad meal here, and the food is always a good price. I could write a long review, but all I really think I need to say is:
Breakfast: cheung fun + congee
Lunch/dinner: assorted meats
Yes.Having been to Hk many times and have had roasted delights in USA countless times. I think this is the best restaurant I've been so far.decent pickings are strangely slim in philly when it comes to chinese food but this place makes me so happy. simple, consistent, and delicious porridge and roast duck. my favorite porridge and recommendation would definitely be the pork with preserved egg porridge. if you're feeling adventurous the stomach porridge is really good, too. add a small side of half duck/pork and you're set! 
they have your orders ready for pick up within ten minutes, too! the workers are always pleasant and working hard. this restaurant is definitely one of philly chinatown's best in value and qualityThis is a must-come place in Philly, with very traditional Cantonese food served. They've been recently refurbished with everything inside and everywhere looks clean and nice. Loved it!This place is a hidden gem in Philly's Chinatown.  The duck noodle soup is to die for and the spare ribs the same.  Peking Pork Chops over rice is awesome.  Really, everything we've ever had here (we've been here many many times) was super tasty, fresh and well prepared.  The only thing I'll say is that if you're looking for atmosphere, this place isn't for you.  It's a simple and ordinary looking little restaurant that's all about the food.  The servers, btw, are always very pleasant and efficient., too.Food itself probably earns 3 stars, but the food you get at the price you get it for? I'll bump you to 4 stars, Ting Wong. Everything was simple but not greasy. We got the roast pork because it sounded delicious, and while it was fine, it was the least impressive dish, which is saying something. The star of the show for me was the chicken congee. Jam packed with flavor, the chicken was cooked just right, fantastic. We also got a wonton soup, the wantons were more like shumai, tasty but I'll be returning for the congee.GOT TO GET THE ROASTED PORK AND DUCK RICE DISH HERE. It's cheap, it's good and it's fast. The place is a bit small but it goes pretty fast on a good day. I also am a fan of the pan fried seafood noodles here as well. But the pork and duck rice dish is definitely their best.I love the roast duck, barbecue pork (char siu) and roast pork at Ting Wong.  Their congee is very authentic as well.  Highly recommended!