The Tinsel was such a fun holiday pop up bar to try out this season! There were Christmas decorations from the floor all the way to the ceiling. The tiles on the ceiling were even covered in various Christmas wrapping paper. Different colors, textures, lights seemed to explode onto every surface. The bartender was friendly with great sense of humor. The holiday themed drinks were tasty and creative but rather overpriced at 10 dollars especially for coming in small plastic/paper cups! Yet this colorful and homey bar was worth it for the experience!i expected this place to be a bit bigger, the drinks were over priced but were yummy. it sucks that it closes at midnight so i'd definitely recommend going earlier when it's not super crowdedThis is a cute place. Fun for a group. I asked the bartender - "can I get a glass of whatever bubbly you have?" "We don't have that." "Ok, glass of white then?"  "We don't have wine."  Uh. So I picked from their festive holiday cocktail menu and settled on a peppermint schnapps drinks that listed WHITE ZIN as an ingredient. No wine you say? In any case, it wasn't terrible but it wasn't great. I don't like super sweet drinks but you know - "when in Rome" and whatnot. Decor was cheap and festive - but also everything a bar like this should be. If they invested a bit more into the drinks available they may have a larger crowd. This place was by no means poppin when we went around 9:30 pm (although it was a Monday night- but the Monday night before Christmas!)Pretty disappointing. I like a cheesy pop-up as much as the next guy, but the service and prices leave a lot to be desired.Glorified instagram backdrop.
Stoped by with friends and scored the back room by the bathrooms which was at least private.
Cute decor, great for snaps and grams but specialty cocktails (why you come to a bar that doesn't serve food) are sub par. A friend got the - and it came out dark green! It was sugar sweet and no flavors of bourbon.
I on the other hand got a delicious gingerbread spiced beer that was perfect for the freezing weather indoors (heat?).
Overall a cute spot to stop by for a beer and a few pics but absolutely seasonal as Nono as coming for the drinks.This place is wall to wall people with no room to move in the entire joint.
Web site said food....didn't see any
Luckily this only seasonCute in theory but it was so crowded on a Saturday night. Everyone is packed in like sardines just to bask under the tacky Christmas decor. We stayed for one (overpriced) beer then left. My friend went on a weeknight for happy hour, and the crowd looked much more manageable then. Don't get me wrong, this was a genius use of an abandoned jewelry store but just be warned!I loved this Christmas themed pop-up bar! It fits everything you want-tacky decorations and decor with Christmas themed drinks like gingerbread man martinis, eggnog, merry margaritas, and spiked hot chocolate. 
The downside: a) the place was packed so come expecting a crowd and b) the drinks were served in plastic cups. This bar would be all over Instagram if it had real glasses.Okay, okay, I will admit the decor was a little ratty tatty - but hey 'tis the season! Came here twice while it was open over the holidays and it was packed each time. Good cheerful crowd but honestly a rather small and dank space. Bartender service was nothing to write home about - found it difficult to get a drink and they often seemed overwhelmed. The stand out here is as the actual drink menu. Whoever crafted it did a great job. Had multiple selections and found each one to be very tasty and fitting with the season. Since it's only a pop up I give it 4 stars because the drinks were great and if you're into the whole Christmas vibe it was a tacky cute way to spend an hour or so after work. If this becomes a regular seasonal pop up hopefully they'd be able to expand in the future to a larger space but either way I'd return!Super cute pop up Christmas bar that looks and feels just like being at someone's Grandma's house. Each room is decorated in super cozy old school Christmas decor and plates of Christmas cookies are served up at the bar along with holiday beers and cocktails. 
Creative concept and a great place to get into the holiday spirit.If you're a grinch, this will be too much for you. Everyone else - get thee to this holiday themed pop up bar!! 
Warning: it is popular, and it will be crowded. 
Despite that, we were able to find a couple of seats at the bar where service was really fast! The menu of holiday themed drinks was impeccable. I ordered a gingerbread man martini and it came out looking like iced snow! Too cute!
The decorations are absolutely on point. Every single surface is decorated and it will get you in the mood to partycame on friday opening day... wow it was the most non-holiday-spirited opening day.   i walked in expecting the entrance to be magical... but things were hardly set up and i dunno if other people by the bar were customers or workers.  it was completely dead in silence.  no music on... i think most people on the streets who walked by had high hopes.  it was quite disappointing that their vision of the holiday spirit was quite the boring one.. anyway, i really hope they step up the game and prepare for the next couple weekends ahead.I was so excited to try Tinsel because I loved the concept―a Christmas themed pop-up bar by the owner of Bru, Independence Beer Garden, and U-Bahn. The exterior is adorably decked in Christmas lights and garland. Even the font on their sign had me―so cute! Once I walked inside though, just bleh. Tinsel resembles that of an 80s wood paneled basement thrown up on by Party City.  
The drink menu was creative with holiday themed drinks but they all came in plastic cups. The best drink I tried was the harvest mule. I was shocked at the amount of people in Christmas sweaters and Santa hats showing up in large groups. It's very stuffy in here and it's one of those places where you go for a drink and think 'Okay, I saw it and I get it, where should we go next?' At least it's located right by some great restaurants and bars such as Sampan, El Vez, and Barbuzzo. 
The male bartender was nice but the female bartender was the Grinch. She never once opened her mouth. When it came time for me to order she just stared at me emotionless and waited for me to order. I also said "thank you" and got no "you're welcome" in response. Granted, they were extremely busy when I visited which was around 6pm on a Thursday. I was discussing with a coworker how disappointed we were with Tinsel and she made a great point- This bar is essentially a failed version of NYC's Rolfs.
Tip: If you really want to check Tinsel out, it's only open through January 1st.Like Amanda M., I cannot resist a pop-up Christmas bar right near my backyard during the holiday season. I had high expectations of Tinsel to put me in the holiday spirit. Like Amanda said, it really provided flashbacks of my college frat-basement holiday parties with the smell of punch and wallpaper-decked decor. In that sense, it got big points for nostalgia. Another design touch that was unique was the gigantic safe separating the bar from the back room which the old jewelry shop must have used. Tinsel's menu was chalked into the back of the safe and made to look like a fireplace, which I thought was very artsy. The drinks were small and standard for a gimmick-y bar. I had some tropical beverage with about 10 different liquors in it that honestly looked like the color of the Grinch but for $5 at the happy hour special, it was hard to pass up. For the beer drinkers, they thankfully had some Troegs Mad Elf to get you feeling cheery. 
The place itself was definitely on the smaller side, so I would not recommend coming during peak happy hour or Saturday nights. Hopefully Tinsel makes a return next year, because I would go for this gimmick again!It was okay. The smell of canned air freshener was overwhelming. It looked as if you were in a 70's basement, which could either be endearing or horrifying. Would I go back? Probably. Did I love it? Definitely not.We stumbled upon this place on our night out in Philly, exploring new Christmas oriented bars with a unique twist. Well this bar certainly fit the bill despite its shortcomings...
The place was PACKED and the bartenders were busy making it difficult ordering drinks and competing for their attention. Their menu had some fun Christmas oriented drinks including "Holiday Sangria" (white wine and cranberries), "gingerbread man" (rye and syrup), and "Jim beam" (Jim beam and maple syrup). All drinks were served in plastic cups and for their prices ($12+), I was a bit surprised. Their flavors were solid but not the greatest I've ever tried. 
The ambiance included ornaments, a fake Christmas tree and plenty of fun decorations! The place just recently underwent remodeling just in time for the holidays. Overall a fun place to bring folks wishing for more holiday zest.Drinks are mostly terrible. Bartenders move quickly considering the crowd. The vibe is awesome but prepare to wait and be packed in like sardines. Push your way towards the window area and you may actually find some room to move.So cool! It was a really fun environment. A must see for the Holidays. Neat touches like the drink menus were in Christmas cards, which was hilarious. Looking forward to what they do for the Spring!Pretty terrible.  Some cheap holiday decorations and $20+ bad tasting drinks in snow globes.  They seriously need a doorman to control the crowd size or something as this has to be unsafe.    Absolutely no room move.  People kept getting log jammed coming in and out.  If you absolutely must go I recommend going during the week or when they first open.Not bad-pretty small. Couldn't get a drink cuz it was so packed. Cute Christmas theme though!It's cute, fun, and trending. But it was way crowded, they were out of most of the seasonal beers, and the beers they did have were very expensive. 
Don't break your neck over getting here!Tried to get over to this bar once at an earlier hour (6pm during the week). This place was so crowded we couldn't even move. The drinks were a bit pricey. After about 10 minutes, my date and I left and went somewhere with less of a crowd.Came on a Tuesday night around 5 and it was already pretty crowded. Walking in, the place has nice Christmas-y decor but was hard to maneuver through the crowd and their drinks
It took about a 15-20 min wait to get our drinks (all around $11-12). They came out in paper and plastic cups (smaller than your normal solo cup). I got the candycane forest and my friend got the spiked eggnog. They were fairly tasty though small not very strong. 
Overall, tinsel was overhyped and overpriced. A place where you go once and never really need to go back again.The bouncer denied us access because someone in our party had a limp and the bouncer said they appeared under the influence so they had to sober up before entering. After I explained that the person had a disability, the bouncer still did not let us in because they said they "couldn't prove the disability." Really hoping something is done about this.We went out to Tinsel a few days before Christmas.  I had the wrong address, so like a fool, I was all confused trying to find the address, while my wife was confused as to why I stopped practically in front of Tinsel...   Once we went in, we were in a nicely decorated pop-up bar.  All of the drop ceiling panels were wrapped in wrapping paper, with decorative balls hanging from them.  The entire place was really nice.  
We ordered drinks and they were quickly poured from pre-made containers.  I had a hot chocolate spiked with bailey's and this ratio was perfection.  Both flavors complimented each other.  
Some weird things happened while we were here though.  A Minnesota Vikings fan dressed all in purple, stole a custom painted robot santa from Futurama painting.  I said something to the group of six, but they stole it and walked out quickly.  Another patron tried to grab it, but they rushed out.  A few minutes later, some people who worked there noticed and I told them what happened.  I told them they could easily have police find this guy, since he was the only person all in purple, even his hat.  
To me, the main thing this place was missing, was drinking vessels.  I hate plastic cups.  We had some solo cups at our stupid New Years party, but even all of the drinks I made for people were in glasses.  My hot chocolate would have been so much better in a nice mug.  Plastic cups just takes away from the ambiance and makes me think this place just wants to move product as fast as possible.  That's why everything we ordered seemed to have already been made.Small and nothing extraordinary. The decor is cool but don't waste your time waiting in line just to walk into a bar where you can't move. All of the drinks are "authentic" to the concept but aren't anything extraordinary. 
I think the idea is cute but it's not worth the time and effort to get there and get in. I was really excited about this pop up but was less the impressed upon arrival.Save your money. Crowded. Drinks are terrible. Can't believe they actually charge a cover. So disappointing.This bar is adorable for the holiday season, come prepared to wait in line, but it's worth it. I went last night there was a younger crowd mostly, the bar is on the small side, but not overly crowded. The had a list of holiday inspired cocktails.This pop-up bar really goes all out in decorating. Everyone was dressed in their ugly Christmas sweaters, it's a laid back festive vibe. The bartenders can be compared to Grinch, they weren't in the mood lol. Fairly, it doesn't take away from all of the sleighs, snowman, lightbulbs, hanging Santa, projector screen of holiday movie highlights, and throwbag video games, and decent holiday music. It's worth a visit, if your in town.So glad I stumbled along this place. Walking through the tunnel of lights and seeing all of the tacky Christmas decorations put me in an instant good mood! It was very crowded but not unbearable and everyone in there was in good spirits (pun intended). The perfect place to go for a spiked hot chocolate.Ok SO:
Pros-
-really really cute Christmas decor. I felt like an elf
-great music
-cute bartenders 
-festive holiday drinks
-put me in the Christmas mOoOd
Cons-
-the space is WAYYY too small for the amount of people there!!! And I went on a Wednesday night and it was packed. Can't imagine what's it's like on the weekend!
-drinks are pretty pricey... a mixed drink (I got a hot apple cider with rum was $13 not including tip)
-I'm pretty sure the bartender was drunk when he served us lol 
-there is really no place to sit or hang around. Was seriously packed!
-you can't take the second floor stairs up to the North Pole :((The pop-up holiday bar Tinsel must be the most Christmassy drinking spot in the world.  It's a psychedelic dream world adorned with every Christmas decoration that was ever designed.  The menus are on old Christmas cards and all the drinks have a yuletide theme.  If Santa needs refueling on his long journey, he def should check this place out. I'm not going to hang out in this very crowded venue but a pop-in visit is a perfect way to help celebrate the holiday season in Center City Philadelphia!I saw an ad for this bar randomly pop up on my Facebook newsfeed so I thought it would be cool to try out. We were already planning on going to Philly to do all the Christmas must do things( Macy's, Comcast, Dillworth Park, city hall, etc.) so I thought this would be a great way to end the night. 
We arrive on the Saturday night before Christmas. It was crowded but that was expected. We order drinks from the bartender in the main room, my husband ordered the spiked hot chocolate and I ordered the gingerbread martini. After awhile we get seats in the room by the Christmas tree as there was people getting up. I liked that this bar was overly decorated, I over decorate my house too haha. There was a Christmas tree in one corner, a Santa in another, the ceiling tiles were completely covered in wrapping paper, Xmas paintings on the wall, and Christmas lights. 
Their drinks were a little overpriced however. The drinks were between $10-$14 each and served in plastic cups. For that price they should have been in glasses. The drinks were also a little basic as well, they should have had more ingredients in it if they are charging the same prices as high quality cocktail bars. My husband also told me our drinks were pre made sitting on the counter in a pitcher which he just poured from. Who knows how long they were sitting out. 
Overall I'm glad I checked this place out and it was a fun night, but I probably wouldn't rush back here if they're open again next year.Long crowded  wait in line ... not sure over what because once u get inside it's smaller than expected and not even crowded (fri night before Xmas).... they moved the line slowly on purpose in 30 degree weather ... It looks more like a pop up bar inside nothing to rave about what upset me the most was the $20 drinks. I ordered a glass of Captain and ginger ale ... served it in a 8oz kiddie cup full of ice and I paid about $10 for this ... I next ordered a $20
Snow globe which which had a Santa Claus glued inside the alcohol with plastic balls mimicking
Snow globe ... bartender told me it's edible and tapioca .... Good thing I did not adjust any of these things because later on I took the globe home and once everything was dry the balls turned out to be actual plastic they were not of any food grade at all whatsoever. ... .pricey ... small drinks ... long wait...Stopped in this pop-up bar on a Friday night around 8:00pm. Horrible time to come because it was PACKED. More than packed. You walk in the door and can hardly move packed. The person I was with isn't the hugest Christmas fan, so I already had a feeling we wouldn't stay long. But by the time we made it through the front door into the beginning entrance of where you get to the bar, even I decided we should leave. Getting a drink looked like it would be a sloppy, sh*t show, 30-minute ordeal... not worth it to me. 
I'd love to come back during less of a peak hour and with someone more in the holiday spirit because the theme is GREAT! They've done an AMAZING job with the wrapped boxes, the christmas lights, kitschy, frosty window, and more. I LOVE Christmas and I'm sure they have some fabulous Christmas themed drinks! 
I actually don't think this should be just a pop-up and they'd do well if it was a year-round bar. People always start craving that holiday nostalgia way before Christmas comes around... Christmas parties in July? Yes, definitely. Drag Christmas cheer through the gloom of January? Absolutely. Just a suggestion.Met at the door at 409pm by a bouncer who advised the place was at capacity. We had checked the website and it informed us that the place opened at 4pm. Bouncer advised the place had been open since noon. Bad. 
Can not rely on poor website. Same info was in fb and google maps. 
No way we were waiting in a line. Walked down to El Vez. Always a good choice.
Mark.I really really really wanted to like this place. We went to the Nightmare Before Tinsel popup, which I had seen a handful of advertisements for and it looked really fun. I went into it knowing it wouldn't be a full on haunted house, but honestly..it was worse than a haunted house.
We had tickets for a certain time - got there and there was a line. Ticket time didn't matter lol. The inside was what I'd expected. Some jump scares, low lighting, a couple of live actors, and scary props. The inside was boring and wouldn't have been a let down if we weren't let out into the street with no direction on how to continue. When the actor opened the door to go outside I was thinking there would be a backyard outdoor area because we were under the impression there was "outdoor seating." There was. For other bars. The bar next door, Sueño had scary-decorated street seating, so we got our free drink and sat down and within minutes a hostess was asking us to move. We had a reservation for Sueño for an hour after our Tinsel ticket time because we THOUGHT we'd be drinking at Tinsel's bar lol. The hostess was able to move us inside which was cool.. even though we had a feeling that we didn't want to give these people anymore of our money. $22 a person for a tiny "free" drink and no actual outdoor seating area is pretty bogus. 
We sat inside at Sueño which, I won't go too into it since this isn't a post about Sueño but the drinks were watered down, food was gross and overpriced, service was odd and we just overall didn't have a good time.
Also the cup they give you for the free drink that says Nightmare Before Tinsel on it .... the sticker peels right off so don't even think about keeping it as a souvenir lol. Overall I felt pretty ripped off and so did everyone else I was with. Again, we wanted to like it .. but I wouldn't recommend to anyone.The decorations are cool but the drinks are terrible. This place makes its money off their seasonal popularity...Very festive, I really enjoyed the aesthetics. $5 entry fee , limited space though . No seating and bare minimum tables . Drinks were strong and surely worth the price . Parking garage right next door very convenient . Could get your fun fill with one visit ‍ i also wish they have some type of snacks .CHRISTMAS ON STEROIDS!!!! What's not to love?! 
- Christmas themed alcoholic drinks 
- Bazillion Christmas Decorations 
- Tons of Selfies and Photo ops 
You have it all with this Christmas Themed pop up bar here in Philly! Be prepared to wait in line, especially getting close to the end of the holiday season. I got here around 3:30 maybe?? Waited in line about 30 minutes I think... not too bad and I didn't have to pay a cover! Not so sure when they start the cover charge but when we left, they were charging a cover to get in and the line was even LONGER! But I love the concept of this bar.. I read it was family owned and they're donating a portion to charity, so all good and fun stuff.
Right when you walk in, you're greeted with this arch of Christmas lights and just TONS of Christmas decorations filling the whole scene. The bar area is tiny and can take a while to get your drinks, but hey.. what do you expect when everyone's trying to get in?! I read some reviews that downgrade their reviews based on wait times.. but ummmm hello... you did just wait in line to get in! Did you think the people magically just disappeared and there wouldn't be more waiting inside lol. Anyways... the experience is awesome! The bartenders were great and they worked fast!
Drinks
Christmas themed drinks... they had cocktails in which you got to keep the souvenir glass it came in. Here's what I tried:
- Santa's Boot (got to keep the souvenir boot) - kettle one vodka with red bull ginger and lime juice.. this one was good but not enough alcohol for what you pay! Needed it a little stronger hehe
- Tinsel's Snowglobe (snow love mason jar with a different trinket on the lid) - Vanilla Grey Goose, Tapioca and white cranberry... this was ok.. tasted a little like medicine to me lol.. but I liked my souvenir glass lol
- Gingerbread Man- hands down my favorite drink of the night! Bourbon, ginger beer and cinnamon syrup YUM!!
- Holiday Sangria - and man that was STRONG!
Overall.. the experience was well worth the visit! I hear their theme changes every year too so I definitely think it's worth checking out!! Expect lines and expensive drinks.. but you're also paying for the experience :-)
Happy Holidays!Like Santa, Tinsel is back in town for the holidays for only a short time and they have decked the walls with literally every tacky decoration you've ever seen, and also the ceiling and stairwells. It looks like Santa's elves got drunk and went way overboard decorating but I am here for it.
Before you go know what you're getting into:
- Waiting in line with 20 year olds who memorized the astrological signs for their fake IDs and want to prove it to the bouncer
- Very crowded bar area and everyone is here for the gram, taking pictures, not taking your personal space into account
- The cheapest novelty drink is $12 for a shot of Jim beam in an ornament. That's 4x what it costs at Bob and Barbara's. To compensate, I will make at least 4 of my family members take a shot out of this at Christmas. The $18 snow globe is a round mason jar with the elf on the lid and I heard tasted like glue. The  other shot come in a little boot shot glass with whipped cream. You can also get a drink in a soup can that the proceeds go to manna. These are not quality craft cocktails. You are paying for the Christmas bows that cover the ceiling.
- I would spend 30 mins tops here, or about as long as it takes you to get a drink, take a picture of it, drink it, and walk out.
Definitely worth the stop just to say you did it, but if you're into talking to or hearing your friends at a bar or having more that a foot between you and strangers, pull a Grinch and don't touch this place with a thirty nine and a half foot pole!I visited Tinsel with a few friends in late December while the pop up was still open. It was a cozy reprieve from the gross weather outside and the decor was well done. It served as a nice dose of Christmas cheer without being too crazy flashy.
I feel like a pop up such as this one would be fun in the summer. Christmas in July? I think they should consider that. I'd visit if I'm around.
Tinsel was my last stop of the day, so I opted against one of their signature cocktails and instead bought a can of lager. Not my typical, but it wasn't bad.
I'm glad I got to check out Tinsel during its brief operation!(to the tune of "Santa Claus is Coming to Town")
You best get in line, you'd better not cry
Don't even whine, I'm tellin' you why 
The bar Tinsel's popped back in town.
Get there early, rain, snow, or ice,
Philly loves pop-ups and this one's quite nice.
The bar Tinsel's popped back in town.
Your friends will want to go there,
There might just be a wait, 
But get a drink (they're strong as hell),
Wouldn't recommend for a first date ....
You best get in line, you'd better not cry
Don't even whine, I'm tellin' you why 
The bar Tinsel's popped back in town.
Tinsel has definitely leveled up since their first run in 2017-18 season. The decorations are better, the drinks are stronger, and the kitsch is through the roof. 
That said, it's not a flawless situation. It's a tight space (jewelry stores aren't typically equipped for big crowds) and I won't even bother waiting for the bathroom. The drink prices are steep, but take into account a) you're paying for the experience, too and b) they're strong. IMHO, a great spot to swing by for a drink or two, carol a bit, and then move onto your next stop.
So merry to have you back, Tinsel.This place was okay. The decor was fun but it's extremely small and the drinks are subpar. Not much walking room either and if its packed, forget it. You'll be a sardine for the night. Still worth a visit if you're into Christmas decorations.Tinsel is a fantastic novelty pop up bar for so many reasons. One of the #1 things is walking into Tinsel's winter wonderland and being wowed by the flashy holiday decorations, lights everywhere and being excited the same as you would to open a gift. WHATS IN HERE?? Adult drinks!!! Yay!!! 97% of the people who I saw enter were grinning ear to ear with camera phones put on record. Its just coming in as part of the 1st time excitement. 
It's actually the one very few special escapes for adults to be able to have a drink and enjoy something in their own hideout holiday novelty for the season. Everyone at Tinsel is rejoiced in happiness. For one, they have a limit of people they let in so it's not overwhelming with crowds. Two, they have drinks out of jingle balls! My inner child was screaming with joy and throwing back vodka drinks. Yesssss! Lastly, it's in a good area to the German Christmas Village and the train station. Location matters. 
Final words: bring a friend, bring a cool coworker, an out of towner and if the line has a 15 minute wait...it's worth it!You cannot sit and have a drink here. I went to an adorable place on south street last night (12/10/2020) and I was able to sit and drink outside no problem. And no I did not have to order food at said south street bar. Socially distanced. Great. Tinsel is: walk in. Order an over priced drink (that's not even good!!) take some cliche Instagram pic at their little Christmas photo op set up. Then walk right out with your to-go drink. I'm sorry but isn't the reason we over pay for crappy Christmas cocktails for the experience? I get it. We can't be inside. It's a pandemic. Wah. But at least offer cute outdoor seating like other places. If you want to sit outside at tinsel you have to order food. And I've experienced places that don't force you to order food. Tinsel is a Huge loss this year DO NOT GO. my to go cocktail not only cost me $15 but tasted bad and was a massive inconvenience to carry around as I browsed through stores and walked around the city. So angry I wasted money buying a drink here only to walk around in the cold with cold hands as well. Don't go here this year just please everyone stay home and save your $$Usually this place is great but DO NOT buy their $20 Haunted house tour. Complete waste of money. The decoration this year was terrible and it takes about 30 seconds to tour through the "house". Then they give you a bogus drink at the end. Waste of $20.We came here the first year it was open but decided to come back since it looked like they added a lot more decorations. We went to nightmare before tinsel and were very impressed. Tinsel this year was decorated in the same way as nightmare, instead of satan's throne they have a Santa's throne, they have decorations hanging from the ceiling, Christmas movies playing etc. I enjoyed taking photos with all the over the top decorations, but my husband hated me bugging him to take them. 
The thing that bothered me was that there was a $5 cover. I knew they had cover on Saturday nights but was not expecting a cover at 6:00 on a Friday night, I think that was a little too early for a cover. We would have went during the week but were already in the area for a friend's birthday so that's  why we went Friday. We just paid it cause we were already in line but next time we will come during the week. Surprisingly though it was actually less crowded than it was when we were there on a Thursday night for nightmare before tinsel. Maybe they are enforcing the room capacity limits more so now than before, or the Halloween one is more popular. It was nice that we could actually walk around this time. 
Drinks we had were good but overpriced, and I would have liked them in glasses rather than plastic cups. I wanted a keepsake so I got the canned good drink which had cranberries, Red Bull, Cruzan rum and cinnamon in a can that says tinsel on it. I saw some people with drinks in a Santa plush with a round circle and thought it was the snow globe and was about to get it, but glad I asked first. Turns out that was the fishbowl drink and was $35. The snow globe was a small glass bowl so I didn't get it. 
Overall had a good time. Like people said this is a bar to go to for the experience, not to get the best drinks.*2018 Season Review*
The Tinsel Pop-Up Bar is an experience you need to prepare in advance before you visit!  I remember hearing about Tinsel last year, but missed the window to visit.
Ok-so here is the deal--you can't miss the place--the decorations spill out into the street!  If you are lucky enough not to have to wait in line--Once inside the place is packed & you can't see the bar!  
You will quickly decide if you will stay or go--if you stay-the small space doesn't scream-stay with us for a spell!  Lol -- This is a POP-IN--Drink--POP-OUT --Kinda Spot!  Lol
The Christmas flavored drinks are tasty and expensive-but it's apart of the TINSEL Experience!  Go For It!
Glad I went--but also glad to leave...the crowds..the decorations... Baby give me a Xanax; more drinks or something to calm me down..Lol
Check it out if you are in the area! See what you think?I think this bar is super cute and a fun experience since it will only be here for this Christmas season! 
It is overly decorated (don't get me wrong, I LOVED it) with Christmas front head to toe, from back to front.  Even the ceiling tiles were wrapped in wrapping paper.  They have fun festive menu of cocktails and draft beers and they do have happy hour specials, but I am not sure on the exact details of hours or pricing.  Yes they serve their drinks in plastic cups...honestly, who cares? The place gets PACKED as soon as it's opens and there aren't many places to put your drinks down, so I happen to think having a plastic cup that you can easily toss in a trash can is much easier than searching for a table or making your way back to the crowded bar in order to put it down when you're finished.   
If you have the time, and you love Christmas, I would definitely give this place a try even for just one drink.Place was cool for the holidays. They bend you over the barrel for drinks but that's expected from any type of "pop up" thing you're gonna go toI think I've been to Tinsel 3 times now between it's Halloween and Christmas versions.  It's an instagram focused pop up bar.  You pay the cover (recently $5) and go into the packed bar for themed (and poorly made) drinks in novelty cups and take pictures with the decorations.  Pay the money, get your pictures, and leave.  I can't really imagine staying here long.  But, go ahead, it's fun for a few minutes and then adjourn to better bars in the area.Worst bartenders. It was packed couldn't move everyone needed a drink and all 3 bartenders were eating Chinese food and texting and talking to each other. Took 20 mins to even get the girls attention. She looked miserable and was rude.Went to nightmare before tinsel and it was NOT worth $30. The guy in the walkthrough was good, but after you're let out of the "asylum" there was no direction what so ever. The free drink was a waste and while we were trying to get a table the hostess was SO rude and no one seemed to be able to give us a straight answer about anything. What a waste of moneyFor my final review of the year I usually like to end on a note of holiday cheer. And as soon as I first saw photos of the Christmas lit exterior, and read how Teddy Sourias of Bru/Cinder fame had purchased the spot next door to his Finn McCool's location and transformed it into a pop-up holiday bar before he set out to begin work on a new unnamed project within (http://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2017/12/08/tinsel-christmas-cocktail-bar-midtown-village/),I really couldn't think of anywhere better for it this year! And from the gift wrapped ceiling and mini Krampus mural, to strong holiday beers and themed cocktails, Tinsel delivered everything that I could possibly imagine in a holiday themed bar!
Tonight was the beginning of their final weekend (so if you are reading this and are intrigued get down there!), so a fustercluck of a crowd was to be expected, But despite that and their only being two bartenders and a bar back to help said crowd, they really didn't miss a beat in delivering good service and creating some potent cocktails. While the holiday old fashioned might have been a bastardization of all traditional old fashioneds, the whiskey and orange liquer infused drink did pack a potent wallop in a not too festive blue color and a sour cherry on top. In its final weekend the usual suspects like Mad Elf and Hardywood Gingerbread Stout weren't on rotation. But great brews like Founders Backwoods Bastard and High Water's Sugaree Maple Bourbon Pecan Pie made for beyond suitable replacements. And despite being one of the more overcrowded bars that I may have been a part of, the unique holiday decor, festive holidays songs (that oddly weren't ear piercing after going through the main part of the holidays!), and everything in between made it worthwhile.
With Teddy Sourias being the name behind Uptown Beer Garden over the summer he's no stranger to delivering a good pop up bar. So, while his new as of now unknown concept bar may long move into this spot next year, here's to hoping that he's finds a way to follow suit and make Tinsel an ongoing tradition in the wintertime!I went 12/22 at 5 pm. Few days before Christmas so I figured it be a little crazy so my expectations were low as one should.
In a word: yikes.
1) $5 cash cover on a Wednesday at 5 pm
2) All the $15-$20 cocktails were premixed in bottles. I got a Santa Suit, which was a 6 ingredient drink but was a pre-mix bottle that the bartender didn't even shake before pouring and then a mountain of grapefruit juice. Tasted like sadness, no alcohol, grapefruit juice and definite future food poisoning (after the bartender got ice in the cups with his hands, I totally saw the barback reach his uncovered hands into the ice to fill an ice bucket up).
3) There are 2 bathrooms which are unmarked. If you didn't ask you'd think they had several supply closets. When I asked the bartender where is the bathroom, they pointed towards a door. I went to it and it was locked. The patrons said "yeah we've been here before and you have to ask for them to unlock it". Was able to find the other bathroom and when I finally got in it smelled like sewage and the floor was covered in an inch of water.
4) decor was fun and festive
Definitely avoid this place like it's the Krampus and you owe it money.Aesthetic was nice. There's a $5 cash cover charge. Drinks were not great and overpriced. Do not order the Reindeer Fuel.Tacky decorations and ridiculously packed with people in ugly sweater attire... what more would you want from a pop-up Christmas bar? I was feeling a hump day drink to carry me over until the weekend, and Tinsel seemed just right.
From holiday decorations and lights, to the ceiling covered in gift wrap, to a little Santa, and even a tree over in the corner, you will immediately be put into Christmas mode when you walk in. They had Christmas classics playing through the night and even holiday beers and cocktails to match the theme! Check out the photos for more information on the drinks they have to offer!
I started with the candy cane sangria and although it did taste like a candy cane, it just wasn't for me. I tasted the vodka more than anything else. Heads up to all: this is a premixed cocktail so no accommodations can be made (I had tried asking for it without the vodka and just the wine, but was told no). 
After finding out that the sangria was just not for me, I decided to get the spiked hot chocolate. You could choose between Bacardi coconut or bailey's salted caramel. I chose the bailey's and wow, it definitely hit the spot! I'm a huge fan of hot chocolate in general, so adding a little booze to it was fine by me! The salted caramel flavor was a great touch. This holiday drink was perfect!
The reason I knocked off a star is because I do wish they were a little more generous with the prices. The cocktails (some of which were premixed) were served in plastic cups and ranged from $10 - $12. Beers ranged from $6 - $8. It is after all the only Christmas bar in Philly though, so I guess you can expect that. 
Overall, I enjoyed the 1.5 hours I spent here, and it was a good way of starting off a week full of holiday cheer!I have to admit that all of my most basic tendencies come out during those magical four weeks in December, after Thanksgiving and before Christmas.  So when I heard about a pop-up Christmas themed bar, I naturally had to check it out.
Tinsel felt a bit like a college basement party, in the best way possible - tacky, over the top decor without the worry about stepping into vomit.  The details were impressive, from the holiday-themed drink menus tucked inside Christmas cards to festive wrapping paper on every individual ceiling tile.  The space was tight, but even our relatively big large group found a space to settle into once the happy hour crowd faded a bit. 
Tinsel's time may be over, but I would gladly welcome a second coming next December.Tinsel was hard not to notice when walking down 12th with its festive Santa Clause and beautifully tacky decorations out front. I stopped in with a friend around 12:30 on a Friday night expecting that Tinsel was the kind of place you walk in, buy a drink and leave after finishing it. I was surprised to see that it was actually really crowded and a lot of people had been there all night. There were multiple Christmas trees and the entire place was decked out in wrapping paper. It was fun to take pictures with all of the fun decorations. Tinsel looks small from outside, but it was pretty big inside with multiple rooms. The music is my one complaint. If I'm going to a bar called tinsel, I want to hear Christmas music loud and clear, which wasn't really happening. They were playing songs quietly and they weren't really common songs I had heard before. 
The drink menu was awesome. Each drink had its own holiday themed name and consisted of some fun combination. I had the "merry margarita." It tasted delicious but was small, especially for $11. However, I was kind of expecting that. You're paying for the experience. The bartenders were friendly and quick. There was also no cover which was a plus.Your Christmas pop up bar is back for the season. I've here for the last 3 or 4 years at least once but this is my first review. If u don't already know it's a holiday bar that is usually open for Christmas and Halloween. It's always decorated really nicely. I decided to stop by after work. They have a cover charge to enter for $5 and their drink prices went up a little bit which is expected as everywhere is but I tried one of their Grey Goose drinks that comes in like a Campbell's Soup looking can and the drink was really good I forget the name of it though. It does get a little tight in there with it being a small place so u might want to drink and get there early or during a weekdaymy serve Antionette was one of the best servers i've had!! she made my experience there so  amazing as it was my first time there. tinsel was a great hangout but what took the cake was antionette, hands down if you go to her ask for her!!! best server there can't say it enough!!!Tinsel has been the go-to holiday bar in Philly for about 4 or 5 years now. Open in the winter and decked out for Christmas, and, spooked up for Halloween.
I've gone for both holidays, each year it's been open. Generally the decor is the same year after year but they do vary it somewhat. If my memory is correct, the drink menus are also pretty similar year after year but that's okay, because you're likely only going here one or two times per year, so by the time you return the next year, it will have been a while since you experienced everything. 
Tinsel is not big, it's a pretty narrow space, but decently long. There is some sitting/standing room at the bar, and then standing room throughout the rest of the space.
Are their drinks amazing? Hmm. They're not necessarily top knotch quality or taste but they are unique and on-theme, so that's a plus. Prices are about average for Philly, maybe a dollar or two higher than 'normal.'
The experience is so much fun though, and obviously Insta-worthy. Tinsel (and The Nightmare Before Tinsel, if you're coming for Halloween) is a great spot to get in the holiday mood.
I love it here and will certainly come back year after year. Note that this year vax cards are required for entry.Yearning for holiday fun during this crazy pandemic -- walking over to Tinsel was an experience!
The Christmas decor was very interesting inside! There's so many lights and Christmas stuff everywhere! There's even snow falling lol! They have a place you can post up and snap some pics with your homegirls (your boo or homeboys)!
We ordered the elf energy drink that came with an elf (my homie had Santa) -- hanging off of a replica of a snow globe! So freakin cute! Not only was it cute -- the drink offered some energy and a bit of a buzz! Yaasss!
Due to COVID-19 current restrictions, we had to take our drinks to-go. Luckily, outside there was one lonely bar high table that we were able to post-up. 
My only drawback of Tinsel is that social distancing wasn't more enhanced. It's challenging for places like this but we have to make sure that we're all safe!So fun!! Had to wait in line to get in, but was worth it for the Christmas explosion inside. Drinks were crazy overpriced, but the ambiance makes up for it. This bar is great to stop by, have one drink and snap a bunch of photos, then move on. Highly recommend for a laugh and to get in the Christmas spirit with friends.What a great concept...a holiday themed pop up bar! I dig it!! And I must give my husband props for knowing about it before I did. 
The owners of Finn Mc Cools purchased the jewelry store attached to them and made it into a last minute holiday bar with cheesy colored Christmas lights all around, wrapping paper ceiling and festive drinks (seasonal beer and about a half a dozen cocktails) on a menu that looked like a greeting card! Fun!
Perhaps my favorite part was that we could bring the kiddos with us for Shirley Temples! Yep, we're those parents that bring our kids to the bar haha 
Drinks were very good, strong, and certainly got you in the holiday spirit...
Hardywood Morning Stout on draft which had coffee, cinnamon and nutmeg. Warming and filling. 
This Little Nog Of Mine a creamy eggnog cocktail he absolutely loved. 
Harvest Mule- cranberry vodka & ginger beer with the most delicious red and green sugared rim! Yum! 
My only complaint would be the plastic cups, but I get it...it's not permanent. For $10-$12 a pop for a cocktail, I really wanted a glass. 
It was a laid back, casual atmosphere. Not a ton of seating but they did have three rooms filled with lights, Santa's and trees to cozy up in. Oh, and be careful, the restroom door sticks! 
We had a ball here! Everyone was friendly and in good spirits including the bartenders. We would definitely come back again!Super fun and festive Halloween style bar! I had a great time. We got here a bit early because we expected long lines on a Friday night and there was. When we were leaving the line was longggg, so I suggest you come a little earlier. There's a $5 cover charge. Drinks are pretty good and right on theme! I enjoyed myself and will be back. Can't wait to check out the Christmas theme.Imagine being a kid again and having that feeling of excitement that Santa's going to bring to presents, but instead you wake up on Christmas Day to your older brother telling you Santa isn't real. That's how I feel about Tinsel. One big disappointment. This place is only good for the instagram pict. To be fair, the decoration is SWEET. It looks like someone threw up Christmas, in the good way. But that's the extent of this place. It's insanely packed around the holidays, the happy hour drinks are ridiculously expensive, and the holiday drinks are not original. It's worth popping in to take a picture, but then save your money and head to McGillins instead.Eh, would pass on coming here again. The drinks are extremely expensive - $17 was the cheapest drink at the bar (and that's without tip!). The drinks weren't even good, just extremely over priced because of the decorations. I will admit the decorations are quite nice and the overall bar did have a nice Christmas vibe to it, but it's definitely not worth paying the hefty price (oh, and $5 cover) and getting crammed in the bar with absolutely no place to go. I'll give it a 2 star rating and not 1 star because you know exactly what you're getting yourself into, so it's not like they're marketing it incorrectly.~2018 Holiday Review!~
Our group of 4 popped into Tinsel for a little yuletide cheer. "Packed" doesn't even begin to describe it...and it was only 6:30 PM on a Saturday! 
We (very slowly) made our way to the bar for some seasonal cocktails to wet our whistles. Three of us ordered The Canned Good with vodka (really good) and one of us ordered the white sangria (not great). We stayed for one drink, took a few selfies, and went on our merry way (pardon the pun).
This is not the kind of place where you'll be spending your evening - this is more of a one-and-done kind of joint. Maybe a two-and-done if you're lucky enough to get back up to the bar amidst the crowd. 
And there are NOT 3 rooms at Tinsel - there is only one room (unless you're counting the 2 bathrooms as additional rooms). Expect to experience that "sardine" feeling. If you are claustrophobic, then proceed with caution. 
Don't let the line deter you. It moves quickly and you'll be happy to have a picture to prove that you survived the madness. If this place does not put you into the holiday spirit, then nothing will! 
Ho Ho Ho!This one gets a 5 star for Christmas decorations for sure but they giving it three because they had ran out of all the drinks we wanted to try. So just we had whatever was available. It's a cozy little place, no bar stools or chairs so be prepared to stand, a party of 2 to 4 would do nicely but more than that would probably struggle fitting in. But it was a nice experience nonetheless. The ladies at the bar were nice and friendly.By far, this is one of the best things to do in Philly.  Sensory overload of awesomeness is an understatement-- great drinks, a wildly fun vibe, and if you don't like that, perhaps you are the real-life Scrooge!So sad that this place was only pop up and open until 12/31. That being said, this pop up served its purpose... Christmas cocktails, spiked hot chocolate, lights, tiles wrapped with wrapping paper, the leg lamp, and Christmas music. I would like to see this pop up again next year, maybe to a slightly bigger location that offers more seating.Spooktacular good times! Came to Nightmare Before Tinsel at the recommendation of a friend during our visit to Philly. IT. WAS. AWESOME!!! We had no wait to get inside on a Sunday- even the weekend before Halloween- so I was honestly very surprised. 
COVID procedures well-followed (aka, bring that vaccine card! and check whatever is required in advanced online!), staff was super friendly, and we were off to explore and booze it up.
I got the Pumpkin Spice coffee drink- we ended up sampling each other's drinks, all my friends got different drinks. The drinkware is SO FUN- and you get to KEEP IT!!! Talk about a great souvenir from my trip!
Best of all would be the decor- all the details, from the screaming skeletons and motion activated monsters on my way to the bathroom... I mean, the P*sser and Sh*tter (yes, that's what they called them). 
BOO and BOOZE- can it get better?In spirit of Halloween, we decided to check out Nightmare at Tinsel. You have to purchase tickets on their website which costs $15/person. This also comes with a free alcoholic beverage and dessert per person.
The drinks menu on their website sounded cool and amazing, and convinced me to buy the tickets.
I did not realize we would be walking through a haunted bar with someone scaring you from behind a window (modern COVID problems require modern solutions), and mannequins dropping from the ceiling. It was cool but only lasted probably 5 minutes -- as keep in mind, this is still a bar in Center City. The guy who was doing the scaring was really nice and took pictures for us in the last room before we exited the bar.
As we walked outside, we proceeded to pick up our free drinks. We were told the drinks on the menu do not apply to the tickets, instead we could choose from 3 options. An IPA beer, a 'vodka-based' drink and I forget what the third one was. So we went for the 'vodka-based' drink. 
FYI, you cannot sit in one of their outdoor booths unless you are ordering food. So boo for that. As we walked on and I had the first taste of our free 'vodka-based' drinks, I was disgusted. This drink tasted like jungle juice, which I have not had in many, many years and did not want to be drinking this afternoon. 
We ended up throwing out the drinks. As for the free dessert, it was a baked dirt pudding cup, with a sour worm sticking out. It looked cute, but tasted like it was made by a terrible supermarket bakery. Ugh.
Turned off by the bad drinks and dessert, we walked over to El Vez to pick up some margaritas to wash down the bad taste in our mouths.Honestly, if you're looking for a pop up Christmas bar with throw up type (that's a good thing in my eyes) decorations everywhere that make you feel like you just walked into somewhere surreal than this is it!!! 
They have this awesome little "photo booth" room with a blue chair that's super cool to take pictures in, their drinks are pretty tasty and pretty costly too but you're paying for an experience here so just splurgeeeee a little! 
We had these little shots that were like crème de mente and vodka actually pretty tasty and was in this little ornament type of container. Majority of their drinks are done in their collectible tin type cans which is super cute! 
Overall, it's a vibe... a Christmas vibe!! You get what you're going for... so stop being a ginch and stop by!I love anything themed and Tinsel does over the top holiday decor well. Its literally decorated with a ton of Halloween decor  I'm assuming until Mariah Carey hits the switch for the Christmas season and then it looks like the bar that Santa's elves chill in after a long shift. It's literally over the top.  
Tinsel is a center city bar so the prices are expected but the drinks aren't bad. Staff is cool and music is basically the top 100 so not too bad either. This is definitely a social media worthy place to visit.We stopped by here around 3pm on a Saturday. When we got there, there was no receptionist or security at the door so we just walked in. When we left, there was a security guy checking vax cards. What's the point in checking if you're going to let a bunch of people through without it?
It was PACKED and HOT inside and the ambience was just not it. It's a divey Christmas pop up with crazy and unorganized decorations. 
Terrible drinks that are upcharged worse than NYC prices ($20 for a hot chocolate and skrewball shot, anywhere else in philly is 10-15 at max).  The drink we did get was $15, and it was the most foul cocktail I've had - it was tiny (two gulps at best), full of ice, and ridiculously sweet. The cream base was separating from the liquid base which made it less appetizing. 
Spend your money else where.HANDS DOWN, THE BEST HOLIDAY/CHRISTMAS BAR IN PHILADELPHIA. There is no competition - sleigh bells are wringing, Santa is singing, and Stevie is jingling! 
If you are looking for a Christmas bar during the winter in Philly, this is your best and top option!The bar is Christmas themed. I got the Grinch shot and another drink in a Santa boot. Paid about 35-40 bucks for both and that's including the tip I added for the bartender. Both drinks were very sweet not enough to get you tipsy. If you're looking for a fun place to meet your friends to start the night Tinsel is it. The staff was friendly and the holiday chair was the perfect instagram photo spot. If you're worried about Covid no one wears masks inside. It's very crowded on the weekend and they do check to confirm everyone has been vaccinated. Better late than never but happy holidays.I decided to try this place out after Christmas to beat the crowd. It's definitely the perfect pop-up bar for the holidays, despite its small size. Not only does it have cute photo opportunities but there are holiday-themed cocktails and so many beautiful Christmas decorations. When we went there was a 5$ cover charge which we were not expecting since the "Nightmare Before Tinsel" pop-up did not have any cover. If you are looking for a Christmas spirited bar then the 5$ is worth it. The drinks, on the other hand, are overpriced and you're better off taking your pictures and just ordering a drink not on the cocktail menu.