I wish the energy level here matched the colorful allure. Tio Flores is right on a South Street West corner, not far from many of my preferred local haunts, like Magpie, The Cambridge, and the PHS Beer Garden.
While the interior was brightly decorated, the food and environment were lacking last Saturday. It was dinner time, yet there were plenty of open seats. We were told their one big booth was reserved, but no one ever sat there throughout our visit. Instead, our server led us to a communal table with fairly uncomfortable seats. The only other option was the bar, but the seats there don't have backs and I have a bad back sooo pass.
If you're into cocktails, margs, etc., they have a bunch of choices. I would have gone down that route if I hadn't been at a beer fest for most of the afternoon. I will say Tio's beer list is pretty solid. Lots of your usual suspects but also a handful of new-to-me brews, like Sixpoint's Jammer. I was pretty happy with my selection.
For my meal, I chose the Suiza Enchiladas (chicken, roasted tomato sauce, queso mixto, cilantro, pickled onion, corn tortilla, $13) after a confirmation of mild spice from our friendly waitress. I'd say the spice level is more like moderate, but I'm also the wimp who can't tolerate most spices so maybe disregard.
The dish itself was okay and a fair size. I wouldn't order it again, and I wouldn't order their tacos either (outrageous price for 2 of them!), but maybe I'd try a different app or entree.
Tio wouldn't be somewhere I'd consider suggesting in the future, but if a group is already planning to visit, I'd join. It's middle-of-the-road Mexican all the way.Chicken tinge tacos and the portobello questions thing! It's heaven, everyone must try it.
Drinks are solid and we'll made. Music is awesome and makes the whole place. Kitchen serves food till 1 am...definitely a plus.I wasn't going to write a review but after reading some other thoughts on this place, I changed my mind. 
The best reviews are from when the restaurant first opened and it's obvious it has gone downhill since. 
The service is lackluster at best. 
It doesn't surprise me that there needs to be an incentive to get people to come in i.e. Happy hour and dollar tacos three times a week.
The entire concept is mediocre at best.The atmosphere is so cool - I've been wanting to stop in for a while simply because of the fun, colorful lights and the metal goat statue that proudly stands outside sometimes (and inside at the door to greet you when it's raining). We got the House Guacamole and some drinks, and I gotta say, that guac is AMAZING, and I'm not even a fan of it usually. The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the lack of a drink variation on their menu - they have a HUGE variety, but 60-70% are just beers, when I like everything but.This place gets 3 stars, only because of the drinks. Margaritas are pretty good. Each of us ordered one. A strawberry and blueberry, they were very tasty and the bartender was awesome. However, I wasn't very impressed by the rest of my experience. Went for dinner on a Friday night, small place and busy. Promptly got a drink but waited about 30 minutes for a table for 2. When seated, we were at a long table with other guests, not very intimate when you are bumping elbows with the person beside you. It was extremely loud and you had to yell to the person across from you. Food was decent at best, $5 a taco and a $6 up charge for rice and beans seems a little steep. Staff was friendly, but we were checked on multiple times. It almost seemed as though we were being rushed.Food was good! Drinks we ok not the best. They bring out chips and salsa then charge you for it.  Overall the atmosphere was good and the staff was really nice.Having been here for the second time, I am just as pleased as the first. Although the bar is small and the seating at tables can be a little awkward, I have enjoyed coming here.
I ended my long weekend here as it was one of the only restaurant still open and taking tables around 9:20pm Sunday night. I'm thankful the circumstances led me here once again. 
We started with margaritas, an original and the sangarita and guac. The guac is very deceiving- at first glance it looks like a small amount but it was the perfect portion with just the right amount of chips. It isn't overly filled with a million ingredients and had a a few chunky pieces which are all aspects I enjoy and believe are essential to a solid guacamole. 
We ordered the chicken tinga and steak tacos- making one of them a platter. The chicken tinga tacos were very tasty, as were the steak but I believe it benefited from the lime sauce on the table whereas the chicken did not need any add-ons. The rice was a pleasant surprise - peas and carrots and creamy. The beans were great with the queso fresco drizzled on top. With the guac app, all of these was just the right amount of very good food for two of us. We ended our meal with another round of drinks.. I took a chance and ordered the jalopeno infused tequila and let me warn you, it is HOT. It doesn't quite hit you until it's in your chest and that made it difficult to enjoy.. for me, at least. The waiter (who was running a one man show and doing it perfectly) saw this and happily swapped it with an original margarita with no extra charge. He really did an impeccable job handling everything that night. 
I will admit I'm sad I could not find what I ordered the first time I visited on this menu- it left the most positive memory. it was some type of "drunken" sandwich. But nevertheless, the positive notion of tio flores continues. I will be returning.We did not have a good experience. The waitress was great but it took forever for our food (not her fault). We got the "Fajitas for Two" and they were pretty good, but they only gave us 5 tortilla shells. When we asked for more, we were told that we would be charged for them. Last time I checked 5/2 isn't a whole number. What a scam. They 100% intentionally do not give you enough tortillas. We had a good amount of leftover fillings just requiring shells. 
Don't think I will go back.Omg. So good. This spicy prick cocktail changed my life. Tacos were amazing, and I'm from LA. The spices in the rice have this crazy effect, get it with the rice. Can't wait to go back!We called ahead on a Saturday night figuring this restaurant would be busy.  Sara at the front desk took our call ahead reservation.  When we arrived we checked in and were given a pager.  After watching numerous customers coming in and getting seated immediately we check again with Sara and she said something went wrong and we were not  on the list--strike one, Joe the manager came over immediately and offered us a free appetizer ok-- when we received the bill, the appetizer was charged to us.  Charlie said it was another error and took it off immediately strike two.  Also, we had to wait a very long time for someone to clear our plates and had to get Charles attention strike three.... not sure if we will go back.Obsessed with their suiza enchiladas (both chicken tinga & pork carnitas), and pretty sure I could live off their guac. Also loooove the Prickly Pear, Watermelon, and Spicy Prick margaritas.This is one of my favorite taco places in the city! Great deal Monday's are dollar tacos and they have a variety from chicken and lentil!! Great prices for margaritas as well! Good spot for a Monday drink would recommend!Food and drinks were awesome! We had the nachos which are now my favorite in the city and the tacos which are very good as well. The ambiance leaves a little to be desired with it being a small space that they are trying to fit more people in, but will definitely be going here on a more regular basis for margaritas and food.Good food and drinks. Warm and inviting, the owner, manager, and staff are very accommodating and friendly. Next time you're in south street in philly give this place a try. I recommend the corn and tacos.Absolutely great food and awesome ambiance. The meals sort of remind me of tapas that you get in a rugged bar in say somewhere like Granada, but the feel is still distinctly Mexican. Dope spot none the less.All around awesome menu! The bar is very cool, drinks are excellent - I love the jalapeño margarita.. Yum!Killer happy hour specials! Try the blood orange margarita for starters. Didn't get a chance to sample the food yet but I'll get around to it eventually. My companions they said the food was great, so I'll take their word for it. I can't wait until the weather gets warmer so they can start with the outdoor seating. This is certainly going to be my go-to place on South Street West of broad. The only drawback is the limited seating at the bar. Great rock and roll vibe.So on a whim after getting my haircut, I decided to go to this place that looked trendy and cool. nice open air restaurant with great decor. I ordered the Burrito with chicken and a side guac. I had this to go. I got home and saw the burrito came with a small side salad, a great surprise because I didn't remember reading that it did come with salad. 
The first bite into this burrito was really flavorful, chicken so tender, it's pulled and a hint of spicy. This was better than Cantina. The guac was really delicious as well and is better than Cantina and on the level if not better than El Vez. The sisde salad was fresh and tasty also with a hint of spicy. This place was a great on-the-whim choice and I'm glad. I'll definitely be back.Amazing Chorizo Fundito , but they don't give you enough tortillas so you gotta order more. But worth itJust stopped in for drinks with my girlfriend and I have to say the margaritas are the best!!! I had the one with cilantro in it and it was out of this world! I am looking forward to going back and actually eating here. If their food is as good as their drinks then I found my new favorite Mexican restaurant!If going to the same restaurant multiple times in one week is wrong, than I don't want to be right :)  We love Tio Flores... and may be getting to the point of becoming "regulars"! The dollar taco nights on Monday's are a great way to kick off the week - but chances are we are usually back again for one of their great specials or a few spicy margaritas sometime later in the week. The wait staff are always friendly and welcoming, the guacamole is delicious, and its the perfect place to sit at the bar or outside on a great weather night. Definitely happy to have great mexican in the neighborhood!The chicken tinga tacos were PHENOMENAL. Service was super friendly. I'm looking forward to going back ASAP!i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food here. small menu but delicious - elote was great, as were the various taco options (and I was happy to see lots of fish and chicken in additional to traditional pork, since I don't eat pork). my only complaint - the "not a colada" drink that I ordered came out as a barely half full glass. It was almost like a glorified shot - delicious but way overpriced for a tiny little rum drink. I figured that it was probably supposed to be like that otherwise the waiter would have noticed, but he was also the most laid back waiter I'd ever met. when he finally came back to check on us as we were almost finished with our meals, I mentioned that my drink was more of a shot than what was described in the menu, and that maybe he could pass along to management to consider redoing the description so other people don't have the same reaction. apparently, it was good that I said something because there was a new bartender training that day and I did NOT get the actual drink I should have. still not sure why nobody else caught that before it came out, but the manager came over to apologize with a new, full glass on the house, and also sent us dessert, which I thought was above and beyond when it comes to customer service. as a fellow small business owner, I really appreciate it when businesses take comments from customers seriously and attempt to address anything that's wrong. so, in short - the food IS worth it, be selective when you order drinks (if you want a bigger drink that's also good, my husband was a fan of the margarita), great atmosphere, excellent customer service from the management. also love their snarky sidewalk sign filled with puns.*I am a vegan so I can only rate my experience based on their vegan options*
The service was really great, our waitress was very nice and attentive. The prices were really high for what you get though, we ordered guacamole and cups for 10$ and you only get a tiny bit of guacamole. The Seitan tacos were pretty tasty. We had a really nice experience but probably won't be back because it was fairly expensive for the amount of food and quality.It saddens me that after such a nice stroll across Philadelphia, I find myself face to face with overpriced, dry tacos with dried fridge-style meat.
Must get: guac?
Meh: al pastor tacos, tio's margarita 
Missed: maybe carnitas tacos
This place is well loved by friends, possibly due to the happy hour deals and the $1 tacos. But for this yelper, who decided to visit its shop at 7pm on a Wednesday evening, I can guarantee that I will not return for any occasions unless they seriously change their menus. As starters, we got the classic guac and plantains. Despite the garnishes on the plantains, I don't see how simply fried sweet plantains should have charged that much money. The guac tasted freshly made, but for the amount of guac provided with an overabundance of average, cold, stale chips, I don't think it justified the $10+. Moving onward, the margarita, rather, the store's signature margarita tasted like someone dragged a leaky barrel of cheap tequila through the dead sea and placed a dried up lime as an after-thought. The tacos were the greatest disappointment. For $9, I received 3 single soft-shelled disappointments with the meat as tough as leather, dry as the desert and cold to boot. I could have counted the independent number of garnishes on all 3 tacos with two hands. At least the house sauce was able to provide some juices to each bite. Of course, my wife got the nachos that arrived much later than all of our meals, so she just sat as we ate our already cold tacos.
Unlike Ali Wong's hilarious comedy sketch, I left Tio's Flores feeling both emotionally and gastronomically abused.
Food: 1 star
Service: 2 stars
Price: 1 stars
Ambiance: 2 stars - I like the open windows during the summer time, but the music was a bit too loud.Drinks are decent, if not a touch overpriced. Didn't try food on this trip. Atmosphere is nice, though the music is a touch too loud. The bar staff was not overly attentive.A new favorite! Deliciously flavored margaritas. The nachos were phenomenal, with a delicious melted cheese and all the fixins. We also got the mushroom cheese quesadilla which combined a truffle Italian flavor with a classic Mexican fare. Decor and atmosphere really make it a winner- I can't help but want to go in every time I walk by!Small mexican cocktail bar and restaurant. Inside has a hipster trendy vibe. Guacamole and tacos are legit. Love the little squirt bottles of hot sauce on the tables.Stumbled on this little gem on a Sunday afternoon. The brunch menu was fantastic and reasonably priced. The food was absolutely stunning and delicious. A definite new go to.A group of nine of us had a reservation here Saturday night. Everything was ON POINT except for one thing - the extremely slow service. We started off with the round of cocktails. I I started off with the Spicy Prick and then switched to the Blood Orange Margarita with the $1 additional jalapeno spicy as my initial cocktail was wayyy too spicy for me.  
The appetizers were the real starts of the night. We had the Chorizo Guacamole, Street Corn (our favorite), the Chorizo Queso Fundido, and the Chorizo Mac & Cheese with brussel sprouts. All the appetizers were amazing and I would come back just for that. By the time our dinner came out all of us were too full to eat and honestly we should not have all ordered individual entrees. I did have the Chicken Tinga Enchiladas which were good but I was too full so barely even ate it. I would definetly come back again for drinks and appetizers. Hopefully the service will be faster! We had an 8:30 reservation and the whole service took 2.5 hours!My friends and I come here every Monday for the $1 tacos which is a Monday special from 6pm to midnight. The tacos are great and my favorite are the lentil and cauliflower ones. Usually five is enough to fill me up so it's a great deal for a weekday dinner. The margaritas are not very strong and are a little overpriced in my opinion and I once asked a little extra cheese for my tacos and they charged me $3 for it which is ridiculous.Nice trendy new Mexican bar/restaurant. Like with its sister bar a block down, it's extremely loud, so be aware before you go that conversations will be difficult. The food is upscale bar style. The black bean hummus plate is two thirds chips. The flautas come on a bed of spicy salad. The "al pastor" taco was very good, with bits of pineapple and mango.
Also be aware that, although the staff did their very best to accommodate, this place isn't very kid friendly. From the cramped space, to the high chair that couldn't be pulled up to the table, to the lack of kid options on the menu. But it didn't look like most of the packed room cared about that.
The expand on the space, there's a bar at one end, a row of communal tables run down the center of the room, and the other side is lined with small four person booths. The decor is modern and we'll executed.
The sangria we got was good, if not necessarily cheap, and, as you would expect, given the ownership, they had beers on tap, although maybe not the extensive selection you'd expect at their other locations. Most beers on tap are Mexican rather than local. This is fitting, but maybe a little disappointing for a local beer snob.Very great addition to the neighborhood. So happy to see something fun and trendy come to to 16th and South. Food was delicious, service was good and I will definitely be returning.Evrything was cool and groovy till I realized I payed 16 dollars for a burrito. I don't care how special you think your burrito is, it ain't 16 dollars special.My fiance and I were very interested in trying Tios Flores since it is Hawthornes' sister restaurant. We ate here the week it opened and sat at the counter in the back of the restaurant. The restaurant itself is pretty small. The margaritas were good and the staff was very nice. We stared with the Nachos, which were good but something in them (couldn't figure it out) was pretty spicy.  We then shared 3 tacos...we liked the cauliflower taco out of the 3. The tacos were served with rice and beans (on the smaller side portion-wise).  The rice didn't taste like mexican rice, it had more of a sweeter taste to me. We ended with the churros, which were dressed with 3 different sauces (a chocolate, birthday cake type, and couldn't identify the other). We would give it a try but it was not the best mexican food in the city.I was in Philly visiting my college friend and she lives right by this cute little restaurant so we decided to check it out. The aesthetic of the restaurant is pretty cute, decorated with Christmas lights to be festive during this time of the year, but with Mexican flairs. The service here is also very good. 
However, food-wise, I'm not very impressed. I expect more from Mexican restaurants just because having eaten Mexican food from both California and New York City, I'm used to a certain level of tacos, rice, and bean. To start we ordered the House Guacamole and this was the star of the show. The chips were thick and salty which gave it the perfect crunch and the guac itself had good proportions of the onions and pico de gallo. For my main dish I ordered the Chicken Gringa tacos (which come in hard shells) with the platter option. It was pretty tasty, but the chicken was hard to chew. Also, I really expected the rice to be tasty, but I took 2 bites and gave up. It just wasn't seasoned to the way I expected. It's a cute vibe, but expected more from the main dishes.Went for dinner last night with my lady. We didn't have a wait which was nice. Service was good and food was great as well. I ordered chicken tacos and they were fantastic. Also ordered a side of plantains which were also good. Only thing I would say about the restaurant is the water cups are far too tiny.  I had to get a refill about every ten minutes.Good food, nice atmosphere. However, they sure know how to put the "wait" in wait staff. I dined by myself on a calm Sunday night and ordered tacos and corn. After the tacos arrived I assumed the corn would follow shortly thereafter, but the corn did not arrive. I was then billed for both the tacos and the corn I never ate, so I asked for a corrected check. Forty five minutes later I receive the correct check, but that wasn't until I had stood up to look for someone on staff. Also fair to mention, the waiter who took my order never came back after serving my food (just like the waitress who handed me the original check never returned with the corrected one). All in all, I wish I could have enjoyed this place as much as I had planned. Like I said, the food and atmosphere are pretty good! Too bad the service is poor.Honestly, this should be a 2.5 / 5 rating. The place is okay. Interior is really nice but the food is very lacking. Portions are super small for the price. Beers are expensive for only being little 12oz. guys. I don't understand why restaurants popping up in philly are continually pricing their food and beverages high and losing customers. I've noticed a decrease in customers here as I walk by.. hopefully they're getting the clue.Just left and not super excited for this place. 5$ a taco plus 6$ for a tiny side of beans and microwave rice ( this is a lot for a inexpensively prepared Mexican side dish). Also the enchiladas are tasty but they are small and only come in a portion of two for $13. 
The margarita selection was extensive but the glasses could've been a bit bigger with less ice. 
Don't get me wrong. I like that we have more places to eat in this area; it's helping the neighborhood grow. But if you're going to spend this money on tacos you should to Washington ave for the real deal or perhaps el vez and have bigger portions for the same price. I know the manager won't read this but perhaps lower everything on the menu by 1-3$ and you'll have more satisfied customers.I chase tacos around town, especially if they're only ONE DOLLAR like Tio Flores' Wed/Thurs late night deals!  
For being only $1, these tacos are quite substantial and delicious, especially the steak. Granted, you have to wait till 10pm for the deal to start. However, for the right occasion, it's totally worth i.e. when several of my gal pals and I wanted to catch up and hang out even though we had dinner plans earlier lol. 
Ambiance is a-okay. They have cute colorful christmas lights that give off dive bar feels, but it's more low-key and charming with potted plants and window walls. 
It was only a slight bummer that they didn't have a late night HH drinks menu to couple the delicious tacos, but I'll take cheap tacos over cheap drinks :) All you night owls, get in on this deal asap!If you're looking for the perfect brunch spot, come to Tio Flores! My friends and I stumbled upon this corner restaurant as we were looking for an affordable spot with outdoor seating. The food and drink are phenomenal with plates served in a timely manner and with accuracy. Even outdoors, the service remained incredible. Definitely would recommend Tio Flores to anyone looking for a delicious way to start their day.  All of the dishes exceeded expectations and we could not have been more content, it was absolutely deliciousWent here for the first time last night and it was the rudest and most hostile service I have ever experienced. A group of us walked in a little before 11.  The bartender immediately informed us the kitchen was closed, which was fine for us since we only wanted some drinks before going out dancing.  There were just enough seats at the bar and we were walking towards them  when the bartender suggested a table instead. 
As we sat down the server comes up and states "its last call, you can only get one drink" and quickly walks away. He comes back and throws the menus at our table, making all of us feel like we were a burden. Like Sam P said, we know it sucks when people come in before closing but according to their posted hours, it was an hour before closing!
Almost everyone in our group has worked at various restaurants in the city and would never treat customers the way we we were treated last night. 
I hope the owner will learn to train their staff better but from reading other reviews and from talking to other people who work in the industry, he probably doesn't care to provide good customer service.Just stopped by this place to get a quick drink before heading to our next stop of the night and we didn't even get a chance to view the menu before being treated with hostility by the staff. The first worker informed us that the kitchen was closed and pointed us to a table. Fair enough. A waiter stormed past our table, said "just so you know it's last call" and literally threw a menu at us like a spoiled child. Me and my friends have all been workers in food service before and understand it's frustrating to have customers come in before close, but it could not have been later than 10:55 or so and the hours listed online say the bar closes at 12. I will now never spend my money at what appears to be a white owned, overpriced chipotle with alcohol.First and last time going here. Terrible service. Cantina is much friendlier and aware of their customer. Between the happy hour menu and regular menu and the dollar taco menu, I think they should figure out a better plan. Also if your dollar taco menu starts at 6, don't pass the menu out at 5:15. And that'll be a minimum of 4 tacos. Also thanks for the change of server halfway through our dining experience. I'm upset for not going with my original plan and going to Cantina for happy hour.Love this spot! Strolled in here with a friend for drinks and we had such a great experience I have returned since. Their fumador cocktail is the best Mezcal drink I have ever had. However their margaritas are so so. Their fajita nachos are amazing and the serving huge! The atmosphere here is fun but relaxing and the service decent. I am definitely a fan of Tio Flores!I rarely will write a review unless I have been at a restaurant at least twice.  My daughter and I stopped in a few nights ago for a quick meal.  Surprise, it was happy hour.  Bigger surprise, the $5 margaritas tasted like they contained no alcohol in them at all.  We ordered tacos (I had fish) and a side of rice and beans.  I am a huge fan of rice and beans, and these were okay, although my daughter thought they were awful.  The fish tacos, however, were disgusting.  The tacos were soggy and the filling, including the fish, was absolutely tasteless.  I won't be giving this restaurant another chance.I'm giving this 5 stars for what it is - upscale trendy but casual Mexican on South St. And it is GREAT to have a place like this on South St. Terrific option between the specialty BYOBs which usually mostly require reservations in advance and are more formal dinner, and the pizzerias, Founding Fathers, Cambridges. I was not expecting much based on some of the reviews and 3 1/2 star rating. Had a perfect Margarita (so picky about them) - just the house Margarita with Jalapeño-infused tequila and salted rim. We ordered chicken and beef tacos, both of which were very good. One reviewer  referenced the hard store-bought-like taco shells - not the case. They are crispy shells but unique and flavorful - house or specially made for the restaurant. Chips we of same type and very crispy, delicious. (They don't have the usual flour tortillas for the tacos. Not sure if they do for burritos or other plates). Guacamole outstanding and large portion. Nachos with chicken was very large serving - deal of the house it seems.  And really really good - not a soggy mess as nachos often are. The side table sauces were tasty too. We got a side order of rice and beans to go with tacos. Would be nice if this small side order just came with the tacos - would seem like a more substantial meal and better value. But overall, while It may be a bit pricier than your average Mexican, it was worth it for the vibe and ambience and quality of food and drinks. Definitely going back.I would say this place is pretty good.  I have been here a few times now. The tacos leave a lot to be desired if you rank them to the best but if you go on $1.00 taco night (monday) it is the best deal in the city.  Drinks and guac are great and outside seating on south st is a nice plus.The best tacos I have ever had were Chicken tinga tacos !! The sangarita was delicious also!Pretty good spot on South Street. The ambience is very nice and modern inside. I wasn't blown away by the food, but it was all good. During happy hour which is from 4-6 during the week, they offer $3 chicken or ground beef tacos which were both pretty good, but nothing special or amazing. They offer a big variety of fruit margaritas as well, they were also good but not very strong. The nachos came with a variety of meat options and were a large size good for a few people to split. The service was great and they were very quick on getting food and drinks out. I would probably return here again in the future, but it wasn't a place that I would rush to get back to immediately.I was excited when I saw the work they were putting into this place around the corner from me. It's modern and feels like a cute neighborhood spot.
Unfortunately, my experience didn't match the expectation. I walked in and ordered the nachos to go one night as I was craving up a storm. Then I sat at the front of the restaurant waiting area and waited for the nachos to come. After a good 25 minutes, I stood up and asked about my nachos and I was told they were ready but that they thought I had left the restaurant...what?
Anyways even after all that, I was hoping for some delicious nachos and I will just say they're ok. Nothing to write home about and kind of pricey for what I got. I just wasn't impressed.
Conclusion - Cute decor, but it didn't seem like they had much more to offer. Maybe drinks?Tacos: literally salty and shaped like tacobell. Not even joking.
Drinks are OK but overpriced.
I shouldn't spend $80 on Mexican food. Ever. 
(Disclaimer: I'm a Mexican from the south, so I know my shit.)Although the crowd was so so, the bartender, waiter, or whatever he was was kind of rude. Either way, the food was good. Took it to go but it was a good portion.
I had a shrimp burrito I believe. Want to say it was somewhere around $22 because I don't think shrimp comes standard as a burrito option. In any case, I haven't tried neighborhood Mexican spots (must do soon) but this was a pretty decent late night stop on south st.Good in a pinch. 
Live near by and was excited to find a new mexican place in the area. 
Don't have any complaints about the service, food is pretty ok but definitely not the best mexican you can get in the city. Great atmosphere and good drink selection. 
Bit pricey for what they are serving but the food is pretty good.1.00 tacos are soggy and really not that tasty unless you get sour cream guac and/or add some heat. Youd think if dollar tacos was the thing youre known for... at least theyd be good. Decent overpriced drinks but the tacos need some work. All the bartenders and servers are friendly except for the one short spanish guy behind the bar on Thursdays (might be there other days). Hes rude and unprofessional. The place itself is pretty awesome visually but not worth it unless youre on a budget and want to sacrifice alot of taste.It states that it is open until 2am, but it's 1:19am and they said they were closed! But the staff was inside hanging out and talking about birds!We came here just for drinks and appetizers. I sat at the bar and the bar staff was very prompt and friendly. I love that the margaritas were made with freshly squeezed lime juice. The guac was good and the bar tender was nice enough to cut up some veggies to eat with the guac as well as chips. I saw a lot of vegetarian options on the menu which was surprising. I will have to go back to check them out!Good food, charming decor, friendly service. Tacos were excellent! Can't wait to go back for the margaritas and nachos. This is a great place for adults, not little kids. Add this place to your list of favorite hangouts in Philly.
I went again for after dinner drinks. The mixology is fun, creative, and absolutely delicious. Try the special margaritas. A shout-out to Chef Adrian for beautiful appetizers that are delicious and full of flavor.  Cornbread pudding is amazing!!!The waitstaff and bartenders were attentive and knowledgeable each visit, the location is fantastic, the drinks were great, and the decor was fitting. Unfortunately, so much potential and hope leads to so much disappointment. I've tried several times before writing a review, mainly to remind myself to not be caught up in all the glimmer and remember the fools gold...the food. The presentations were well executed but the food, across multiple dishes and visits, lacked flavor and authenticity....for some reason everything seem to have a smoked paprika dusting (smokey flavor is not a personal preference unless it's turkey or Gouda). Unfortunately, it seems to be an overpriced restaurant with mediocre "Mexican" food banking on the neighborhood's increasing demand for restaurant/bar diversity. That being said, the owners' other restaurants , Hawthorne's and Cambridge are consistently great.Great:
The tacos
The nachos (poblano peppers, pickled red onion and jalapeno!)
The Mexican street corn
The mac & cheese
The fried ice cream
The beverage list
Bad:
Nothing.
One of the best Mexican restaurants in the city. Check out their $1 Taco Mondays.Great Margherita!! Drinks are great, our server was awesome however food is over priced for the small portions. I've had better authentic Mexican food elsewhere.  Small menu but like i said drinks are good. Our dessert (Churros) were burnt , left hungry. Probably won't go back,Great cocktails. The tequila, mezcal and rum drinks we all great. I've only gotten appetizers, but they were good as well. Great service and good music/decor.Dinner was ok, not great. Guac and chips portion was small. Guac was not that tasty and went brownish while sitting on the table-lack of lime juice?? Margherita's were not very good at all...I got the Portobello taco, it was ok, not great. Service was also just ok. I asked for extra napkins for our table if four, the waiter brings two napkins. 
With all the great Mexican spots in the city with fantastic guac and Margherita's I doubt I'll be back.The food is hit-or-miss: it's either everything you want and more or cold ground-beef tacos, which are disgusting. The service is terrible and yet they always have a TON of people working. They don't check back in with you to see if you need anything and I can't tell you how many times I've had to repeatedly ask for water (because their drinks are no bueno). This used to be our go-to place but, unfortunately, we've moved on.Sangria isn't bad. $6 on hh menu (4-6:30 pm) Good stop by on your way to dinner at Entrée. Psychedelic decor. El Vez of South Street. Cute bartender (male) - Ryan.Interesting take on huevos rancheros. Killer mimosas. Intimate atmosphere. Super attentive wait staff. Would go back again maybe for lunch/dinner as they had a really good looking draft beer selection.Great tacos! I got the al pastor pork tacos and I have to say, top 5 tacos of my life. Just wish they have you more but hey the flavor alone is worth going back.My husband and I ate at Tio Flores once.  The food was good and we thought we would try it again.  However, when we went back on July 8, they had music blaring excessively loudly.  I asked for the music to be turned down, and they did turn it down by a decibel or so.  However, my husband and I left because we did not feel like having to scream at each other across the table during the meal.  The music was so loud one might have mistaken the restaurant for a disco.I loved happy hour here! The specials are great. There are a couple of tacos for $3, margaritas for $5 +$1 for flavors, and a few other drink specials as well. The beers on draft are only $3 also! The atmosphere is fun, open, and airy. It is beautifully decorated inside. The tables are uniquely styled, I liked the table in the back corner particularly. I imagine in the summer it will be a wonderful place to be with the windows open. Looking forward to more happy hours here!The food is great, highly recommend beef tacos and their guacamole! Music is very loud... techno music and very loud base (almost too loud) however the service is fast. Great location on 16th and south. Taco Monday is a big hit in this neighbor of Philly!I was here recently for drinks. For those who enjoy strong margaritas with extra salt on the rim, this is perfect! I love this, so for me these margaritas were a win.Probably a 3 1/2.
First visit last night, a Thursday.
The place was busy, but not packed.  Clearly they are already a destination in the neighborhood.
We were seated quickly and the service was very good throughout.  Some interesting cocktails.  Also an interesting variety of tacos.  In fact the menu is nice with lots of options.
Good bottle & can beer selection, but surprisingly limited draft options - considering the owners also run Cambridge & Hawthorne's.  
Atmosphere was nice, yet not warm or cozy.  Noise level is high.
Food was OK to good.  If you are a foodie, go to Quetzally.
Overall it is fine.  It is just that there is nothing particularly special.  We will go back, but with all of the other options nearby, it will not be often.My wife wanted to give this place a try on her birthday because she works nearby and was always curious.
Got the papas appetizer and the corn appetizer, both were pretty damn good. House guac was totally flavorless. For mains, my daughter got the pork torta, which was edible but tasted very much like a bbq pulled pork sandwich. I got the churrasco, which was very tasty, but not worth $20. My wife, lover of chile rellenos, was extremely disappointed with hers. The ground beef filling tasted old and was seasoned like a Manwich. The pepper was almost raw, and was not breaded. My son's tacos Al Pastor were the worst he's ever had, and he has had A LOT. Flour tortillas, no cilantro or onion... The sides of rice and beans that my wife & son ordered ($4 per order) were bad. The rice was crunchy- totally undercooked, and terribly seasoned; inedible. The beans were not terrible. Oh, and I had to pay $2 extra for a few corn tortillas with my churrasco. Ridiculous. 
Waitress was pleasant, although slightly  inattentive, which was the least of the place's problems. Total bill was $106 - insanity. We definitely won't be back.OMG... Had high hopes for this place, but they quickly sank after I sat at the bar and watched the bartender pour my premium $14 cocktail from a pre-made batch- no it was not sangria if that's what you're thinking. Tacos aren't bad, so not a miss there, but sort of pricey. More of a happy hour joint for me.Food was pretty good but drink prices a little steep. I always get sangria served to me in a large glass but this was $8 and in a tiny glass and I was done with it in 2 minutes which was annoying.I wish I loved this place, but I do not. Walked over for a early dinner and we were able to be seated right away. We tried to eat here before but there was a ridiculous wait. The restaurant is small with nice decor. Looks like the only 2-person seating they have is at one of their communal tables, or the bar. I didn't mind much, but if you prefer not to share a table with some strangers, you have been warned. 
When we were seated we were given the menu, at least 7 minutes went by before our waiter acknowledged that we were seated, even though we were at that communal table, where the couple two seats over received water, drinks and an app in this time. When he came back around he brought us water then left. We were ready to order by this time, at least order our drinks. So when he finally came back we placed our drink, appetizer and dinner order. I ordered the blackberry margarita. It was good, spot on margarita, no complaints. My boyfriend ordered a beer, don't remember which one, you can't really go wrong with a beer. We ordered the smoked papas bravas. They were good, a little salty, but tasty. I didn't try the aioli they came with they had some fresh green sauce on top and that was all they needed. I ordered the lentil and cauliflower tacos. They were blah at best. The menu says that the cauliflower is roasted, I can assure you they were not. The cauliflower was watery and had no flavor the lentils were well, lentils. No flavoring. I had them without the lime crema and queso fresco, so maybe that's were all the flavoring is. They were supposed to have a pico de gallo but they seemed to leave that off as well. I didn't get a lime wedge for my tacos either. Fortunately they have bottles of salsa verde (I think) and I was able to doctor up my bland, tasteless tacos. My boyfriend ordered the tamarind chicken, which he said was tasty. I tasted the rice and it seemed to have a lot of flavor. 
Since I was finished my 2 little tacos and he was still working on his meal I ordered a beer only to find out that they kicked the keg. Our waiter was nice enough, but not attentive at all. The drinks were good but there was nothing special about the food. Maybe I would return for Happy HourNice sized, but not huge portions like some Mexican restaurants.  All very fresh and good quality.  Good variety and delicious margaritas (not that fake syrupy flavor).  I've had several of their menu items as I live in the neighborhood and have been a few times and would order all again.  
Great brunch too!Definitely great food here-- I highly recommend the carne asada quesadilla or the al pastor tacos.
I've been here three times though (each time at the bar-- twice in the evening, once at lunch time) and it always seems like the bartenders are overwhelmed by the amount of customers in the restaurant. It always seems like it takes a while to order any food or drinks, but once you do, the food comes out pretty quickly.Good food, charming decor, friendly service. Tacos were excellent! Can't wait to go back for the margaritas and nachos. This is a great place for adults, not little kids. Add this place to your list of favorite hangouts in Philly.