Well, I have to agree with a few of the previous reviews - this place is nothing special.  I can't review the food because I only went there for drinks.  The place has a very attractive atmosphere.  I mean, the woodwork and such is all great looking.  However, after you take it all in, you're left with an over-priced drink.  The drink prices are a little on the high side.  Actually, while I was sitting at the bar and a guy near me ordered a round for his buddies, he joked with the bartendar about having to take out a bank loan to pay for the drinks.  
If you've got no other place to go, then this is certainly an option.  But, otherwise, Philly has a lot of great spots that offer more than this place.Stopped in with a buddy of mine and had a great experience.  Good beer, good food, and super service...  Just an overall positive experience and very enjoyable.  I will be back next time I'm in Philly.
Word of caution: Not all Tír Na Nóg's are so good (like Baltimore Inner Harbor) so check the reviews before venturing in.This might be the worst "Irish" pub I've ever been to. Portions were disappointingly small for how much menu items cost. I had to explain to my server (when I finally tracked him down) what was missing from my traditional Irish breakfast. Service was generally poor, and coupled with a disappointing and overpriced menu, I will not be coming back again.Eaten here for lunch and dinner.  Enjoyed the World Cup matches and EPL, CL matches.  Good beer list, out door sitting and the menu is fine.  It's no gastropub but it's fine and always had good service.   It can be  dark on the inside, especially in the Eerie lobby of the Phoenix.Good food. Sliders were great. Wife liked the philly cheesesteak. Good beer selection.Tir Na Nog's great place to go to watch soccer on weekends.  The crowd is full of "real" Irish guys and gals--not the annoying "my great grandmother was born in Dublin" Irish Americans, though that types out in full force on St. Paddy's Day.    Friendly staff--both Irish and American.  Lots of fun to hear the stories and talk footie with people there.  Really good Irish breakfasts.  
I've been there once or twice for Happy Hours it's always crowded with the after work type crowds.  Service can suffer a bit, but it's always a fun atmosphere so you don't really notice.Price was high, but I was very tipsy after only two chocolate covered cherry drinks and they were good. Crab and artichoke dip was very good.All depends on how you approach the bar experience.  Lots of wood, so a dark interior with a decent amount of viewable tv's, NOT.  I was there during the European Cup Final and there was just not enough room to get comfy without standing in someone's match view.  Big beer selection (which speaks to the regulars & tourists).  Staff was very friendly & cool.  The menu looks good too.  I'll definitely go back but first impression is just another dark beer hall worth a beer to see the end of a match but not a destination - for now.So you want a divey irish pub down town, then this is your spot. Military buddy and I sat down on a mission to drink. The bartender (who had the thickest irish accent ever) was happy to oblige. Tossed back some pints, drank some whisky and enjoyed some irish hospitality. Lucky for us this place was stumbling distance from our hotel.
Decent priced drinks and good atmosphere.I've been here many times. Tir Na Nog kept me warm during mummers. Bartenders are always very friendly. The waitresses are phenomenal. They have mobile phone charging stations. Vibes are constantly high. Fantastic Guinness pours. High definition televisions everywhere. Don't think, just do, go to Tir Na Nog. True Patriots!It was okay.  There are far more better bars that are less expensive close by.  Had the waitress drop a beer right beside my table.  Splattered everyone, mainly on her, her fault anyway, but on my legs and my daughter's purse.  Not once did the waitress come back to check if we got wet, she was way too worried about herself .  Had to ask for my daughter's beer AGAIN, since she dropped it and never gave her another, and then says be careful of the glass, and the glass shattered, but she had not intention of cleaning.  My daughter and I did that.  Then charge me .50 for extra pita breads when you don't give enough.  The crab dip was good I will say that.  But for 3 beers 3 drinks and two apps and having beer spilled on you and waitress to rude to show concern, $60 (sticker shock) was WAY too much.  Like I said go elsewhere, like Macey's Crossing right beside them, or Con Murphy's, great place, right down the street.  Nicer staff, more courteous and MUCH cheaper.Every year my family runs the Dash for Donor Awareness at Art Museum Circle in honor of my son who passed away in 2010 and became an organ donor. Every year we go to Tir Na Nog afterward for brunch. Most years I bring a group of 15-20 with me; this year we were a smaller crowd, 9 including 3 children. My experience at Tir Na Nog is usually positive, but this year was terrible enough that I'll never go back. 
The server (who's name I think was Kate) was hurried and a little rude from the gate. She walked away from our table the first time without taking my friend's order for himself and his son. We had to flag her down to bring her back to get it. 
When the food arrived, plate by plate over the span of 20 minutes, we noticed that half my friend's order was missing, including his 2 year old son's lunch. I told the food runner "we're still waiting for the mini burgers" and he was also rude, mumbling "they're coming" while he walked away. 10 minutes later, no one came back. I went up and asked the hostess who was near our table to please find our server because we were missing two meals (he had also ordered french toast to go) and after another 10 minutes, the server came back and said "I heard you were missing cheeseburgers, and no one communicated that order me." We insisted that he ordered it directly to her, and she adamantly denied that he did not. When she did finally bring the child's food, she dropped a hot plate onto the table in front of him without a word and walked away. She did not return to check on us, and I had to get the hostess to give us our check. 
I don't know if the restaurant is under new management or what, but everything from the staff to the quality of the food was so drastically different from my past experiences there that I'll never return.Not a good place to watch a game. I came to this bar to watch a Bills-Giants came a couple weeks ago and initially they were cool about putting it on near the table they gave our group. But about midway through the second quarter, during a tie game mind you, the hostess, who also claimed to be the manager, changed our game to a different one, with no warning or explanation. She was apparently trying to please someone who had just arrived at the bar. 
When I went up to the bar to ask her to switch it back, she kept insisting that she hadn't switched it and that the Bills game was still on. As I implored her to come look at the screen itself for evidence that our game wasn't on any more an incredibly rude Irish bartender comes out from behind the bar to get in my face, shouting to "just drink yer feckin' beer and shoot up, and if yer don't like it yeh kin pay yer bill and get the fook out!" 
This after we spent God knows how much on mediocre, overpriced food adn drinks (think $11 cheesesteak, $12 burger, etc) just to watch the game! The manager comes over during his tirade and finally agrees to put our game back on, but we got surly service for the rest of the day. Needless to say, we won't be back.Great food. A chill and reasonably gastro pub in an otherwise expensive neighborhood. 
We had an issue with one of our drinks and complained to the waitress. In return, the manager removed one of our meals from the bill and let the our party of four order desserts on the house. The staff was very attentive and apologetic.Very nice place, staff is great very friendly, price is moderate and the food is very good, great place for groups so if you want to have a get together this is the place.The food and atmosphere made this a cool place to hang out.  The service from our waitperson made it laughable.  One always assumes that perhaps a bad waitperson is having a bad day.  Perhaps someone died. This guy was no rocket scientist, scratch that.  He couldn't turn the curve at Little Tykes Playskool.  It was ridiculous.  At least he got our orders right, after the second telling. 
I'd go again, and my friends go regularly.  I have to get down to Philly to do it, but I'll def go back next time I blow into town.Husband and I went here for the first time last night for the Tullamore Dew whiskey tasting. The set up and presentation from Tully Reps were great. We were sat at large tables and with the whiskey flowing we quickly made friends with our fellow tasters. 
We came early to enjoy some drink before hand. We couldn't sat down yet but server quickly offer us drink to enjoy at a table nearby. We were offer refills by another server before we had to look around for our server. Great teamwork makes a customer experience that much more enjoyable. 
They offered finger food, standard pub fare like hummus, wings, quesadillas etc but personally didn't eat any cos of dinner reservations afterwards. 
Why only 3 stars? Their bathrooms were nasty. 3 girls line up to use one toilet because the other stalls were nasty dirty. From blocked toilets to sanitary pads laying around. They need to check their bathrooms regularly. Especially on busy night. 
Will return for lunch to check out their food and hopefully more stars.Quintessential Irish bar that's been a staple of Philly for a while now.  They'll rock you for about $7 for a pint of Guinness but there's open space there and I would guess they broadcast soccer games.  Didn't try the food.Great place for brunch.
The food comes out looking like a 5 star restaurant - and it tasted very good as well. 
If you're into watching games or Irish food, this is the place.
If you're looking for a brunch place, stop in. You won't be disappointedBeing in a hotel makes it hard to get to, and with almost no decent watering hole around it, it was almost a default for me after I was at the Convention Center this weekend. I enjoyed the craft beers they had on tap (with a major hop bias--unbalanced list, for sure), but the vibe was way to "bro" for me. Haven't tried the food yet.Great environment, food, and location. Gabrielle is the BEST.. super nice and knowledgeable bartender.This place is a joke if you want service.  Fine for drinks. That is it.  Service was absolutely terrible. Food was mediocre. Go somewhere elseCOMEDY OF ERRORS
I met a friend here for her birthday party on Saturday evening at around 6p.  There were already five people in the party when we arrived.  Somehow wires got crossed and the server for that station thought we were doing bar service - or this was the explanation I got as to why no one had been to the table in the 15 minutes prior to my arrival.  So the waiter comes by, apologizes, takes half the table's drink order, disappears.  I didn't even notice that he partially took an order at all.  
I returned to hassle the hostess who then did some running around like a chicken without a head for another five minutes and then I went to her by the POS station and she then decided to finish taking our drink order and food order when the waiter THEN returned with four beverages.  I at first asked for a draught list but then just ordered the pumpkin ale that my friend had gotten to expedite things.  All of the drinks finally come except one which when I get up again to see our server who has not dropped by and was informed that they are getting a bottle of Jack Daniels from the liquor room as the bar is out.  The hostess then returns to let us know that they are OUT of Jack.  
The food order starts coming out.  Runner is auctioning off food including a fish and chips which no one at the table ordered.  I let him know that my chicken Caesar is missing and he runs off before I notice another person is missing their buffalo chicken wrap.  Husband's burger was more medium-well than medium-rare and the chicken on my salad was tough and flavorless.  
Rest of the evening went well.  We were nice enough to overtip - were too exasperated to deal with getting change and divvying up the extras.
I don't know if their service is normally this disjointed but it definitely is not a place that I would chose.I won't be back to this place. 
1. Had a reservation. Showed up, they say they we don't have reservations tonight. 
2. It was hot as hell in there. 
3. The menu wasn't even close to what they show online for their menu. 
4. The beer was warm. Not just once either. 
5. The food...ordered the beef stew...I'd rather have Dinty Moore.
6. The server was nice. I felt bad, but my girlfriend and I had to leave without eating more than one bite. I've never done that before.Sweet bar, mostly because Colin is like a bright ray of sunshine, moving from table to table with the swift grace of a cat with a tray full of drinks.  Great work :)Tir Na Nog continues to be a favorite for me after work and on weekends for the rustic Irish atmosphere and good food they dish out. My faves include the wings and huge onion rings that come out of the kitchen hot and crisp. They also have a terrific on-tap selection, one of the best I've seen anywhere. Almost everyone on staff tries to make you feel at home and are extremely friendly. Visit on a weeknight after work and I'm sure you'll be a happy camper on the way home.I've been here a bunch of times and I always tell myself that I'm never going back.  There's nothing really wrong with Tir Na Nog, it's just not that great.  The beers are kind of on the pricey side ($6/pint) and the whole 'pub food' component is missing.  They've got a few burgers and a chicken finger appetizer, but nothing spectacular.
They make a nice snakebite (Guinness/Cider) so that's a plus.The main gripe I have is that their menu is just kinda limited. There aren't that many choices and many of them, I don't like. Their burger isn't bad, but not great. Their potato bacon soup is good. Their salads, though, leave much to be desired. Just not great pieces of lettuce--multiple times, I've had wilted brown pieces in mine.. And once, I had a salad with many gross brown pieces, and got violently ill a few hours later. Also, some of their bussers don't speak any English. I wouldn't mind if all they did was bus tables after customers leave.. But this girl came up and tried to take my plate. I pointed to it and said, "Could I please have a container?" and she nodded, and my dad even said "She wants to take that home" so I just was sure she understood.. Well, no. I kept waiting for my leftovers to appear, and they never did. I asked the waitress and was told the bus person spoke no English and had thrown my sandwich out. Wtf. Can you just not have a non English speaker be the person clearing tables when people are still there, then? Bc I really wanted that half a sandwich for later! I don't know why she nodded if she didn't understand. It just annoyed me. Anyway, they were apologetic and took see it off the check but that didn't bring my food back :p. It was the cheesesteak, which is probably the item I've liked best from there. I'd recommend it over anything else. I had the beef stew but it did not have nearly enough broth, liquid, whatever you'd call it. Too chunky. Would've been good if was, like, twice as much liquid. Anyway. That's about it I guess.The food was not good at all and the drinks could have been stronger. There was nice live entertainment that night but I think the staff was a bit snobby.Sure'n be steppin bay a wee bit mure with Football erevin'...(re reading this out loud sounds like a Scotch/Irish mess instead of Irish which I was striving at...sorey...
Great place, similar to a previous poster, when you have a beer on tap that you love, it can make the place your own..For me it was the Boddington's on tap..Love this place to watch the soccer matches Sat and Sun's and the staff knows what they are doin..Not a bad place for happy hour as well.Cheesesteak egg rolls are very good. Fish and chips are huge portions. Our waiter, Jude, was able to give us good beer recommendations and was very attentive the entire night. Got the single cut nitro chocolate stout. Very good beer. Long beer list after that. Everyone enjoyed their food and drinks here. Would recommend coming if you are in the area.No matter where we go in Center City, we ALWAYS end the night at Tir Na Nog. I'm giving this place 5 stars based on the atmosphere and the service. It's a great irish bar where even the bar tenders have an irish accent. Great beer selection and Mike is the best bartender, always takes great care of us and remembered us even after our second time there! The food is good but don't expect gourmet...it's good bar food. Dark wood decor and many TV's. Love it.LOVE Tir na nog! Stumbled upon this place while looking for a different Irish bar and stopped here instead. We sat outside at the great location, service was pretty slow but so friendly! We had a few beers and the fish and chips which was GREAT. I plan on making a trip to the city just to come back here :)This is my first team lunch in my new company.
Came here along with my team and its just a 5 min inside from Philly Grand Suburban. 
Maryland Crab burger and fries are one of the good options.
Fries are really good and not too oily.
Best crab burger I've had.
Service is quick and ambience is nice but little dark.
Surly will comeback.Lunch at the Nog was surprisingly good.  The bangers and mash was tasty.  My colleague had the shephard's pie and was equally impressed.  Although the server forgot her personality when she left her apartment this morning, she was quick and attentive.  The do have sandwiches, but I'd visit for their authentic Irish food.  It's a nice change of pace.
And the lobby space just outside the dining room is used for their lunch crowd. Very upscale and dramatic.  A pleasant space to dine.We had great service at Tir Na Nog but their gluten free options were very limited and menu was not marked accordingly. I had a burger with no bun, which was ok and very overpriced. My sister got the pretzel with cheese and the cheese was not good. My sister also got the wings which she enjoyed. As someone with a gluten allergy, It was difficult to eat here.ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW IS THEY HAVE $1 mimosas
Being a girl from New York, prices like these are hard to come by, also there Is so much space 
$1 MIMOSAS $1 MIMOSASThis place is your typical Irish Pub, just dressed up a little bit.  You have your dark wood bar, dimly lit eating area and green ties on the waitresses. They also had several large flat screens placed well through out the place. 
I ordered crab dumplings and a hanger steak for my entree. I have no issues with the food, my steak was tender and juicy. They also had a good beer selection with a lot of micro's and imports. 
Drink pricing was a little steep but its in center city so that's what i expect. If your into Irish Pubs I would say check this place out.Beautiful big space with great beer selection. 
The only thing that bothered me there is the smell in ladies room. It didn't just smell like a bathroom, it smelled like someone died in there years ago and the body is still there slowly rotting. Management should do something about it.Been to Tir na Nog a half dozen times, and it's a pretty staple pub setting, I'd say.  Generally good service, and expectable prices.  Magners on tap is a nice Irish plus.
I'd say it's selling points are that it's good for large groups and has decent food. It's not somewhere I stop for just chilling at the bar over a pint or two, but it's worth going to if you're meeting friends out.   Lots of bar-space AND table-settings.At least they have a beer menu. We ordered a couple and sat back and watched the place get busy. People seemed to like this place. We enjoyed our time here. It was clean and on the dark side. We would go back.I and three of my co workers had lunch on Friday May 31st 2013.  We frequent this restaurant because we work at One Penn Center.   During our recent lunch we had a visitor.   A three inch red cockroach walked across our table.  One of the people in our party killed it and left it on the window sill behind us.   I asked the waitress if I could please see the manager.  She told me she would send over the owner.  We waited ten minutes and no one came to our table.  So we paid the check and left.  On the way out we told the hostess who apologized.  I was always of the belief if you are unhappy at a restaurant complain while you are there.  I tried to no avail. Sorry to say we will never return.Pretty standard pub but a godsend when my job put us up at the hotel a few blocks away and there's really not many other places within walking distance. And I really needed a Guiness. They served the best I had in my time in Philly. Been to a few Tir Na Nogs in multiple places, including the one down the street from my office in Manhattan, and I think this was my favorite. The one in Baltimore's pretty good too though. Any place with an outdoor area where I can drink AND smoke is always key, and a plus for quality GuinessWas a patron today at your establishment. Your service was horrible. We had to get our own napkins, sugar, "silverware". We were served our Irish Coffees in paper cups and the server said this was because of the pope and you charged $12.00 for each. Most of your staff was busy outside taking pictures. Very disappointed in your service and food. We have been patrons at your establishment several times. Will not be returning and will not recommend your restaurant.Meh...
Alright, the finger food I did have was delicious as well was two out of 20 beers that I had.  The service was pretty spot on with a great sense of humor.  
But all in all, this place just seem set for business people right after they get out of their jobs.  Thus, no happy hour.  Booo.
I suppose I could go here again but I'm not really going to go out of my way to do so...After multiple visits within the past 2 months, I've chosen to rate Tir Na Nog 2 stars.
The Potato Leek Soup and the Fish and Chips platter are absolutely amazing, I highly recommend, and these are the only reason I gave 2 stars.
The service has been consistently terrible.  I was there one night with a group of 6, the server would take one persons order and run away, leaving about 10 minutes before returning, and on it went 6 times.  Refills? forget it, would ignore being flagged down, and on top of it all had a terrible attitude.  Another night, at the front bar, the two bartenders who were working during a pretty slow time, spent the time talking to each other, not paying attention to the few of us customers trying to flag them down for a beer.  And yet another time, sat at a table with 3, ordered the soup and fish and chips that we love, before the fish and chips platter was served, we were handed the check, and every 2 minutes the server kept asking if we were ready with it.  We told her politely we will flag her down when we are ready, but that did not stop the extremely pushy nature of this server (and its not like it was last call/closing time or anything.)
Very dissatisfied with each visit.  I tried to see if things would change from day to day, but I've yet to have decent, let alone pleasant, visit.  I will miss the soup, but its not worth the experience, I will not be returning.This is my favorite center city Irish bar. Scratch that. Bar in general!!! I have had Meri and Mariah serve me. Both times they were amazing, funny, and one of a kind. They both had a great knowledge of the beer list. Meri recommended the perfect dish to eat, the chef's special Chicken Parm sandwich. Mariah recommended outstanding wine to pair with my meal. I am definitely coming back for the hostess, bartenders, servers, and cooks! 10/10!!!!this place used to be awesome, we used to go there all the time and they treated us like kings. But a few years back ownership and staff changed and it's been all downhill from there. There are much better irish pubs around.When I say I absolutely love this place. Their food is outstanding. I went yesterday for the BBQ chicken salad (I switched out the romaine lettuce for the spring mix). The salad was great. Very filling and fresh. I will say one of my top 5 salads. 
I felt Tir was so good I went again today and I ordered the chipotle chicken flat bread and O. M. G. This flatbread was sooooo deliciously scrumptious I wanted more and more.   They are a bit pricey but it was worth it to me. 
From the service to the food. This is my new found place. 
The only reason I didn't get it 5 stars is because we sat outside and one of their umbrellas blew clean off the table. This happen on both days. The staff was very apoplectic and ensured that the issue would be fixed. 
Other than that. Tasty tasty !!!Good food, nice cozy setting. Great for lunch in center city. Very well priced too. I had the turkey burger. It was a bit messy but still good!Great food. Great beer selection.  Great service. Roaches running all over the bathroom floor gross!!!!!!I am so heart broken to give Tir Na Nog a 2/5 rating.  My husband and I came to this place every weekend in 2005 for rugby post match socials.  We spent countless St. Patrick's Days here.  We even had our rehearsal dinner here back in 2012.  Today we went back and it was very meaningful because we took our children with us.  For the first time in years we returned and it so special because this place has so much meaning for us and now we can share it with our boys.  The. Food. Was. Terrible.  It was so bad that my husband and I got upset stomachs from it.  We ordered the french onion soup, wings, short rib poutine, calamari and fish and chips.  The french onion soup was so bland and watered down.  The short rib poutine was basically deep fried previously frozen waffle fries with short rib and cheese whiz.  I know we are in Philly, but cheese whiz? That dish had such amazing potential.  It was a total let down.  The fish and chips were soggy and saltless. The calamari was ok.  The wings were ok as well.  
For drinks I requested a very dry cider.  According to our waiter, they don't have any dry ciders.  They have Magners, Strongbow and Stella which are all excellent sweeter ciders.  I aborted mission "dry cider" and went with the house chardonnay which was pretty terrible.  It was very watered down and had a bad after taste.  They did pour a nice black and tan for my husband.  
Yes, this is an Irish Pub.  No one is looking for fine dining but people are looking for tasty, quality pub fare.  It really broke our hearts that the food was so poor.  We daydreamed about riding the train with our boys and catching a meal while watching a 6 Nations Rugby game here. It is highly unlikely we will return for any kind of meal ever. If you want a black and tan, this is your place.  It was a great pour and my husband stated it was proportioned perfectly.  I can't really say much else that is positive.Can be kind of a crap shoot, sometimes I go in and the crowd is lively, people are dancing, grey times are had. Sometimes it's dead and not too much is going on. I guess that's any bar though.Every Wednesday the Ace Holes look forward to the best waiter, Colin! Look for him friends.It's hard to diss a good Irish bar.  This is the type of establishment that you just want to succeed.  They have authentically Irish bar tenders who are all competent and pleasant.  That's a big plus, but as a very very light drinker I can't get too excited by pleasantries at the bar.  Where tie na nog falls short is on the quality of the food.  The quality is just not there and often times things that come out of the kitchen taste like they were prepared days before or have been sitting under a heat lamp for hours.This place has the rudest service. I go there for long work lunches to watch soccer games in the afternoon at least once a month. I'm always friendly and I always tip well. However, today, I went in and sat down as usual and was ignored for the entire time I was there. I just wanted a beer and a burger and some fries, was it really too much to ask? I tried to get the attention of several servers and all of them looked away from me as soon as I tried to open my mouth. Is there something wrong with my money? Was there a reason to not serve me? I will now walk a half mile to the other soccer bars in town rather across the street to this rude establishment.Friendly staff and management. Very good carveryCame here for a few drinks with friends the other night. It was my first time trying it out and I enjoyed the selection of drinks and the lively music. It was a fairly big space with lots of beautiful wood. Not terribly crowded for a Friday night (but not dead by any means) and they had large screens to watch the weekend games, etc. We had prompt service at the bar too, which was a nice change from the usual Friday night hustle. Based on some other reviews here, it sounds like I'll have to try the food next time. Maybe for the next happy hour!Tir Na Nog is just as the Yelp 3* descriptor states: A-OK. I generally only come here during the English Premier League season for to catch the early games. They open up for breakfast and have tons of soccer feeds, with games as early as 7:00am (yes, it's perfectly socially acceptable to get a Top O' the Mornin' Guinness at 7am--but ONLY during English Premier League season!). They also show rugby matches, and my friends are usually quite excited about this, though I don't really follow it. Just mentioning in case you're into rugby too. But I definitely think that the Nog deserves some praise for being open for opening up for soccer. This is the main reason I'm going with 3*.
Soccer aside, there's not too much special going on here. The Guinness is tasty and they pour it well, so that is good. I've had breakfast here a couple of times, and it was OK. This week, for the start of the season, they had an egg, cheese, and rasher (like Canadian bacon) on a kaiser roll for $5. Fair price for the sandwich. Last time I was here, I got the Irish Oatmeal (steel-cut oat groats), which was decent. I'd say 3* for the food and beer, as it's really nothing too special. 
The service at the bar is pretty hit or miss. Sometimes the bartenders are friendly and in a good mood. Once I had a bartender who seemed displeased whenever I ordered anything that wasn't beer or food (when I asked for a glass of water or coffee). I'd put service here right at 2.5-3* as well.   
Tir Na Nog has generally been my go-to soccer bar, but I may venture out and try some new places and report back. In the meantime, if you come here for soccer, you'll probably have a good time. Not sure about other times.My wife and I were here around 8:45PM on a Monday night and it couldn't have been more slow. We sat at the bar and one side was covered with servers doing nothing except counting their meager tips they had earned so far, and the other side had 1 patron in a business suit, drinking a beer and reading the paper. My wife, who has experienced Ireland 7 times, said she immediately felt like she was back there. Understandably so since everything was imported from there, even the fast talking Irish bartender that brought her a Shandy and a lager for myself. We got to talking about Scotch and Whiskey and immediately the age old feud  of which is better began between the bartender and my wife who is a single malt drinker. All in good fun of course we were having a grand time. I decided to get a Creme Brulee while I witnessed my Canadian wife talking tank with this fast talking Irishman. It was quite amusing. He pulled a bottle off the shelf and in his proudest Irish exclaimed "ya gotta give this a tug, it's an acquired taste, definitely acquired" He poured her the largest "Taste" I have ever seen. She gave it a go and under her breath asked me "did I just buy a whiskey?" Me -"I dunno" She loved it and spent the next hour sipping it back while now, discussing Whisky and Scotch. After all was said and done and we got our bill, the bartender didn't charge us for the Whiskey, or even the Brulee. Awesome, I guess it pays to have a Wife who travels. We'll go back next time we're in town.This was my first outdoor Happy Hour of 2016. I was so excited to try the place I walk by every day. We were just looking for some light bites and couple of drinks. We tried the Bavarian pretzels and a couple of beers. The service was quick and our server was kind enough to suggest her favorite beers and entrees. I really like how they space the tables outside. Often outdoor seating in CC is so cramped. I understand wanting to make the most out of the space but it really ruins the conversation with your own party. We will be back for more happy hours since it's so near the Drexel CC campus!I've been to this Tir Na Nog for lunch a few times while in the city. The menu has good selections and the atmosphere is really nice! The bar does make you feel like you are in an Irish pub. I feel that the food is mediocre and the service is okay.Not for dinner - This is my fault because I neglected to read reviews prior to going.  I went because I got a deal via living social, $40 for $80 of food.  First - service was horribly slow.  Waitress greeted us 10 minutes after being seated, didn't bother to introduce herself.  Acted like she had an attitude because we were ready to order our food with our drinks.  
Second - I ordered the scallop special but they were out.  12 minutes after I received my order, a woman two tables over was given scallops.  I did not ask what that was about since I have no intention of returning.  I ordered salmon which tasted good, however, the portion size was not worth $25.  The diner next to me ordered the same and her portion was nearly double mine.  It was supposed to be served with chard, however, it was served with butternut squash.  My fiance ordered crab cakes.  He said they were ok but not seasoned well.  I tasted them and they were fine to me.  There were 2 for $27 served with a rice pilaf.  
We ordered dessert to go and I asked for the ice cream to be placed in a separate container.  The waitress said they always put it in a separate container.  Of course, I did not get ice cream and had to request it from the waitress.  She was aloof, uninterested, not personable, and did not smile.  I'm a mystery shopper and evaluate customer service often and she was just not a good server.
I will not be back.  I unwillingly left an $8 tip because I know waitresses work for tips and normally tip 20%, but honestly she deserved $2.  This was supposed to be a nice birthday dinner for my fiance.  Never again!  We live in South Jersey so it was a was of gas, time, parking money and tolls.Right across the street from Love Park, this spot offers a pretty decent happy hour. Half price apps which include nachos, quesadillas, wings, and cheesesteak eggrolls. 
The drinks were not weak which was great. Our server was very attentive and had a great, laid back personality. Would definitely go back!I came here yesterday for lunch since it is very close to my new job. I'd been in here before for happy hours, and thought some good Irish pub food was necessary. Coming in right at noon with two people - we were sat right away. Not usually a good sign at lunch time in the city but they had JUST opened.
I ordered the fish and chips. I didn't like how the fish came out on top of the fries. I tasted a fry right after it came out and they are actually really good fries. But after eating the fish for a few minutes, the fries had become greasy and soggy from being under the fish and they weren't that great anymore. The fish was pretty yummy, but if I ever get it again I think I'd ask for it to be fried a little longer to get more crispy on the outside. Also, $25 for lunch in the city (fish and chips + iced tea) seemed a bit much.
Overall, not a terrible place, but nothing super special about it either. I'd come back for some drinks and get some fries again but not sure if I'll be back for lunch.Been here before.... Stopped by on fourth of July for snacks and cold drinks to rest our weary feet. Busy but quick, courteous service. Nice employees. We had snacks - Fries served with spicy sauce and fried pickles. Also they have vinegar for fries.Loved the interior and vibe of this place.  We came for lunch but I would want to come back during happy hour.  The decor has a very authentic irish feel.  The food is pretty good as well, we got the chicken fingers as appetizers and I got the crab melt sandwhich was was very tasty.I was hear to watch the six nations rugby.  
I had the Irish breakfast which was worth the $15.  
Service was fast and the beer flowed but overall this is just another Irish pub in America.Waiting 40 min for another round of beers and wine:((( and my glass of red wine smells like the glass was washed in the chlorine waterExtremely slow service, but maybe they had someone call out or something. Then tried to order the short rib enter but they were out of it. Got the French onion soup and sheppard's pie. The soup was excellent, the sheppard's pie ok. Cool Irish pub atmosphere, this place is probably better for hanging out at the bar sinking than a restaurant.Good for football/soccer.
Nice food and really good bar - magners on tap and guinness.We arrived, a party of five around 7:45 on a Monday night.  Hardly anyone in the place and the hostess chose to seat us in the far back  corner.  The place has several televisions broadcasting various games, yet she seated us at a table near the only TV that was not turned on.  We placed our drink orders and they brought us the obligatory soda breads.    Once our water glasses had been filled, they were never refilled - well mine was upon a second request.  One of the guys in our party asked for a substitution and our waitress said she would check.  It was at this point, our waitress traded us out to another server.  Our meals took what seemed like an eternity to come out and then of course, our new waitress had never heard of the substitution request (he wanted couscous instead of fries) and so that ended up a fiasco.  He ended up ordering the couscous as a side because they could not comprehend the substitution concept here.   I had salmon that came served over something flavourles that looked much like something I had coughed up during a bout with a recent cold!  It was green and gummy looking and I still have no clue what it was.  The guy next me ordered a chicken and pasta dish that was loaded with mostly what looked like boiled chicken skin.  My boyfriend had some sort of bundled asparagus chicken concoction and seemed to enjoy it.  The vegetarian at the table also seemed to find his dish acceptable (some spinach pasta dish).  We wanted to ask our server if they would turn the hockey game on but she was not to be found throughout our meal.  Finally she came around and asked if we wanted to see the dessert menu.  Again, once she dropped off the menus, not even John Daw could find her (if he were alive today)!  A few of us wanted dessert but opted out when we realized that we would be there another hour waiting for it!  So we asked for the check and had our card on the ready when she arrived so she could not get away.  
On the plus side, our waitress was cute and smelled really good and was overall pleasant when we did see her AND they have plenty of good options on tap (well, duh!  it IS an Irish pub)!
By the way, they finally turned the game on as we were about to leave.If you're looking for an Irish Pub where many of the patrons and staff are actually Irish, this is the place for you.  We went here for a girls night out and had a great time.  We didn't eat, but the drink prices were very good.  Graham took care of us at the bar and was fabulous -- quick serivce, lots of attention, good drinks.  A band came on after 10pm, which was fun.  It was very crowded, which we liked.  I'd recommend getting there a little early, so you can get a seat at the bar and get to know the bartender.  It will pay dividends for you as the night goes on!  Great hang-out place to mingle and people watch on a weekend.  I'll be going back.We love hanging out here, but recently booked a large party last minute, and they were wonderful and accomodating. The fish and chips are exceptional, as are the beers. Great bartenders!Typical Irish bar with typical bar food. The drink menu is limited. The Bavarian pretzel sticks are tasty.Went here recently for a hurling match between Waterford and Cork (my team lost ). Loads of well placed TVs around the bar and a projector screen. Good beer and above average bar food! Also, there is lots of genuine Irish memorabilia and photos around the bar which is lacking in the majority of other so called Irish bars in the US. Irish bar man is also a plus!Tir Na Nog is a great place to watch Rugby and Soccer. They are sure to have a game on any time of day. 
They have a curry sauce for their french fries (and a curry chicken sandwich) which is delicious! I LOVE curry fries! Almost as good as the curry fries at the Blue Comet in Glenside. 
Happy hour is always crowded with the after work crowd, and this place is a blast on St. Patrick's Day with live entertainment. I've always had a good time at Tir Na Nog. 
Their staff is incredible too. After missing my train home on Valentine's day, I stopped in for a beer. The bartender, feeling sorry for me no doubt, gave me a free drink and some nice conversation while I waited for the next train. Major bonus points, Tir Na Nog, major bonus points!I stopped in for one beer today ($5.50 for a Guinness, too expensive), which would certainly prove to be all.  A bunch of suits with CNBC on the flatscreens, everything overpriced and no happy hour specials or cool people or good music. YUCK.Just visited for an early dinner with family in from Baltimore.  First impressions started off poorly as soon as we opened the Dinner Menu.  It's not the same as what's posted on their website.  It took several tries to get the waiter to understand when he finally admitted..."we don't do a good job of keeping our online menu updated".
Having settled for items on the actual menu the meal was OK.  However near the end, around 5:15 PM they started playing with the volume of the background music,  aka noise and cranked it up by 50%.  I have an app on my phone that registered over 110dbs.  Hardly an atmosphere to chat with family or friends.
I'd say the 20 year olds running the place need some adult supervision.As "Tir Na Nog," means Land of Eternal Youth, I guess it's only natural that this Irish sports bar has a Land of Eternal Youth themed stained glass window on the way to the bathroom. I'm a little obsessed with this thing because the panes feature a unicorn, and a guy who looks like he's frowning, and a lady in pink, whose face we never see. I find it quite creepy, in the way that I want to take a photo with instagram with it and caption it, "Say whuuhhh?" 
Dim lighting, large, dark-wooded bars, plenty of TVs, here. If I'm in Tir Na Nog, the bar and grill, it's because I'm watching soccer. If I'm in Tir Na Nog, Land of Eternal Youth, I'm probably sporting that mullet I had at 9 years old, with my luck.