Went in Saturday night for dinner and they had a live band playing that you didn't need to be drunk to enjoy. The waitress was great I remember her from when we worked together when tony Luke's sports bar opened. Me and my fiancé wanted to share a couple things since it was our first time in there and everything we tried we loved. If I had to say what my favorite was it was the seafood Mac and cheese. But if I had to choose what my least favorite was I wouldn't be able to pick because everything was amazing including the prices which was very affordable. Can't wait to go back.Wow - had heard about this place on the radio - used to go here when it was Tony Lukes. Anyway best way to describe this place is has gourmet bar food. It is the Le Bec Fin of bar food. Had the baked wings cooked perfectly - my wife had the seafood mac and cheese , we shared the Thai Calamari which is to DIE for. Great beers, great service a new Philadelphia institution. Staff is all from central casting Philadelphia - "What can I do for you doll."It does not get any better than this.Must try the wings. I have had the coconut curry, golden monkey bbq, mango salsa jalepeno and also ponzu wings. All exceptional. Fish tacos are my favorite, better than i had in Key West. Atmosphere changes upon the time/day you go but overall good. I really hope this place stays here forever!We arrived early for an Eagles game, and decided to head over here.  I'm glad we did.  Good atmosphere, great service, and the food is far above average bar good.  
Completely did not expect a diverse and delicious menu.  We had the Thai style calamari, which was slightly overcooked but the flavors were spot on.  The cheese steak spring rolls were terrific.  Their wing selection is great, we went with both satay and general tso options.  
The staff is friendly, and responsive.
I think will be part of our Eagles pregame from now on.We've been here several times always good food, great staff, reasonably priced. Nice change of pace and just a short hop over the Walt Whitman Bridge from NJ.
The Nashville dry rub on the wings and chicken sandwich is awesome.Love it here! Nice new sports bar! Good food, good beers on tap! friendly staff and clean!They started doing Grubhub/phone delivery then scaled back the food selection. WTF, man! I wanna eat stuffed long hots in my own parlor sometimes with a forty. 
Still a solid place, though, and I will continue to patron.Great bar and friendly staff ! The buffalo cauliflower and seafood Mac & cheese were absolutely delicious ! Menu is a perfect size. Wings are a big hit also ! Definitely a great bar and fun atmosphere, especially in the nicer weather they have an area for games outside.Oh my goodness. They actually delivered to me via Grubhub, got to me at exactly when they said they would, and I'm stuffed. But I had to come write this. 
I got a mid rare burger and it was phenomenal. Nothing wimpy about the food here- they're givin it to ya, and they're givin it to ya good. Heaps of carmelized onions, tomato and some cheese, hefty portion of fries along side- this is exactly what my soul was craving when I placed my order. I also got the mac n cheese egg rolls. They are great in theory, I wish they had a slightly lighter, crispier outside; and the inner mac and cheese portion was good but a little bland. A dash of salt or some hot sauce would make these out of this world. I was far too stuffed to attempt to eat any more! 
Overall this is a solid place with good portions. You can tell whoever is cooking really knows what they're doing. I'll definitely be trying them again!My new, favorite sports bar in Philadelphia. Great beer list--domestic, imported, and craft. Wonderful outdoor seating area. Check for live music (one stage indoors, one out, weather permitting, and the bands were tight). Solid burger, fried hot peppers, and a pork sandwich that *almost* gives Tony Luke's (the famous institution just across the street) a run for their money.Had a blast after an eagles game!!!! DJ is a little loud to have a conversation with friends.. but great time!!!!My favorite place for wings. We went Saturday night after the derby. Our server Kelly was outstanding. She was very friendly and prompt. I had the golden monkey BBQ wings. My husband had the sweet and spicy wings. Both were outstanding. Ten friends came to join us they also loved the food and atmosphere. A bus came with at least 30 people and the staff didn't miss a beat. Toll Man Joes is definitely a great place to go eat and have fun!Love it here! Nice new sports bar! Good food, good beers on tap! friendly staff and clean! 
Just had their quesadilla, and I was very very impressed! Tons of flavor and great value! It will absolutely fill you up!So I finally made it to the Mecca of this end of South Philly about a month and a half ago. Crowd is def older, but, that really is non-issue. 
We were seated quickly despite it being a crowded Friday night. I had the portobello burger and the bae got the Texas burger. We shared the calamari as an app. Food was awesome and that, 2 beers, and a couple sodas came to about $53 after tip. 
One star off for our waitress, a young black female. She forgot our refills a few times, but, was still fine overall.
Will return.The food is Amazing!!! Happy hour 4p- 7p.
I finally got to try the stuffed long hots that everyone Raves about. While they are a bit hot(I love spicy food- no complaints from me) they were Amazing. I practically licked the plate clean. I also tryed the Garlic Parmesan wings- I think I died and went to heaven. 
Atmosphere is great.First timer.. My food was delicious and home made and the server named Teri was soooo sweeet it completely made the experience awesome! Will deff be coming back soon for some drinksssI was craving the stuff long hots so Boyfriend and I decided to have a late dinner so I could satisfy my craving. Tonight we tried to seafood mac and cheese which was rich but yummy But the Southwest Mac & Cheese was to die for!!!!Myself and my boyfriend go there pretty often. We just went on Wednesday night and it was packed. I wish I got the waitress' name but she was amazing! She was clearly super busy and didn't let that affect her customer service. 
The food is always so good!!! My favorite is the stuffed long hots which I get every time I go and the flatbreads! 
Super clean and a great environment!If you like places that have great customer service and awesome food, then this is the place for you. Bobby our bartender was fantastic and the crowd was nice. Looking forward to Quizzo on Wednesday nights with Jimmy Lamb.Great food and cold beer. Found this place on accident heading to Tony Luke's for a cheesesteak and me and my friends decided to head across the street for a beer and ended up staying and ordering appetizers. We had 12 people and everyone raved about the food. Definitely be coming back and recommend it to fellow yelpers.Food and drinks are great, but the service is slow. Just your typical sports bar but with an amazing food menu.Amazing food every time! Seriously, super high quality. Nice job guys! Get the seafood risotto. Or short rib mac, or burgers. Everything is made in house including dessertThe food is great. Service is good. 
The music is way too loud during dinner. We asked the waitress to turn it down. There was no one there listening to music, just watching tv. There's no reason for it to be that loud during dinner. The waitress and bar staff couldn't hear a damn thing. You had to repeat yourself like 4 times for everything. No exaggeration. TURN DOWN THE MUSIC.Toll Man Joes is one of the best sports bars in the city with great food.  Make sure you try the wings!Hard to find the place. It is under the highway.  Lol.  Bartenders were very good.  Food was good. Quesadillas were good. Wings were pretty good. Beer was cold and good selection. Would go back. Had a band playing and seemed good and was definitely drawing a crowd.Amazing food. Amazing service. The wings are tasty and large. The sweet potato fries with the Butter Pecan butter is the best thing I have ever had. Came here during Monday night football with eagles and redskins great friendly crowd. The server kept the drinks coming and this place is great food and drink specials!Food was really good.  Great wings.  Under staffed, service was extremely slow but very friendly and accommodating when asked.  Decent tap selection.Toll Mans is a good place to watch a game playing or just to grab a drink at the bar.
Staff is always nice and it's pretty much a neighborhood bar. My last visit I was there for happy hour so it was $5 apps. I had the hot buffalo chicken tenders and they were decent! Drinks are fairly priced and the bar itself is very nice.Our initial intention was to grab a philly cheese steak at Tony Lukes then a couple beers at Tole Man. Sat down at Tole Man and it was all over, service was amazing, and the bar food was great; sorry Tony.Clean place.  Food is fresh and amazing.  
Im not much for seafood, but I tried a spoonful of the seafood mac n cheese and it was delicious.  Dont be fooled by the name. I also tried the chicken quesadilla and the chicken is shredded, not chunks as it normally would be. Theres chicken in every bite!  Their wings are by far theee best. They are large and meaty with choice of fried or roasted with a choice of nine sauces including the three basic buffalo. 
I also tried a few bites (because it was so good) of the crab meat risotto and it was creamy and so yummy.  I recommend it. 
The staff is friendly and entertainment is a plus. 
There is ample outside seating, and there will soon be an outside covered beer garden available as the weather gets a little colder.  Its a new place so not too many people know its there yet.  A South Philly gem for lunch or dinner.  I would suggest trying it out a few times as we did because theres a lot of great food on the menu.I always order on grubhub for my wings and apps from here. The roasted garlic and roasted buffalo wings are very large and fresh, none of those dry freezer-burn tiny wings you get elsewhere. I also liked the mac and cheese eggroll but for the price, you only get one cut in half and it was a major rip off. So maybe fix that for over $5 for one tiny eggroll. As the other reviews state, they do not pick up their phone! One time I couldn't order on grubhub and tried calling 5 times and decided to stop in myself to order and wait for my food which defeats the purpose of ordering ahead. When I stated to the employee that I called several times and had to come in to order, she apologized and got my wings to me in 10 minutes. They weren't busy at all so idk what's up with their phones. Still love their wings and appreciate the quick rush for my food.Awesome food, been here a couple of times and everything has been great. The staff is friendly and attentive. Great place to watch games or see bands. I Will be back!We ordered our food around 7pm this evening. The delivery wait time was between 40-50 min and our food arrived at 8:15pm. All we ordered were wings and fries. The fries, for four dollars, were ice cold and the container was about half full - a handful of fires at best. The wings were ok - decent size but those were also luke warm. The delivery (for a four dollar fee) was clearly the result of the mediocre food, however we weren't too far from the restaurant (we live on Oregon by Broad Street but not close enough to walk). I'm guessing if you go to the restaurant the food will taste better when it's hot and fresh out the kitchen. I probably wouldn't get delivery again from here.Months ago, my cousin attended a Knights of Columbus function buffet here and was impressed with the food. I doubt either one of us will eat here again.
Even though the place was practically empty, our waitress had trouble seating us. I guess 5:30 is a bad time.  When we left, I noticed the empty table next to us was given full menus with the daily specials. We were not even told the soup du jour. My cousin ordered a lobster bisque and a short rack of ribs. While she was eating her bisque, which was good, she was told they we out of ribs. She finished her soup before I received my order of salad! 
We waited over a half hour between being seated and receiving our entrees. And at the time, there was only one other table in the room!!! I ordered a chicken BLT with sweet potato fries and cole slaw as an extra. It was possibly the most tasteless chicken and sliced avocado I ever ate. And while my fries were hot, the bacon was not. Neither the garlic mayo or the butter pecan dipping sauce as mentioned on the menu were included; the cole slaw was full of sugar.
My cousin decided on crab cakes, which were mediocre. Her mashed potatoes were cold. The waitress did offer a dessert on the house we felt we already spent too much time there.I can't give this place enough stars. 
Food is awesome. Atmosphere is awesome. Service is stellar. 
Tons of parking. Food isn't expensive and you get a lot. 
There is always something going on here. 
The dance parties are so much fun. 
I always get the wings. The are very filling. Not dinky little things. 
This is one spot I'll be at over and over again.Best bartenders and servers in the city!!! Awesome food.. my favorite happy hour and pre-game bar! Great Go to spot for philly sports games. Weekend entertainment is always lots of fun.. Free Parking!! I love this placeWalked in, sat down, was promptly ignored by the bartender and all wait staff for 10 minutes. We got up, and left. The place wasn't busy. The bar was half full, a few other tables had guests, but apparently no one felt like working.Tollman Joes is the best place in South Phila for great food service and cold beer. Everyone needs to go there to try it out. Also the bathrooms are pretty cool.The food here is average at best.  It's slightly over priced for being in south philly.  They charge center city prices like it's a classy bar.  If you like soccer rather than watching the Phillies, this is the bar for you.  I just prefer my Philly teams.  It's a shame, this is a great location and could be a great bar.  But I'm stuck watching soccer, it's not even a major team.  I could understand if it was a championship game.  Plus the sound kept cutting out.  I would recommend any of the other local bars rather than this place.Dinner yesterday, we had salmon and crab cakes, both delicious, salmon was supposed to be on risotto but none available, gave us mashed potatoes and green beans. Both were good. No dessert available. Drinks were good and reasonably priced.  It wasn't crowded, so service was okay. Waitress kept trying to take my plate when I wasn't done yet, my only complaint.Toll Man Joe's is located on Oregon Ave just a few steps from Front St directly across from Tony Luke's Steaks. The building/site where it is located has been a lot of different businesses over the decades, and none have seemed to stick for more than 5-6 years. I believe there's a reason for that. But more on that later. 
We arrived on a hot evening and were mulling sitting outside or inside but decided on inside; not because of the heat, but because the outside looked absolutely trashed. There was litter all over the green Astroturf that lined the ground. Not a good first impression. 
We were told by the server that we could sit whereever we liked. The inside ambience was markedly better. But the interior has a "watered down" Chickie's and Pete's feel to it. The sports memorabilia was stuff you could buy at Modell's. They had a reasonable amount of TV's to watch the game; I would choose this as a secondary landing spot if the bar of your choice is filled up during a big game. 
But the area that TMJ's sits in is a pretty dead area. We went on a Thursday night and there were about half a dozen other parties in the joint total. We then went across the street to South Bowl and it was pretty dead over there too. That area in South Philly just hasn't built enough reputation as a "nightspot" the way Northern Liberties/Fishtown or the new area down by Sugarhouse Casino has (with Goose Island/Fillmore/Revolutions) has. It either needs more time or needs to wait until more development happens. The area under I-95 is still populated heavily by homeless people and once you go past South Bowl, there's nothing for miles until you get around to where IKEA and Best Buy are (no nightlife though). 
Beer selection: pretty good actually. They had over a dozen different brews on draft. 
Food: decent. Not spectacular. I had the Toll Man burger and it was pretty good; it came with glazed shrimp on it which I pulled off and ate by itself. Wife had this grilled salad that she enjoys. 
Service: pretty spare. Very "no frills" and Diner-ish. But speed wasn't a problem. Food came quickly and we weren't dry on drinks for very long. 
Price: I would say a tad overpriced for the fare. 
In the end, it's decent but needs more time to find an identity along with the rest of the area.(Note:  I RARELY Give 5 stars, 4 is very impressive)
Super-friendly service!
Stopped by on the Friday afther Thanks Giving.
They were kind of busy, Christ Mass party upstairs, acoustic band in the back and were approached by the music bingo guy (great!).
REALLY Friendly service (Karen), made us feel right at home.
I got the Nuclear wings, thought they were heavy on the salt and ancho, so they didn't hit the spot and were taken off the bill, which wasn't neccessary, I ate 3 of the 10.
The rest of the family, burger, cheesesteak spring rolls, chicken parm, off the charts.
Really great time! 
We will be back, Great work out of Tollman Joe and his staff!!!Literally worst customer service ever. If you try to call in to pick up food, you'll never even get a chance to because they don't answer the phones. I called and called and no one answered so I drove there to order and there were two tables in the whole place. Not busy at all so there was no reason they shouldn't have answered. The only reason I'm giving them two stars is because I really like their lobster bisque. This whole not answering he phone thing to order has not only happened to me once. It's been over and over and that's why I'm giving them such a low ratingCan't say enough fine things about Tollman Joe's.  Not only is the food tasty (THE best wings!), the live music great and the prices very reasonable, but the owners and staff are first class good people who really care!  An establishment totally worth patronizing and supporting!Oh, where do I begin? We went here because it's close and we wanted to try something different than Chickies and Petes. We were at a table right in front of the "stage" where a 2-person band was playing. Not their fault, we chose not to sit at the bar (which is farther from the stage) so I don't hold that against them. It was definitely an older crowd than we expected (not that there's anything wrong with that, just nice to know before you go if you're looking for a certain type of atmosphere). There was a 50th bday party going on at a nearby table and other similar groups meeting up, so it's obviously a favorite place to many people in the short time it's been open. It was a Saturday night during playoff football and they had the "Lethal Weapon" tv show on all of the TVs for the first 15 mins of the Patriots/Texans game. It was so cold we had to keep our coats on the whole time. Our waitress was super overwhelmed and the wrong things were brought multiple times. 
As far as the food, sorry to say it was terrible. Our friends got the boneless wings, which were basically chicken nuggets. Then they got burgers, which were fine but nothing special. My husband is obsessed with fish tacos so he got those and was super disappointed that they tasted like something that was just put in the microwave. I got the quesadilla, which was a complete mess with grease pooling on the plate. The taste of the chicken wasn't that bad but I was afraid to eat too much because it was way too spicy and greasy. 
We had high hopes for somewhere so close to us and with good Yelp reviews (AND with a parking lot!) but we will probably not be returning. May be okay to grab a drink at the bar, but that's about it.Great wings id only go on Wednesdays so there half off, but the down side to this place is the service. In order to retain any kind of attention all night you have to be a 45+ bar fly for the waiter to like you and for the bartender to wanna serve you. Oh and the music is soo sooo soooo LOUD you will not be able to hear the person next to you without screaming thats not an exaggeration.I was visiting from Colorado and my sister and a friend live in South Philly. We have passed this place so many times and have heard great things, but nothing could prepare us for how fantastic it is! The service was spot on! We had an awesome server who was friendly and beyond accommodating. I wish I got her name, but she was the perfect server. 
The three of us are "foodies" and we all agreed that the wings and the ranch were the best we ever had. You can order your wings roasted, the hot sauce is flavorful, and the ranch with fresh dill was worth the wait in visiting. We also had the stuffed long hots and bread which was also fantastic.  Beers were super reasonable. 
Did I mention they had live indoor music and a killer outdoor area with TVs and lawn games. There is plenty of room for your kids on a sunny afternoon and 10 of your friends. My sister and her friends will make this a regular spot.  Actually, they may have never left today;) I'll be back when I visit the east coast in just a few months. Ten out of ten for food, ambiance, and service!Look, my fiancé and I don't even follow football. But when my friends wanted to watch the Eagles crush Minnesota, I figured I'd join them since it was big deal. I'm so glad we came here! We didn't get a ton of food, but I was happy with what I got. They have a lot of options, and I was really pleased to see a bunch of vegetarian options! For any of their many wing sauces, you can get fried cauliflower for a meatless "wing." 
But the real star of the show was the SERVICE! With a packed house, you can imagine the staff were certainly spread thin. But aside from maybe a tiiiiny little longer wait in asking about another round of drinks, I was SO impressed. The staff was all super friendly and attentive. 
Even though I don't live really close to here, I look forward to coming back. I might even start following football more just to come here. ;)I went to this bar for food and drinks and was dissatisfied by both. The angry orchard that I had was sour and the  crab cake sliders were too greasy. I also ordered shrimp and the tartar sauce was disgusting. I thought my nose hairs were on fire because it has too much Horseradish. The customer service was horrible and beyond slow. Never again.. BTW nothing I'm stating is inaccurate. Just scroll through the other yelp reviews. The customer service is horrible at this location and my bartender ended up going on break and was replaced with somebody else even slower.. MIND YOU it was very slow the time I went and they do not pay attention to the customers.Amaaaaaaaazing wings. You must try the wings here!!! Possibly the best I've ever had. The group I went with agrees!Do not come here if you actually want service of any kind. My husband and I were waiting for 1t minutes to get seated. We saw a bunch of waitress and the hostrss walk by us. Nothing. Finally. I said something. Someone comes up and goes go upstairs.  We have no idea what to do. We sat at a table, just waiting for some type of service. We get a menu and place our order. Soup, brussell sprouts and wings. Takes a long time right? 45 minutes later, we get our food. During this time, we never saw the waitress again. They completely messed up the wings, the Brussels were greasy and the soup was a joke( burnt cheese and flavorless broth). The sweet potato fries that come with brown sugar bourbon sauce, actually came with a flavorless butter.  While eating, no waitress. We just put a random amount of money down and left swearing to never come back. We recommend that you steer clear of this place.Decent sized sports bar with quality bar food deep down in South Philly. We've been meaning to stop by during football season as we've heard nothing but good things about the new joint to take home in what was briefly and formerly the sit down space of Tony Lukes (it's located across the street from the original). 
Finally made it over, and it lives up to its hype. The menu is quite extensive. There's definitely going to be something for everyone, including vegetarians. 
Our table ordered and was totally satisfied with:
- ceaser and wedge salads
-two flatbreads (margherita and top your own from the kids menu) 
-calamari in a sticky Thai sauce 
-Mac & cheese egg rolls 
-Easy Mac off the kids menu 
-burger with poached egg 
-beer battered cauliflower bites, which you can toss in one of their many tempting wing sauces. I chose a delicious tangy and sticky icky good mango salsa jalapeño. Yum!!
*Their wings seem to be a standout item. Available breaded, roasted or boneless in quantities of 10,20,30 or 50 and drenched in 8 sauces. If you're a wing fan, I'd say this is your place. I love and appreciate that they offer the sauces for those delicious cauliflower bites! A great vegetarian game time option! Wings are 1/2 price of Wednesday's.
Other weekly specials include:
Mon- build your own burger for just $6
Tues-AYCE crabs
Thurs-ACYE mussels. 
Prices were fair and portions were large!
Oh, I also tasted a skinny piña colada, which was very tasty! I have never seen one without cream and this vegan was super happy! Refreshing! 
Service was great and we had to the place to ourselves on a random Sunday summer night. I would love to come back for a game though! It seems like it could be a great place to watch. 
They have a stage inside and host live music. 
They also have an outdoor "garden" area with corn-hole and other lawn games and Adirondack chairs. 
Parking in their lot located under 95 is easy. It's huge and free.Walked in, sat down, was promptly ignored by the bartender and all wait staff for 10 minutes. We got up, and left. The place wasn't busy. The bar was half full, a few other tables had guests, but apparently no one felt like working. 
Update: we went to the Wildwood location this ost weekend. Same review applies. They must only hire slugs.awesome food, great beer selection, live music on a Thursday night is impressive.  everyone is friendly.  great experience..I've been here twice within the last week.The first time we sat at a table for dinner on a Wednesday night and the food was outstanding. I had seafood Mac and cheese which was DELICIOUS and I also split fish tacos with my husband and we were both extremely pleased.  The hardest part of being there is deciding what to eat. The wings looked AMAZING so my husband will be trying them next time! 
The second time we sat at the bar. There is a very welcoming crowd at night and the service was amazing. Our bartender was one of a kind and the most personable. He was aware of the menu items and was very observant! We asked him for his work schedule just so that we can come back when he bartends again. His name was Aussie and I would recommend anyone that is there for a drink to ask for him to help you! 
I have no negative reviews so far! This place exceeded my expectations!Awesome bar.  Great crowd on a Friday night.  Quizzo on the main stage and a very talented acoustic performer in the back bar.   I like this place and have been here before, and will be back. But...
Was really going to Tony Luke's which was packed and seeing the prospects of a beer and a cheesesteak across the street I popped over to TMJ. 
The "but" is... the $11 chicken cheesesteak sandwich was half full. Seemed like one of those empty no name cheesesteaks you get in a suburban strip mall for $7.  But I just paid $11.  How can you be 30 ft away from one of South Philly's cheesesteak Mecca's (Tony Luke's) and offer this as an sandwich?     
And I am Mr "no negative reviews"Went for drinks with my coworkers afer work on a Friday. Wasn't too crowded. Ordered a whiskey sour and my friend had a bottled beer. It was bingo night too. We ended up ordering food. The wing were extremely good! Loaded fries and crab cakes were exceptional as well. Definitely will return! They also had karaoke later.Came in after a work meeting with some of my coworkers.  Nice spacious bar inside, happy hour specials were good too. Bartenders were nice and appetizers were great! Nashville dry rub wings were really good!!Amigo Dan was unable to finish his Cheesesteak because it was too salty.  I am not salt adverse but this was a little salty.  I could have finished mine but it was a little salty.  At $11 it was salty and small.  It did come with french fries, which were salty. Tuesday is $5 Cheesesteak night.  It would have been easier to overlook other things on a Tuesday.