I travel to Texas and the south about 20 times a year for work and have gotten to experience some real deal BBQ.  I had a pint of their pulled pork and thought it was good but it didnt have the smokey flavor that real bbq has and was a tad on the dry side but still very flavorful.  Cornbread was moist and flavorful and i like the whole corn in it.  My wife had an order of the chicken finger and fries and was disappointed with them.  The fingers were very bland tasting and a good amt of the batter feel off in the box  Fries were soggy and required being put in the over to crisp them up.  Regular bbq sauce was very good and the spicy one as well but it has some serious kick to it.Do not ever get delivery from this place. We placed a small order of a few items and were told it would be 30 mins.... an hour and 45 mins and two calls later we received our food which was cold, mush, and just overall disappointing, especially based on the price.  I called to complain and the Manager said he was sorry but the driver was missing for awhile... what does that even mean...how does a driver go missing?? I would have had no problem waiting a longer time for delivery if they told me that at the time I placed my order. To estimate over an hour under is just inconsiderate in my book. Even though the Manager gave us a $10 credit toward a future order I will not be trying this place again. Very dissatisfied.Let me start by saying this The pulled pork sandwich was really good. That being said everything else was far from up to par. Just moved to the area and was looking for BBQ and and found this place. I see there were a lot of good reviews for this place but that's not the case anymore. I guess it's under new management or something. I walk in there and there is one other lady that had already ordered, I go up to the counter and order what I wanted off the menu only to be told they only have pulled pork and baked beans. This place opens at 11am and I got there at 12pm usually BBQ place open later in the day because they cook/prepare all the ribs pork chicken and so on all morning. So I get 2 pork and 2 baked beans ... Then the waiting game begins. The wait was forever and I ended up paying $20 for 2 sandwiches and only got one cup of baked beans instead of 2. Hopefully they turn things around.Must be under new management. Very disappointing. Ribs were dry. No fries. Credit card machine was down. Soda fountain was broken and spilling onto the floor. And some guy insisted on taking our picture as satisfied customers. We ran.Pulled pork, deep fried mac & cheese and spicy BBQ wings... all amazing. It really doesn't matter what you get, it's pretty much all good. The only thing I've ever gotten that I didn't love is the cornbread, I found it to be a little dry. 
Get extra BBQ sauce... it's amazing. Tangy, sweet, and not too thick without being watery. I'd probably take shots of it if you asked me to.
The only thing stopping this from being a glowing 5-star review is the amount of times I've called and tried to order only to be told they ran out of one or several of the items we wanted to order. This has forced me to order elsewhere at least a handful of times because they only had a few items available.
When you can get it, it's awesome, and they deliver which is a big plus in Manayunk.
Side note: I did have their food once when it was catered... it still tastes just as good and there is a ton of food.I really want to give Tommy Gunns a better rating, unfortunately I just can't justify giving them that 3rd star. 
When I go for BBQ the first thing I want is Ribs and the Rib Crib about 5 minutes away in Germantown makes Ribs and Chicken that are just flat out better than Tommy Gunns. I went to college right between the 2 and there was never an argument where my roommates and I were going to go when we wanted BBQ. 
The guys were there were always friendly and the service is quick. The pricing is reasonable. They even provide food in the Alumni Tent at Homecoming ... 
Tommy Gunns BBQ is good. But, like the review says, I've experienced better.Probably the worst dining experience of my
entire life. No - definitely the worst! They were "out of everything" other than pulled pork - stale rolls and baked beans they microwaved from a giant can. Sorry but I like my BBQ meal slow roasted and real ! Nothing was ready - it took about 30 min to heat that garbage up and was beyond small and in satisfying. Whoever claims this used to be the best place around - sorry that ship sailed a long time ago and it is now an overpriced joke. Don't waste your time - go straight to Dekes on Shurs. I live a few blocks away and am lucky enough to smell them smoking the meat outside and cooking all day .. The way it should be !We've ordered from Tommy Gunns a few times. I enjoy their brisket. The only issue I have is with their consistency. The food tends to be different each time- always good-ish but often different.You've been past Tommy Gunn's a hundred times, that orange and yellow shack at the bottom of Ridge Avenue.  But it always slips your mind when it is time to eat barbecue.  You've wondered if it is any good.  
Well, it isnt good.  It is downright delicious!
The beef ribs are wonderful.  Rubbed and slow cooked, just a hint of sauce.  Same for the brisket, which has a hint of crispy crust surrounding juicy meat.
Their meats are some of the best in the city.  Their single choice of bbq sauce prevents the fifth star.  The sauce is tasty, slightly sweet.  But a spicier choice would be welcome.  (for example, the three sauces offered at Percy Street are superior)
Well, and then there is the deep fried mac & cheese.  Jesus, just give me another order of that!  
If you want to get some local flavor, dine in.  It's pleasant, clean, cramped, and you get some nice opportunities to chat with the folks bringing home take out.When I called in to order, they had no ribs (6:30pm)!  Baby back or regular.  I should have known then, but I ordered an alternative, the Brisket Reuben.  I have had it many times before, it was far different from what I enjoyed over the previous years, not good.
They also didn't have any baked beans and suggested the Mac and Cheese as an alternative.  It was inedible and deserved the famous Michelin 4-ply rating.
Their food has caught up with their location...
The very bottom of the hill.
P.S.  The counter people were very nice and apologetic.Tommy Gunns usually deliver good service depending on the young person servicing you at the time. I enjoy going in and ordering. I called this time and asked for delivery. First of all, I called twice with no answer. I go to the website and tried to download menu & that failed twice. I finally downloaded the menu and the catering menu is quite clear. The regular menu is horrible and I feel they need to revamp that. Not well thought through based on how people order. I call them back and they finally answer. The person taking the order was horrible. I felt like I was doing HIM a favor. It was 
Wearing me out. They need some classes in customer service. I keep going back because they deliver. The bbq and sides are just ok. They have been better. Consistantcy would help.They need more 2 liter sodas too. I would have bought more food if they actually sold their food over the phone. Suggest something or ask a question to help in the decision making. Gosh!
OK I'm lowering my rating from 2 stars to 1 star. The food arrived in a timely manner. They didn't give me a receipt for my credit card order. When we opened up the food, the Mac n cheese wasn't there. I called back and the rep from Tommy Gunns was rude and acted that I have the problem. He told me that he would make one for me but I would have to come to them and get it because he wont send anyone back out just for a Mac n cheese. I asked him to credit my credit card for the Mac n cheese and he said NO to that too. He said the manager is the only one that could do that and he would leave a message for him and I asked the name of the manager. He gave it to me. I said thank you. Then I heard nothing. 
OK The quality of the food has gone down also. 3 stars.Before my flight back to Chicago my friend and I were debating on what to eat as my final send off meal before returning home to the windy lovely. At first I had my doubts about trying a BBQ in Philly (more noteable in Manayunk), but man was I happy to explore the BBQ genius of Tommy Gunn's.
I've had some quality top notch BBQ in my day and I gotta hand it to Tommy Gunn's, when they do BBQ they do it right. We ended up ordering about 50 dollars worth of food between the two of us and I gotta say for two young men with fairly healthy appetites we polished everything off.
Baby-back-ribs. Nicely smoked with a nice rub with a little kick to it.
BBQ Chicken Wings. OMG. This was my favorite dish out of the meal. So tender yet not overly smokey in flavor, just the perfect combination of sweet, tasty, grilled delicious chicken.
Fried Mac-n-Cheese. Deliciousness in a clever corn muffin like package.
Fries. Eh. Not the best seasoned fries but consumed none the less.
Cole Slaw. Slaw as it is, nothing out of the ordinary but sweet and creamy enough to balance the palette in between bites of bbquey goodness.
Lemon Garlic Potato Salad-acidic vinegar dressing but counter balanced all the sweet, meaty, salty goodness.
Yeah, so the next time I'm in town forget Pat's, forget Rita's water ice, I'm heading straight for Tommy Gunn's to get my Philly BBQ fix.After getting in some running or bicycling along the river, this is a good spot to treat yourself to some calorie laden food.  The barbeque is not great, but it is good.  And importantly, it seems to cooked authentically for the style (low and slow).  The favorite items for my brother and I here, have been the baby back ribs and pulled pork.  Fries are good, and the collard greens also hit the spot.  Brisket and some other sandwiches, I feel are areas where they have room for improvement.I'm devastated.
I was visiting Manayunk this weekend and convinced the group of people I was with to give this place a shot. My apologies.
Upon picking up a menu, the only man working there kindly informed us that they were out of the following:
Beef
Brisket
Baby Back Ribs
Fried Mac and Cheese
This was over half of the menu. We were there at 3 p.m. on a Saturday. He offered to make us fries, which took over 20 minutes and one in our group fittingly described as "grease flavored bubble gum". 
The sandwich I received was the worst food I have spent (too much) money on in a long, long time. The small shreds of meat I got were cold. Not lukewarm, not room temperature, cold. I bit into a bone, twice. it was sitting in a pool of room-temperature sauce, clearly added after assembly. This sandwich took over 15 minutes to get to me, as the employee was busy flirting with the female customers who seemed to be regulars. 
Not only would I not return here, I would seriously, seriously caution anyone who considers it to save their money. How this place remains open is a mystery to me.Every time I order from here something goes wrong.  I'll go through various times I ordered.  Once they told me they dont have a delivery driver today, "yeah he didnt show up so we just dont have one today".  Ok?  Way to lose business on the delivery side.  One time they gave me the wrong sandwiches when I clearly said another type.  The icing on the cake is when my friends and myself placed a huge pick up order.  My one friend said "I'll pick it up" we all said ok.  He came back 10-15 minutes later with no food.  I asked confused "where's the food?" he goes "well....they didnt make it" he explained that our order was hanging in the kitchen and they just never made our order.  They confused our order for another customer's and never made the food.  Terrible Terrible place.When I had my Bat Mitzvah a couple of years ago (yes, I'm officially a woman now) who did I call to cater the party? Why, Tommy Gunn's, of course!
Sure, it might seem a little wacky to have BBQ at a Jewish rite of passage celebration, but I'm Southern and unconventional and besides, it was my party and I'll eat what I wanted to. Everything I've ever had from this joint has been super delicious and authentic, and the service is always great. Whether you want a simple pulled pork sandwich (my favorite) or enough food to serve 100 hungry people, you should pay them a visit.I've got to be honest, I'm a little shocked this place has an overall rating of 4 stars... 
I must have picked two not-so-great items from the menu; the ever-tempting Beef Sandwich on a potato roll and deep-fried mac and cheese. The mac and cheese wasn't so bad, but I think they failed on the deep-frying part. The menu calls it "hockey puck sized" and they weren't lying, but anybody can deep fry anything and it would taste OK. I think I ate a deep fried remote control once before and ya know what? Best remote I ever had! 
On the other hand, the BBQ sauce was surprisingly excellent but do you really go to a BBQ place for the sauce? Isn't it against the law to even consider opening an establishment that sells barbecue food and NOT have a good sauce to go with it? 
Lastly, and I can't put my finger on it, but I felt a little depressed being there... and I think the workers did, too. 
The price was right, but I'd happily pay the extra few bucks and go to Sweet Lucy's.This place is pretty f'n good. Portions are big and you can smell the pork and beef brisket cooking as you walk in. I have had a chance to sample almost everything on the menu and have found their Pulled Pork sandwich and spare ribs to be delicious. 
BBQ in Philly is nothing special but I would say this has to be towards the top of the BBQ places in the area. Unfortunately for the pulled pork it is not cooked or mixed into th BBQ so you have to pour the BBQ sauce on top. (I'm picky) and for a BBQ place their cornbread is subpar and often cold. Other then that the place is great.pretty darn good brisket, dont eat pork so I was upset that there was no beef ribs.  Corn salad really good but the greens were not very good at all(flavorless).  I will go back for the brisket.Is this place for real?  I had a catering order from them and it was horrible.  The food was not hot, not warm, not room temp., but cold. Flat out cold.  The server was unfriendly and flat out hated his life.  It was just a horrible experience that I do not care to have again.  I've never eaten there and now, I never will.I don't like ribs, but I keep finding myself going to this place to have ribs. They have the best ribs I've ever had. The BBQ beans are wonderful and the cornbread is just as good. Their simple approach to BBQ is the key to it's success.Baby Back Ribs were outstanding and the dry rub was very flavorful. Some of the best I've had in a while and very meaty. It certainly does seem like new ownership there, however, as the french fries were completely different than they had been in the past (frozen, crinkle-cut in a bag instead of spicy potato wedges of the past) and the baked beans were bland with no pork in them. 
The proprietors could not have been nicer, though, and were friendly and helpful through and through.The food here is awful.  I've literally never had worse BBQ.  I placed an order for a half rack of the dry rub ribs platter for delivery.  While it was delivered relatively quickly, it was all cold- and not just they had a bunch of deliveries to make and it was only warm, but like it had been in a fridge waiting cold.  The ribs weren't good and the potato salad (the tiny portion that comes with the platter) tasted like chemicals.  If you want BBQ in Manayunk I would go to Deke's any day over this place.  Just not worth it at all.I rode my bike with my sister all the way down Kelly Drive on evening. Our destination was Tommy Gunn's.  I was hankering for a nice big rack of ribs. Unfortunately we got there to late and they were closed. We ended up going to the Manyunk Diner. I got ribs there and they were ok, but did not satisfy the delicious meal I had envisioned after our ride.  The last time I ate at Tommy's the ribs were so very tasty and lip smackin, I dunno why it took me so long to return. The point I'm trying to make here if you dig good BBQ, this should be an eventual destinationI have, admittedly, not gotten as many different items on the menu as I would like to try. That being said I have never heard anyone complain about their food. 
My only problems with this place has been a bit of inconsistency and the dirty, smelly bathroom. A few times I have gotten delivery and it seems the corn bread changes every order. It's usually good but it would be nice to have a more uniform bread. Also more often than not the fried mac and cheese is overcooked/nearly burnt. The seasonings they use help a lot with this but you would think they could get the cook time down by now.
Overall though I would eat here again and try more things they offer. But to be safe I would rather pick up so I can check my food before I leave.I live in Manayunk and have been going to Tommy Gunns for years--I would have given them 4/5 stars back then. I hadn't been there in a bout a year and decided I needed to start getting some BBQ again. I went about a month ago, called ahead for the pulled pork sandwich combo with fries. When I got there they told me they were out of fries (how can you be out of fries?) so I went with the fried Mac & Cheese. The sandwich was below par and the Mac & Cheese was a fried, rock-hard hockey puck. I went back last week, called ahead for the same order. The pork in the sandwich was burnt (black) rock hard and barely warm, like lefty-over microwaved pork. It was like chewing tar on a roll. Their sauce is still great though. I was going to call and complain but I simply wont return.i'm not a big bbq sauce person but the first time i had a taste of tommy gunn's, i was converted. it's better than dave's and this is not the brain child of tim gun of project runaway. this is a small business restaurant and you will feel like you know everybody. don't be afraid if you see that the place is small and there is no place to eat when you get here because it can get crowded. well, you have an option - take it out, have a picnic and watch the navy regatta in the philly river.I think it must be under new ownership or management. They used to have BBQ slow cooking and ready to go...now it takes 15-20 minutes, the sauce isn't incorporated with the meat and it isn't tender like it ought to be. 
It's a shame and kind of a sham to not let people know that things have changed. I guess that is what YELP is for.I've been driving past Tommy Gunn's for a long time but never actually ate anything there until this weekend. Maybe it was because I really enjoy bbq or had high expectations for the place, but I was rather disappointed by the food. My ribs were not soft enough and the rub was nothing special at all. The french fries were way to spicy and rather cold. Also, the cashier messed up my order and ended up charging me for an additional side order. The food was just to expensive for the middling quality. Not horrible but just disappointing.I literally created a yelp account for the sole purpose of writing this review.   We've  been going to Tommy Guns regularly since it opened and it's gone so far downhill that we will never get food from there again.  I know the original owner sold it years ago, but it was still good for awhile.   Not anymore.  
The platters are much smaller, the corn bread is half as thick as it used to be, the fries used to be great but now they are terrible.  The new owner is going to run this place into the ground eventually.  It's just not good anymore.I ate at Tommy Gunns a few years ago and I was impressed..... 
The location you would be like wow that lil place right there but do not be fooled its really nice.....
I tried their ribs and brisket...The problem is the sauce. Whatever we've had was fine except the sauce. The sides were so-so. I am quite tempted to bring some famous Dave's BBQ sauce and try that because I am a local and I really do crave BBQ from time to time.This place is as close to the real deal as you can find in Philly. I went to school right up the hill and tried this place the first week it opened. Coming from California, I craved good BBQ since we tend to barbeque for large gatherings all year round. 
The owner was there I asked if he could make tri-tip (a special cut of meet found only West of the Rockies). He was familiar with the Santa Maria BBQ style tri-tip but unfortunately he can't get the cut done in Philly. I go for the brisket or the chicken most of the time. The beans are excellent too. Just be wary of the parking situation, it can be tricky.Really good bbq. The deep-fried puck of mac n cheese is awesome. They were serving breakfast for a while there but stopped. It's a shame. I had legitimately the best breakfast sandwich I ever had there. Bacon, egg, and cheese on a potato roll with real bacon not the tiny, gross pieces you get at most places. The Jerk Chicken sandwich is really good too and they have a special for it on Tuesdays, only 6 bucks. Love this place.So good. It's hard to decide what to get. Get it all. The baked macaroni cheese ball. Collard greens. The wings are excellent. The ribs too. If you live outside of the city, stop by here on your way home. Head towards Kelly or Lincoln Drive, it's not hard to find. Eat in or take out. I'm getting so hungry writing.Situated near the southern end of Wissahickon Park you'll find this convenient BBQ joint. Very few seating spaces.  You'll find one large table outside and 2 to 3 tables inside. The bbq availability is sporadic as it was the lunch hour and all they had were ribs and no pulled pork.
The ribs were succulent and tender though. They also gave the option of separating the bbq sauce on the side with spicey and mild. Overall the ribs were good and the sauce was a hit. Spicey and sweet. Skip the sides though as the collard greens weren't a standout nor was the corn bread. Great variety of fountain drinks as well.
Very good service and the owners were very friendly and accommodating.Tommy Gunns catered my wedding in October and people are still talking about how amazing the food was.   We decided to go with the pulled pork and jerk chicken, beans, corn salad (yum!) and mac and cheese.   The food was a perfect choice.  It gave that fun "down home" feel, while the flavors and execution were top notch.   The catering manager/owner Mike was very professional and attentive to our needs and requests. 
My favorite thing about Tommy Gunns is the sauce,  simply put...it is BANGIN!  I would put it on everything if they would bottle the stuff already!I have been to Tommy Gunns maybe about 5 times, and I have gotten the same thing all five times: the Beef Brisket Reuben.
First off, let me say that it is hard to find a good Reuben anywhere in Philly, and whenever I get a craving for a Reuben I have to have the offering from Tommy Gunns. The bread is wonderfully grilled to a perfect buttered toast, the coleslaw a perfect blend of crispness, sourness without feeling too pickled, and the Brisket!! a perfect blend of juiciness without sogging up the bread. And I appreciate the brisket to be tender but I prefer a little chewiness still. And its just that.
I think I need to get around to trying the BBQ here but for Reuben affectionados it hits the spot. And its just that, a solid sandwich that hits the spot.Pretty good ribs. Bit on the pricey side (but what rib joints aren't). Definitely will order from them again.Came here once..... And never again. Ordered pork ribs, Mac n cheese  and greens. The ribs were the only thing edible. Sides were cold and HORRIBLE!I absolutely loved Tommy Gunns. Great pulled pork and delicious fried Mac n cheese bites. Unfortunately road by today and it was closed for business :( so sad.This place is a great place to get your BBQ fix with no fuss. Located just before you reach Manayunk, it's in a tiny spot across from the bus stop and a scenic walking path along the Schuylkill River (which comes in handy if you're just ordering to go). Parking can be tight, but we don't have problems going at lunch time or early dinner time. 
There are a few tables to enjoy your BBQ there, but we've been taking ours home lately. We've also been skipping the sides and just getting two types of BBQ instead- delicious and no-fuss- just how we like it!I love hole-in-the-wall places with great comfort food, and Tommy Gunn's is just that.  This tiny, unassuming joint at an odd corner of Ridge Ave. offers up some of the best BBQ I've ever had.  I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, baked beans and the remarkable fried mac-n-cheese... it's cardiac-killing goodness the size of a hockey puck... it was phenomenal.  The staff was young and friendly... the outdoor seating was nice... and I was even lucky enough to grab one of the 3-4 spots in their tiny parking lot.  All-in-all, everything made for a simple yet great eating experience at a truly unique place!I'm ruined.  Now that I've had a 'gourmet' BBQ experience...I can never go back.  There was something soulful in the baked beans.  You can taste the hours of simmering with peppers, pork and spices.  Even the cornbread has it's own creamy Philly style... 
I have to tell you, anything homemade gets my highest recommendation.  You can tell the ribs have been painfully perfected; the Collards as delicious as, well, collards can be.  If you're anywhere near Manyunk, you have to give Tommy Gunns a try.  'Gourmet' BBQ at its best.Maaaaaaaaaaaan Tommy Gunn's is not messing around.  This BBQ is awesome. I like to think that I know good BBQ when I taste it.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with slaw and my boyfriend had the BBQ chicken.  The pulled pork was divine.  The chicken was really good too but I have a thing for pork. The cornbread was pretty big so we split it.  It is sweet and moist with corn kernels in it like yummy little sweet diamond nuggets of goodness.  The BBQ sauce is the absolute right mix between sweet, smoky, and spicy.  I SHALL RETURN! mmmmmmmmThis is literally a BBQ joint since it sits at the intersection of main street and ridge ave. The place itself is tiny so get your order to go. The Philly style ribs were meaty and well seasoned although there was just a little too much sauce. I almost wished that I had gotten the dry rub. I did like that the meat was tender and juicy though. The fried mac and cheese was delicious with a crispy shell and creamy, tender interior. Loved it!  I also tried the chicken, which was a bit on the spicy side but still very tender. It's not as perfectly roasted as Dienner's but still pretty good.  Overall a good pick for a takeout BBQ meal. I'll be back to try the pulled pork and brisket. Service is just okay. It's not great but not atrocious either.I've passed this place an innumerable amount of times in my life. It's truly an embarrassment it took me this long to go there.
My staple dish for BBQ places is a pulled pork sandwich so I went with that. As a side, I opted for their spicy fries. I was surprised to receive their pulled pork completely without any kind of BBQ sauce. However, I was dining in and their tables were all adorned with the proper condiments. (Cholula hot sauce, Tabasco, their BBQ sauce, salt & pepper) They had an interesting soda fountain of generic sodas and a nice selection of iced teas.
Dining inside obscenely tiny (max seating: 10) and the place is pretty awkward to get to. It can only be easily reached northbound on Ridge Ave. and you can only exit in the same direction.
Definitely going to head back some time to try out their other dishes. It was good but I'd have to say Sweet Lucy's BBQ is still my reigning champion for BBQ places in Philly. The BBQ I had at Tommy Gunns' was lacking a little bit of savoriness for my tastes. Also, the fries really weren't that spicy which was fine. They were seasoned well, if you think their fries are spicy, well, you're just a wuss.One of the Best BBQ places in Philadelphia by far. The pulled pork is good but I would recommend on any day their brisket. The sauces are pretty good(even though I like mine a little spicier) The sides are just ok, nothing that will blow you away if you weren't tasting it for the 3rd time(ahem other reviewers, I'm pointing to you). The one thing that really makes it a so-so experience every time I go there is the cornbread. Along with the BBQ Sauce you have got to have good cornbread to be an above average BBQ place to me. Plus...Its not that hard to make really good cornbread folks, go get the blue box for God's sake.Tomm Gunns is a foul temptress, seducing you away from all that you know to be good and holy with her mesmerizing pulled pork and alluring BBQ sauce. Even the slightest nibble of her seasoned french fries or buffalo wings will have you hooked.
If you intend to remain chaste to all things you consider pure, stay far, far away. Once she has her in her grasp, she will never let go.I went here for lunch today and Tommy Gunns delivered a great pulled pork sandwich on a solid bun. The bbq sauce was about average, but the meat was great! I regret getting the fries with so many great options for sides.
I'd rate the food very high, but the prices aren't so great. I think the prices are a bit steep and the service a little slow....but at this point I'm just nitpicking. BBQ is from the south where everything is slow.Meh.  I've experienced better.
Seriously, I feel like I should just be able to leave it at that.  The food is overpriced, especially if you get delivery.  Unfortunately, Tommy Guns is close to my house , so delivery is easy and a nice break from pizza, which isn't great in this part of the city either, so I find myself eating there too much.  That's going to stop very soon.
I usually have the sampler, which gets you some ribs, brisket, pork, bbq beans, and cole slaw.  The cole slaw isn't the type I like, and I rarely eat any of it.  The bbq beans are actually pretty good, but not any better than any other bbq restaurant.  Of the meats in the sampler, the pulled pork is my favorite.  It is usually cooked well, but at times is too dry.  I've never had brisket cooked to perfection there, usually dry and too heavy on the rub.  The ribs are a lot of bone and not all that great.
Once I had a driver harass me for a tip.  Not, "Hey, how about a tip."  More like delivered the wrong thing (I didn't tip because he was coming back), he reminded me about the tip before he left.  He called me on his way back about the tip, reminding me I have to add it to the line on the car.  After getting food I tipped him in cash, which I shouldn't have.  That experience has made me hesitant to order again and put me in an awkward spot.
Since the food isn't good enough for the price, the delivery people upset me, and there isn't anything special, I'll be hanging up my Tommy Guns card.  
Goodbye Tommy Guns, goodbye forever.My recent order from Tommy Gunns was extremely disappointing.  I ordered a bbq chicken sandwich and a sausage and peppers sandwich. 
The bbq chicken consisted of 2 small slabs of chicken that tasted dry and way overbooked.  It was like eating shoe leather on a hamburger bun. What gets me is that this same sandwich was prepared differently in the past.  I remember getting a big juicy piece of chicken on a kaiser roll that filled me up for a long time.  The inconsistency is what annoys me the most.
The sausage and peppers were not much better.  They too were overcooked and deprived of taste.
Safe to say, I will not be ordering from them again in the future.People from Texas/the south can go suck it... this barbeque reigns supreme! 
High marks for the pulled pork, and sides menu. Check out the homemade baked beans and cornbread. Mouth is watering just thinking about this place!
Restaurant could be a little cleaner, but it's a bbq joint... you don't want them to be too clean, right? 
Staff is always cool and hospitable (they always accomodate my request to substitute buns from the pulled pork party pack for more cornbread).The food here is great. There is no denying that. That is the reason my wife chose TG's as the caterer for our wedding, We started the process in January and were married in July. It was a simple buffet to feed 120 people. I guess the catering assistant changed a few times so there was some confusion over who we were and what we were order, but that was no big deal. The one thing that the manager of our wedding venue stressed was that the caterer was to clean up and remove the trash, linens and tableware immediately after the wedding, He even went as far as to express hesitation at using TG's because he said that they have a reputation for not providing this service. Despite this, we had the manager, and Michael, the owenr go on a walkthrough of the venue, where the manager told Michael that he needed to clean up afterwards or he could not cater our event.
Fast forward to 3 days before our wedding. The catering assitant tells me that their workers have to leave at 10 and will not be cleaning up after the wedding because they only work for five hours. In addition, if we want the plates and trash removed, we have to have everything broken down at 9pm and we have to pay extra for trash removal and truck rental, because their trucks are being used at other full service events. Had I known this was the case, I would have paid for these services in advance. Michael told me that his priority was the other two events, which was an absolutely unprofessional thing to say given the circumstances. Not only did he not hold true to the conditions set forth by the venue manager, Michael apologetically acted as if he was doing me a favor and I was the reason why these problems were occurring.
I may eat here again, but I will absolutely never use them for catering and will emphatically suggest that others do the same.I was once a regular at Tommy Gunns. It had been a while since I had made a trip but decided i was in the mood for BBQ. Well I went a few weeks ago and had to wait several minutes to place an order and i was the only on in line. I ordered a half chicken and was advised that they were out of chicken. It was 6:30 in the evening may i add. While trying to place my order i requested to "upside" my side dishes because the menu stated that was an option for an additional. Well the woman taking my order rudely told me i couldn't eventhough the menu states clearly its an option. Since i had been to Tommy Gunns several other times i chalked it up to just a bad day. Well I went in again today for lunch and was advised they didnt have coleslaw, cornbread, and other sides because i was advised "They didn't do anything last night" to prepare for today. Whats the point of having a restaraunt if you dont have any food available. Never again!!! Too far of a ride and too much traffic in that area for less than stellar experience. Too many bbq places around to deal with this. Tommy Gunns shot itself with bad service and false menu.The BBQ sampler is an introduction that I highly recommend. It comes with baby back ribs, spare ribs, pulled pork and chopped brisket with slaw and beans. 
I like the slaw, it's tangy and creamy. It is good stuff.
I was not so into the beans, but I'll polish them off sometime when I get the hunger.
The meats were good. Both the Brisket and the Pulled Pork were probably cooked at a temperature that was just a bit too high. The bark and edges of the meat were very tough, like they got over cooked, and typically that is from the temp being too high.
The ribs were pretty great though. The spare ribs were amazing! That is the only thing that I will be getting if I return. Also, it appears that they have a breakfast menu. Maybe a good stop after a ride through the Wissahickon...i wasnt too impressed after being recommened here.
Big Daddyz in Ridley blows this place out of the waterThis place USED to be amazing. I literally just left there still hungry. When we walked in we were immediately told that they only had chicken and pork. What kind of place has a full menu but on a FRIDAY night only has 2 things to offer? Oh and no corn bread. We ordered 2 pulled pork sandwiches and fries. We got 2 fountain sodas served to us in a 1 cup styrofoam cup. Thank god we could at lead re fill them. 
When we got our platters even more disappointment. The roll was way larger than the pitiful meat and sauce on the bun. Pulled pork is supposed to be shredded and tender. This was like they took a pork chop, over cooked it and cut it into pieces. It was horrible. The fries were salty, greasy and disgusting. Which worked out well because the no name ketchup tasted just as awful. 
This was such a disappointment. We told the lady who worked there that the food was awful and she said they had a new cook. I feel as they have adopted a whole new business scheme where the goal is to cut corners and cost. By the way the credit card machine is still down.If there is a best way to die I'd like to imagine that it involves the over consumption of deep fried macaroni and cheese - though arteries may shudder, a man can dream. 
Obviously BBQ is a very accessible variety of food but it can go wrong. Fortunately the people at Tommy Gunns have a passion for the food they make. The food here is great, I have not tried anything that I did not like and I have tried several things here that I love. 
The prices are just right and the food is ready fast. Their main problem is seating and parking. If you head here are the wrong time you are going to have some serious difficulties with each - possibly to the point that you have to go elsewhere to increase your chances of heart disease. Delicious, delicious heart disease.I have been waiting to write a review for Tommy Gunns, since I hadn't been there in a little while. 
I stopped in today to pick up some cheese fries for one of my employees. I couldn't believe how much you got for such a low price. I wasn't going to eat but I couldn't resist ordering the fried Mac and cheese. 
The fried Mac and cheese is about the size of a hockey puck. It's s fried shell filled with yellow mac and cheese. I remembered it being good, but I think it got even better. It seemed bigger and cheesier than I remember. 
Although I didn't sample any barbecue today, I have always loved the pulled pork and the ribs here. I think it's the best barbecue in the city. 
They have great customer service and they offer catering too.I'll keep this one short, sweet, and to the point. 
The BBQ food is as good as it gets. I have never tasted better BBQ in my life and I have traveled throughout this great nation in search of BBQ Nirvana. 
Perhaps if I were in NC, KC, or Texas full time I may find better, but in the City of Brotherly Love I promise that you will find no better. 
Now if you are going in the Summer or Winter please be advised that you may want to call ahead and take your order to go. The reason being is that indoor seating is limited and there is no A/C. 
I usually order mine there and get it to go since I work about 5 minutes away. 
If you are in the area or just curious about the little BBQ shack across from the bus terminal, stop in I promise that you will be pleased afterwards. 
The price is good for the portion and quality you are receiving. 
About $8-9 will get you a platter with a drink. 
I never left unhappy or hungry from this place.I feel guilty for waiting so many years to review THE only BBQ destination for so many of my friends and I for YEARS.  I love a low key venue that puts the focus on the quality and execution of the food as opposed to a place w all of the fancy bells and whistles w location and decor, but lacks in, purely, simple delicious food.
From my first visit, I've been hooked on the ribs and cornbread.  THAT was my go to meal until I finally went rogue and went for the pulled pork sandwich.  When I get to jonesing for pig, there is no other option than Tommy Gunns.  Stupid good.  Pigs voluntarily stand in line to get awesome here.
I wish they had full body sized wet naps for several reasons,but primarily because I get that sauce everywhere, eyebrows, elbows, full face down to the feet.  It's a full body experience.
The wings.  Oh, the wings.  It's like when you eat their wings, the rest of the world fades to black and white and only your lips, the wings and celery are in color.  I'm ashamed about this confession, but the expression - so good you'll slap your own mother.  Yeah.  That happened.  I was able to recover by telling her she had a giant horsefly on her cheek.  So eat these at the appropriate wing span of your mother for safety.
Now w some complaints: More locations needed where there is parking. Let's face it, Manayunk as a city, is not parking friendly, so can't hold that against them.  Maybe a Tommy Gunns Food truck, I mean, WTH?  No brainer.  Lastly, maybe give me the recipe for the bbq sauce!
As you can tell, I hate this place and the food.  Never go.  Ok, I just need the parking spot available.  GO GO GO!My wife and I went here a few weeks ago and enjoyed it.  Nothing to complain about. And we didn't have any problems with service.  But, it could have been b/c we just beat the rush.  As soon as I ordered, 10 different ppl walked in.  So, I don't really know how they felt about their experiences.  =)  We had ribs-dry rub.  They were fine, but I've definitely had better.  But, I'm new to Philly and haven't been to too many other places yet.  But for now, I would go back if I had a real craving.Tommy's... it pains me deeply to write this review, because you guys were so nice to me when I went there today. So sorry!!!  The truth is, I am NOT a fan!  I hated your chicken!
It was over-spiced like crazy, and you guys put that same nasty rub spice on everything else too: the fries AND the coleslaw. GROSS!!!! 
On top of that, I didn't like how I was forced to order more than I really wanted because of your lack of variety. The guy told me I had to either get a half chicken, whole chicken, wings, fingers or a breast.  That doesn't leave me a lot of choice!  All I wanted was maybe a leg.  Not an option here.  I'm not a huge fan of chicken, so I wasn't happy about this.
Meh!!! Maybe I should have gone with the fingers.Hair all in the wings! So disgusting! I am disappointed because I loved the wings and fries before from here but I will never be back and will go ASAP to complain. Eat at your own risk.Not a bad little BBQ place. I've ordered a few times and everything was pretty good. Not fantastic but not horrible either. Teh bread is pretty standard. The meats are good and the portabella is as well. i don't prefer the coleslaw, not enough dressing for my liking. My only real complaint is that they always forget my cornbread!Met the owner personally.  Really nice guy.  Talked up his place after I developed a really good relationship after doing some business together.  He invited me down to get a meal on him.  So I took him up on the offer and I was wowed by this food.  Best BBQ I have ever tasted!  No joke.  My mouth is watering just thinking about.  
I got the pulled pork/brisket and Cajun fries.  And sampled a few other items.  Very impressed with the food.  A little messy but that's expected.  I highly recommend this place however its not quite the sit down and dining place.  They do have a sit down area but its very small.  Most people do take-out.This place gets two stars because the catering service is terrible.  Horrible!  The worst.  Don't get catering from Tommy Gunns!!  They showed up over an hour late (no phone call- I had to call them to find out), we had to carry all the heavy catering stuff up/down the stairs because they couldn't unhook the handtruck from the car, they left us salad dressing-less, called the wrong phone number whand they wouldn't let us leave a tip on credit card.  
When I called to follow-up about the numerous issues, I was promised a call back and still haven't received one and it seems they are dodging my calls as the phone rings forever and doesn't go to voicemail. This is quite possibly the worst customer service of all time for such a large, expensive order.
The only reason Tommy Gunns gets any stars is because their food is bomb.  I don't really like meat and I was eating ribs.  They're potato salad and cole slaw were also really delicious.  BUT the customer service was so bad that it completely ruined my view of the place.The barbeque here is good, I love the brisket.Out of fries?
Out of baby back ribs?
Credit card machine doesn't work?
Seems to me this place is all about catering now and no longer interesting in in store service.This place by the bus station is one helluva BBQ place, I went there last Saturday the day Phillies clinched with my Phillies hat and Utley shirt ate with my family and boy we were lucky it was not jampacked. Parking would have been the issue if it was, Friendly staff who by the way was also a Phillies fan prolly wishing he would rather watch Moyer pitch than cook BBQ but you know his job ai'nt bad at all. TOP NOTCH BBQ Get the Philly Style Slab of Ribs lathered in sweet spicy sauce and really big boned, I also tried a half slab of Memphis style It was okay and good but not as MMMMMM good as the Philly  style. I also had the fries and the deep fried Mac and Cheese which my son absolutely loved, it could pass as gourmet Mac and cheese. The sodas on the dispensers  were local old school style Sugar Kola and Birch beer They accept Visa cards (calling out Ron's Ribs) and the ventilation was good I never smelled like hickory when I got out (calling out again Ron's Ribs).  Try Tommy Gunns and make sure you will not feel guilty afterwards because you would really throw that diet outta the window.I must admit I have been eating bbq at Tommy Gunns since they opened. I generally eat the wings or brisket and in the past I've been very happy with the brisket except for yesterday.
My sense of the brisket yesterday was dry, barely smoked and quite frankly bad. Must say a bit disappointed. I generally loved the brisket at TG but I may need to only eat wingsI recently used Tommy Gunns to cater an event that I planned. 
They were very professional and helpful in the menu planning and getting me under my budget. 
The food is phenominal! We had burgers, dogs, pulled pork, portabello mushroom sandwiches (reallly good), beans, corn and to die for brownies. The staff who actually catered the event were awesome and I would definitely recommend them for catering in the future!
My only complaint is that they don't bottle their sauce..we asked about it and they have tried but keep hitting some road blocksThe only reason to eat at Tommy Gunns is if you are sitting at the Septa station a few feet away awaiting a bus, and even then you may want to just wait until you get where you are going. The definition of the two star rating never fit a place better: Meh. I have experienced better.My wife and I have been coming here for the great barbecue for several years now. We have never been disappointed. The pulled pork sandwich and baby back ribs are our go to meals. However, I've tried most of the menu and it is all really good. The spice covered fries and the deep fried mac and cheese are incredible. 
The restaurant itself is tiny with only three tables and not much parking. If you are planning a day in the park or on Kelly Drive you can grab it to go with no problem. 
If you're in the neighborhood or searching for great BBQ, this place is definitely worth a shot.I have attempted to go here 3 times. They randomly close when they are suppose to be open. First time i drove 25 min to get there to find they are closed on a saturday at 5pm. I was pretty ticked when I found out they were closed driving 50 minutes round trip. The 2nd time I attempted to go here I called ahead to make sure they were open and no surprise I was told they had to close early. 4pm on a Sunday. The 3rd time they were finally open but I wish i never went. The guy at the front was a d**k head and rude the whole time I was there. The food was ok but there are a lot of other BBQ places in Philadelphia that are cheaper and WAY better. The location is terrible and the parking lot only holds 3 cars. I regret making an effort to go here 3 times to try below average bbq. Save yourself and eat somewhere elseTommy Gunns is a joke.  Don't get me wrong, their food is good, some of the better BBQ in philly, however the quality of food could never make up for their extremely poor service.  I have eaten here several times a year since they opened, and have always been aggravated by the immaturity and general incompetence of the kids working there.  Thats fine though, I could deal with that.   For a while I didn't eat here because another spot opened that delivered...then they closed.  Ever since then, every time I have had a hankering for BBQ, tommy gunns has NO FOOD!!!  This has happened several times, but most recently yesterday.  They open at 11, we call at noon.
Me-"Hello, I would like to place an order for delivery"
Kid-"sorry, we dont have a driver today"
Me-"Thats fine, we have no problem coming to pick it up, could we please order..."
kid- (cutting me off like I should have already known)  "we don't have any food right now, maybe by sometime this afternoon, we don't know"
I have had several of these similar situations since trying to return my business to tommy gunns.  What a JOKE!  Dont open your doors if you just want to be a catering service.  The owner of this spot works for some large banking firm out of Concheocken....he may know how to make a bbq sandwich but should probably stick to his backyard grilling with family on his days off, or learn how to hire competent employees to run his business if he is not around for the day to day.Gotta get the fried mac and cheese, and portabella sandwich... so good..
Delivery service is decent and the food is always consistently good.My wife and picked up some Beef Brisket and Potato salad.  She did not care for the potato salad.  Prior visits would be a great lemony potato salad light tasting and this visit found no lemon flavor and strong flavor of black pepper.  The Beef brisket on the other hand was just awesome.  We picked up a quart and rolls and it was so much fun.  It was truly great barbeque.  Also, the sauce is really excellent.delicious. amazing. i love this spot. one of a kind. thats a fact. 
go here, you wont be disappointed. its god sent.