From the pulled pork to the hot peppers to the provolone cheese to the rolls, everything is top notch. The slow cooked pork is seasoned and marinated perfectly. This sandwich is worth the wait if there is a line.  Easily the best sandwich in Reading Terminal Market.The best Italian style pulled pork!  Is you are in the Reading Market, you have to have one!Quick tip: While in line, scout for diners finishing up their meals and ask for their seats. We did that, and were fed within ten minutes.I'm in bandwagon-jumping rather than contrarian mode here. You'll want the roast pork, provolone and greens, an incredibly juicy and flavorful concoction. They have earned huge crowds but do a good job of moving the line quickly.Simply the best sandwich that Philadelphia has to offer. The roast pork sandwich is the cheesesteak's cooler, better looking brother and Tommy DiNic's does it better than anyone. I never return home without hitting their counter in the Terminal.It's about a 15 min wait on a busy sat afternoon for take out.  It's worth the wait. Would suggest to go alone or with one other person and wait for a seat.  Just walk around and see who's finishing up. Eat the  pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli.  Throw in some peppers if you like.This should be on your "100 things to do before you die" list. For less than $10 you will have on of the best sandwiches of your life. I recommend the roast pork with sharp provolone and greens. 
It will be sloppy, juicy, garlicky, served without a smile in a brown paper bag, cardiologist-unapproved, and one of the best sandwiches you will ever eat. 
For out-of-towners: the Reading Terminal Market is a great place to visit for lunch. Scout out a spot to eat before getting in line otherwise you'll have a soggy bag full of pork mess by the time you get a seat. Worth the wait!I can't stop telling my friends about how Dinic's makes the best sandwich I've ever tasted in my life.
Roast pork + sharp provo + broccoli rabe
Not a combination you'd expect but wow, do they go well together. So good that I would go back to Philly JUST for this sandwich. The cheesesteaks have nothing on this!Came here on a Sunday morning. We ordered pork /sharp provolone & hot pepper. Very good quality sandwich. No frills. Meat, peppers, cheese, bread. I think they used a garlic Parmesan spread on the bread. The portion was good and the employees served your food and went about their business. When I'm back in Philly it'll be worth trying another meat option. The bread was good and held up without being too hard.Tommy DiNic's is no joke. I've been to this spot a few times and have very much become a creature of habit. They are known for their roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe, and there is a dam good reason. It is the ish, times time, times a hundred, times a thousand!
First, the bread they use is perfect. But you soon forget, because the contents are so mouth watering. I get like Cujo and salivate every time one of these bad boys gets popped into my belly.
Reading Terminal has a number of good spots, but this is really The Spot. This is where you need to make a bee line to if you want to take in the best of Reading Terminal. Anything else is selling yourself short of a great experience.Tried a simple pulled pork sammich from here.  Plain Jane - no cheese, no peppers, no sauce...those were extra $.  Man, they stack the meats on nicely!  
But really it should come with BBQ sauce, gravy or something to kick it up because it was a little on the bland and frankly, dry side.I've been waiting to try the famous roast pork with broccoli rabe and shape provolone. Like many, I had heard the hype and was excited to finally try it for myself. Maybe because of all that hype, I was expecting more. I think it's highly overrated. I've had the roast pork with broccoli rabe from Primo Hoagies, a chain, and I think it's better than this. I'll go back, but I'll be trying something else.Great service. Got the roast pork sandwich and the pork was so good. Definitely a quality place and will come again.Located inside Reading Terminal Market, DiNic's offers great service and amazing meat sandwiches! We ordered the ~$10 Roast Pork Sandwich and ~12 Brisket Sandwich with sharp provolone (MUST-ADD) and sweet roasted peppers as toppings. I had the brisket sandwich, and the juicy, tender meat contrasted with the truly sharp provolone created a delicious and unique flavor. I suggest adding ketchup if you want an even better range of delicious flavors in every bite!Highest quality pork sandwich you can get in Philadelphia. The line wraps around the restaurant but you can get through it in 10 minutes. Well worth the wait. As is typical of all Philly sandwiches it's the bread that makes the sandwich, Dinics is no different. Staff are efficient so that your sandwiches ready by the time you make it to the register. This is a quintessential Philadelphia experience that should be taken advantage of when ever the opportunity presents itself.Had to try it after my cousin spotted their sandwich on 'Man vs. Food' and then came visiting. We split a pork carved sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe.  Garlicky, juicy pork deliciousness.Roast Pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe 
Yes, there was a line that wrapped around however they have an efficient system and it moves fast.
Yes, they take CC 
Yes, finding seats can be a bit tough and the sandwich isn't necessarily cheap ($10+)
but yes it was worth it. 
The fresh meat with salty cheese and slightly bitter broccoli rabe all housed in bread with the right amount of chewiness worked wonderfully. Simple/top quality ingredients.3.5? thats maybe a fairer assessment. I wasn't blown away what was offered but its still  good sandwich. The bread is decent but its nothing special or super soft. I wish the meat was a little more moist, but it still does a good job. the peppers can creep up on spiciness after a while, but thats fine. It actually does really well as leftovers surprisingly.The pork sandwich with provolone cheese is delish!  I'm not a fan of the veggies since it was a bit bitter for my taste.  The line can get kind of long but it's worth the wait!Worth the wait in line!! Follow yelp's advice and try the Roasted (sliced) pork sandwich with provolone and greens! I preferred the spinach to the spicy broccoli but both are good. We also tried the pulled pork and it was underwhelming compared to the sliced. Stick with the OG and you will not be disappointed!Ohmyyggaawwwddd, this is hands down the best thing I had in Philly.
When we got to Reading Terminal, I was incredibly stuffed and couldn't imagine eating more. So, we walked around and looked at every single shop to try to work up an appetite. By the time we walked the entire market, Tommy DiNic's had no line and I had the case of FOMO (fear of missing out) so my friend and I shared a roast pork sandwich.
And I am sooooo glad we did - it was delicious! We had roast pork w/ broccoli rabe (no cheese) and it was so perfect in taste and flavor. It didn't taste overly salty or saucey. And in turn, didn't taste super heavy either. I nearly ate the whole half sandwich by myself!
I thought it would be hype because of all the reviews it has but their roast pork sandwich is something I'd eat time and again.This place is awesome! The pulled pork sandwich with green peppers (hot) and the sharp provolone was the philly equivalent of  the Big Easy's muffuletta or Ogunquit's Lobster Roll!!! Quick service, dialed in ordering and the Reading Terminal vibe makes this a GREAT place to eat!Finally got around to trying Tommy DiNic's.  Had the pulled pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  I liked having the option to have pulled pork for something different.
There were a lot of good things about the sandwich;  Clearly quality ingredients including a good, firm roll, not too wet, pork was really tender.  On the downside there just wasn't a lot of flavor (other than a good garlic hit from the rabe on the first bite).  I ended up putting some horseradish and hot peppers on the second half to keep it interesting.
Solid, you could certainly do worse, but not the best in the city.Really friendly service. Food? Completely underwhelming. I had built this up for sometime before finally having the opportunity to visit. And I just don't get the allure. Kinda dry, underseasoned, could use about twice as much cheese... 
Bummer.Maybe I just don't get it, but this was really not impressive to me.  The pork is flavorless as far as I can tell and the broccoli rabe overpowers everything.  It's basically a broccoli rabe sandwich.  Not a fan, I won't get this again.  Too bad, it looked so promising.Stopped in around 5 pm, not realizing Reading Market shuts down at 6 pm.  Staff seemed more interested in closing.  Had to get the pork since the beef was all out.  Ordered it with provolone and peppers, but only got the peppers, which looked like it was thrown on.  Enjoyed the sandwich and would suggest eating immediately, versus takeout, because it will get soggy.Grabbed a sandwich at the reading market while at a convention across the street.  The pork sandwich was amazing!  Much better than any philly cheese I had while in town.My hubs and I shared a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. It was just okay. Maybe it was hyped up, but the broccoli rabe was kind of bitter, the pork was tender and juicy but not OMG flavorful. I would rather go to Jim's and get a cheesesteak next time.Amazing roast pork and beef sandwiches that are warm, savory and delicious. The provolone cheese is perfect on top. Mmmm...DiNic's: first let's start by saying that TV does not do this sandwich justice.  All the food network shows always talk about this sandwich as one of the best around.  To test the theory I tried both the sliced pork and sliced beef loaded with provolone, peppers, and broccoli rabe.  
Findings: both sandwiches were beautifully constructed. First they take a crisp roll cut partially through, and they expertly slice sharp provolone cheese between the roll and the meat.  The thinly sliced meat comes next, one employee hand slices the meat old school with a knife and folk.  A very nice portion of wet meat is then applied to the creation.  Finally, they add the broccoli rabe and sweet peppers, cut the creation in half and serve it in a red basket lined with serving paper.  
My final thoughts:  One of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  I do however recommend you spend a little time shopping around for parking.  We spent $26.00 to park for less than 4 hours.  Also, when you order you sandwich ask for it "wet" which means double dipped in the juices prior to serving. Enjoygreat people, food and sandwiches.. quick service, very attentive.. will be back again soon. definitely worth a drive to Philly for their sandwiches.This being my first visit to Philly, I can't tell a good cheese-steak sandwich from a bad one. But, this was a damn good sandwich period!!!This place is bonkers. It is located inside the Reading Terminal Market and the lines for the place can be a bit hectic and long. I went here Saturday around 10AM and noticed no line. Great....i come back here around 2:30 PM and see the lines extending throughout the market. IT was that nuts. I come back by 5PM to see no line but they said they ran out of their roast pork. ..AHHHHHH
Sunday at 10:30 AM i come back to see no line and get 2 roast pork sandwiches with broccoli rab and sharp provolone. OMG for the price, it's great. You get a huge sandwich compared to the price and size you get if you order it from Shorty's in NYC. Unfortunately for me, i didn't eat the sandwich right away so the juices tended to evaporate. It was a bit dry for my taste, so i regret not asking for extra au jus. It was still flavorful just a bit dry. I'm sure if i ate it right away i would have been wow'd . Now i know to go again and go during the off hours of lunch time.A sandwich that is as perfect as it is simple. I went with the roast pork (it seemed to be the most popular) and added provolone and hot peppers. The meat was moist and tender, the peppers added just enough heat and the bread and cheese could not have been a better consistency. One of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.Really enjoyed the pulled pork with hot peppers. They were nice and spicy and made for good flavor with the pork. Also had the famous pork and broccoli rabe, was caught off guard by how bitter the rabe was. Preferred the pulled pork.Always busy no matter what but for good reason. Roast pork with rabe, peppers and cheese is the best sandwich I have ever had! Everything I go to the market I get it as a staple along with trying other things in the area.OMG. The wife and I went to Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday for lunch thinking we'd make a return trip to the Dutch Eating Place (not knowing it was closed on Sundays). Fortunately, there are plenty of alternatives, DiNic's being one of them.
We got the beef brisket sandwich with spinach. I don't think the spinach added any nutritional value, since the beef brisket itself is almost as much of a heart-attack-on-a-plate as a Philly cheesesteak is. 
But my God, this was one of the most delicious sandwiches I've had in a while. The beef was so juicy and flavorful. And it was HUGE--my wife and I split one and we were stuffed.
As one of the other reviewers stated, if you're a tourist, skip the cheesesteak and head to DiNic's instead. You won't regret it.I miss this sandwich. This sandwich makes me want to move to philly so I can eat here anytime I want. The line can be intimidating but it goes quick. If you can find a seat grab it. It's first come first serve at the seats. The sharp provolone is so flavorful and even though the sandwich is so juicy the bread does not get soggy. All though I wouldn't get it and wait to eat it. Eat it immediately. I also love the flavor of the broccoli rabe. This place has the formula for success. Every time I go to philly this is first on my list for must eats. Just a little side recommendation for cheesesteaks ishkabibbles was best I had. I didn't try every other place but there's was best I had. So when at dinics get the roast pork with the broccoli rabe. Then go to bielers bakery. Best donuts ever hadNuts to cheesesteaks - the sandwiches from Tommy DiNic's are what Philadelphia should be known for!
If I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life, I would happily indulge in the glory that is DiNic's Italian Pulled Pork sandwich, with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, horseradish, and extra gravy... nommmmm!!  The decadent, savory meat and its juices, mixed with the slight bitterness of the rabe and cheese, and the snapping bite of the horseradish, culminate into a flavor explosion that will haunt your dreams.
I'd write more, but if I don't get over there and get one now, my head might explode!Love the Roast Pork and Roast Beef of this place.
They prepared your order right before your eyes. Service is friendly and fast.
If you're in Philadelphia and staying near Reading Terminal Market don't miss this place.This is my top favorite place to get a roast pork sandwich in Philly! The sandwiches are amazing here. The flavor of the pork is delicious they use the Italian pulled pork. I'm not usually a fan of the pulled pork but theirs is so tender and there is absolute no fat in the meat. The sharp provolone and long hots are also amazing. Even the broccoli rabe is good. Anything you get here you can't go wrong. I would recommend definitely going here if you are looking for a great roast pork place. There is usually a long line at the busiest hours but it's totally worth the wait. 
Definitely try Dinics sometime you won't be disappointed!Outstanding sausage and roasted peppers. Great choice for reading terminal.Delicious juicy meat sandwiches it's so good.
Well worth the wait. 
The meat is filled with juicy and it rips easily.
There are no seats but just grab your sandwich and your good to go! 
The workers there are fast so the line doesn't take to long even tho it's long but it goes fast if you visit philly you gotta try it before you head out! 
You won't be disappointed !Had an Italian Roast Pork./B.Rabe.....avg at best. A sandwich like this I could make at home myself. . While it's an ok sandwich to say it's the best around ????? Wow I expected a lot more. Highly disappointed. Tasted like lunch meat sandwich.Load it up with everything, grab some napkins and enjoy one of the greatest sandwiches you will ever eat.  Roast pork is my fav but you cant go wroing with the beef, pulled pork or even the sausage.Once you have a Dinic's roast beef with sharp provolone & hot peppers, you'll realize that it is exactly what the Philly cheeseteak should have been. #truth
But you certainly have a tab be of succulent choices here at Dinic's: roast pork, roast beef, brisket, Italian sausage, and homemade meatballs.
This place is always bustling for good reasons: the sandwiches are always fresh and hot, the food is succulent and flavorful, they have prime real estate in the Terminal Market, and the staff are always happy and ready to serve you. This has always been a generational family business, and it remains as such to this very day.
Be aware that the lunch lines are typically huge, BUT they do move pretty fast.
If you have a choice to go anywhere in Philly for an authentic Philly sandwich, Dinic's should be at the top of your list!when you are voted best sandwich in America there's a reason. For those of us who have been going there for years, glad the food critics finally caught up. The biggest problem s deciding whether to get the roast pork, roast beef or brisket, all of which are amazing. I flip a coin for roast pork or roast beef with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe and savor every bite.I had such high expectations of this place. And I was sadly disappointed.
Husband got the pork with provolone and broccoli rabe. I got the roast beef with
provolone and sweet peppers.
It was lackluster and flavorless. No fireworks here.
The rolls were not the highest quality (again, IMHO) and seeing they are just on the outskirts of South Philly where they have some of the best bakeries, that seems ashame.
It was a disappointment. And we waited longer to get a seat then we did to stand in line. And we were there at lunchtime on a Saturday. So it was an easy hour from the time we got in line till the time we actually sat down to eat.
Disappointed.The best in Philly for sure.  Love the Roast Beef and the Roast Pork with Brocolli Rabe!Honestly I don't know what all the hype is about this place.  I saw it on TV and they have signs all over the Reading Terminal saying how it was rated the best sandwich.  
I ate here twice while in Philadelphia.  With all the hype, I was excited to eat this famous sandwich.  I sat down at the counter and ordered the Italian Style pulled pork sandwich (thinking that was the famous one).  I was wrong.  Every person who sat down (other than me) was met with a "would you like to try our famous roast pork sandwich".  I don't know why the waitress didn't mention the famous sandwich to me but it annoyed me.  The service didn't much imporve with her refilling other people's sodas and not mine and taking a long time to have my left over sandwich wrapped up.
The sandwich itself was huge (over a foot).  I had it with provoline cheese.  I didn't think it was anything special.  Actually I thought the provolone really over powered the meat and I left disappointed.
 Few days later I was determined to get the "famous sandwich" so I went back and this time got the right one, roast pork with provolone and brocollirab.  I'd like to say it was better than the first, but it wasn't.  The meat tastes good on its own but I found the bread too hard, cheese overpowering and greens just unpleasant.  The brocollirab was salty and I thought over powered the meat like the cheese.Our hotel is only like a block away from the RTM so we decided to come here for a late breakfast/early lunch.  We got there at 10 or so and sat at the counter.  Both my buddy and I ordered the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  The sandwich was good...not great like I expected, but still good.  The meat was hot and had a nice porky flavor, the rabe was a little bitter and it had a great garlicky punch to it. The sharp provolone was a nice added touch.  One thing about that though....On Man vs Food etc, they show them carving off chunks of cheese from a block of provolone.  They did not do that here.  I saw them pick up sliced cheese and put it on the sandwich.  The flavor was still great but it was different than what I expected.  The bread they use was pretty good too.  It got a little soggy but still held up well.  I'm glad I got to try this place.  If I ever go back I might try something else...I'm more in the cheesesteak/hoagie clan than roast pork clan.  The lady serving us was very friendly.  My buddy liked it a little more than I did.  You cant go wrong though if you stop here and grab something to eat.  Its pretty good but there are way better sandwiches in Philadelphia.Welcome to Philly!!! Tommy Dinic's is a must if in town. The whole place is just crazy and definitely a Philly experience. They even stepped it up by serving us a roast beef, beef and pulled pork Philly Cheese cut 3 ways so we could try them all. That's going over the top and it was affordable. Gotta eat it at the bar, forget he table. True Philly grit!The cheesesteak gets all the pub, but the roast pork sandwich is the true masterpiece of Philadelphia.  And nobody does Italian-style hot sandwiches (including roast pork), better than DiNic's.
Pulled pork, roast pork, roast beef, Italian sausage, brisket . . . they're all excellent.  Despite the fact that nearly any biz in the Terminal can be profitable simply due to Convention Center traffic, the family that owns DiNic's takes pride in its daily cooking, as well as getting good bread, provolone, peppers, and greens (spinach or rabe).
Bring an appetite, as noted by everyone else, this is not a "light lunch" type of sandwich.  The sausage is probably the easiest to finish in one sitting, whereas the pulled pork is a struggle.  Two meals from one sandwich is a reasonable expectation.
Take a seat at the lunch counter, or grab some take out and head over to the beer garden for a cold complement.  You'll end up as one of the legion of regulars.Had to try after seeing this on TV. Tried the roast pork and roast beef with provolone and greens. Tasted great, but are simple sandwiches. Price is fair.Found this place on yelp and the pulled pork sandwich was amazing!  Screw the cheese steak sandwich. When I visit Philly again I am going here.  
If you read this make sure to sit at the bar (ish), much faster then waiting in line.Known for their roasted pork with broccoli rabe and provolone cheese. It wasn't as amazing as it looked, the pork didn't have any flavour which was disappointing. 
Value 4.5/5
Atmosphere 4/5
Service 4/5 long lines but super efficient 
Quality 3/5
15.5/20Adam Richman knows what he's talking about.... 
The roast pork w/ broccoli rabe is AMAZING! I split the sandwich with a friend and it was more than enough. This place definitely lives up to the hype! If you have the choice between a roast pork sandwich and a philly cheesesteak, I'd opt for the roast pork. SO TASTY!This sandwich is so overrated I don't get it. Yes, the bread was soft and fluffy, the roast pork was juicy and tender, but that's really about it. The meat was bland, bland, bland. The provolone added flavor to the sandwich, but since when did savory fatty cheese fail to deliver flavor? Because the sandwich isn't constructed in a way that allowed you to fit the pork, provolone and rabe in one bite, some bites were very mediocre and others were just ok. I threw out the second half of my second sandwich - there's too much good food in Philadelphia to waste my calories on this one!
I would not stand in line to get this sandwich; I was lucky to get there at 9 am and was pretty much their first customer willing to have a roast pork sandwich for breakfast.I can't believe Adam Richman voted this joint as having the #1 sandwich in America..really?!?  I say, don't believe the hype!  I'm actually giving this place 2 stars, but hubby liked it a bit more..so, I'm rounding up.  Our server was great..about the only highlight of our visit to The Reading Market.I enjoyed the beef brisket sandwich.  It's a counter in a food market. It's not fancy.  You wait in line.  They slice the melt in your mouth beef and stuff it in (wonderful) bread roll and douse the beef with the magic sauce/au jus. It was great.Best sandwich in philly hands down! Located around a lot of food spots in the reading terminal...this has to be the top of the top....of course if you never been here you go with what's being talking about and what's been talked about...so...is the pork sandwich with broccoli rabe, with sharp provolone from DiNics worth it you ask??? You bet your money it is.... I went ham on it , so fresh, bun right, pork right, juicy as ever...it's a must try people...I was not a huge fan of the roast pork sandwich here. Although it is huge, the pork was very dry and didn't have much flavor. The bread was not crunchy and overall I didn't enjoy my sandwich. There's so many places in Philly to eat, this is not one of the places I'll be repeating.this was some tasty pork. I had the pork with roasted hot peppers - add on some pepperoncini and I was a happy bunny.   Simple, but delicious.
Be warned, though, these sandwiches are insanely huge (think of a big sandwich, then double the length).  If you can, split one with a friend.Every opportunity I get to travel to Philadelphia from DC, I carve out time for a visit to Dinics. Not satisfied with merely lunch, I always take home at least two sandwiches to enjoy over the next couple of days.  
A pleasant discovery about writing this review (my first review in over a year) is that there are several Dinic's locations. But irrespective of the quality of the other locations (which I trust will be of equally high caliber), the bustling ambience of the Reading Terminal Market makes this location hard to beat.  This location is  quintessential Philadelphia -- raucous yet orderly.  Bacchanalian yet reserved.  Blunt yet polite. Rushed (when taking one's order) but with the warmest hospitality especially once the food arrives. If Cheesesteaks and the Amish are the heart of the market, Dinics is its soul.
Dinic's regulars need no convincing -- just ask anyone waiting in line -- so this review is aimed at newcomers.  First, never let the line deter you. When ordering on your first visit, get the regular roasted pork sandwich.  I find it best with provolone cheese, hot peppers and brown mustard, but have it your way. Mushrooms, sweet peppers and anything else they offer are just as tasty.  That's because this is the most succulent pork you will ever taste.  Juicy, not greasy, and just the right amount of seasoning; along with rolls that are fresh baked make every bite a sublime experience.  
The pulled pork, an added feature about 4 years ago, is equally tender and flavorful, but with more of a southern quality.  Joey Nicolosi (who, by the way, has replaced the late Dick Clarke as the world's oldest 16 year old) recommends the pulled pork with their special sauce and provolone cheese.  He was right, of course.  
Joey's youthful looks belie his experience, but not his passion for carrying on the family business.  This is an efficient operation that consistently serves top quality lunch fare which is why the line is always shorter than it looks, and with a tasty reward at the end to boot.  It's no surprise that Dinic's has become probably the most underrated of all Philadelphia icons.Waited 15-20 mins in line on a Saturday to procure a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone, greens & roasted peppers. This was so worth the wait. Absolutely divine. I love this sandwich & can't wait to go wait in line for another one! 
If you go to Reading Terminal, you have to stop by DiNic's to try this sandwich! It will change your life.Oh yes, tasty roast beef and roast pork, sharp provelone and fresh greens. This is comfort food from start to finish and never has disappointed me. The servers take your order at lightning speed and you receive your food just as quick. If you like carved meat sandwiches, DiNics is a must. Just be prepared for *massive* lines.I think I can honestly say this was the best sandwich I have ever had. I did the roast pork with spinach and broccoli rabe. It was moist and the roll was soft and the greens were just bitter enough but still just warm and lucious. I wish I lived in Philly but my Weight Watchers leader is glad I don't.
The line was pretty freakin' long and the employees were pretty freakin' surly but who cares? They gave me this sandwich!Can a sandwich get any better? I don't think so and neither will you once you take a bite of any of DiNic's perfect sandwiches.
My favorite and go-to order is the roast beef with provolone and long hots.  I've had others, but this is the one I come back to.  
I wish I could eat these everyday but I'll deal with once a month.  
Most sandwiches are $8.25 + extra for toppings (broccoli rabe, sweet or hot peppers, greens).  Make sure you ask for the "not on the menu" horseradish for some extra kick to your sandwich!  It's no charge!
The long lines should not deter you - they move along nicely, and you'll just savor thinking about how great the sandwich is going to be once you get it.There was a lot of hype for me dropping in on this place. I am just a visitor from DC and went in the market and saw the huge line and thought it was worth a try. Lines do move very fast so don't let the lines discourage you!
When I saw the spot I looked it up and saw other reviews on the Roast pork so I got that with provolone and the broccoli Rabe. 
By the time I ordered at about 1:40 they were already sold out for the day as I was like 5th or so last person to order. I was shocked! The lady at the counter told me this had happened on Saturday too so I imagine it happens pretty frequently.
Anyways the sandwich was indeed really good. The roll was great, the provolone quality was great and the broccoli rabe was awesome too. And it overall wasn't that greasy for me, which I was happy with.
Only reason no 5 star for me is because the pork I tried it by myself and didn't really wow me. It was solid just not game changing.
Overall very solid experience and glad I went. When I come back to philly I will definitely try it again.Friends' recommendations for the roast pork were well noted but I went all renegade and got the pulled pork.  J/k.  I went by headlines on the news articles posted up near the countertop.  When I saw the juicy slab of roast beef on the meat slicing board, I was afraid I'd been led astray but the first bite melted away all second thoughts.  
When making the sandwiches, they dash them off with a dollop of some sort of oil that probably contains butter because even if you unwrap it within the next 5 mins, the bread is a bit soggy but still exclamation-point good.  Provolone is not the seductively melted type but solid, extra sharp, and the broccoli rabe adds a powerful garlic mush on top of this densely packed footlong.  The pulled pork isn't sauced up with BBQ like I'm used to.  So there it was: soggy bread, unmelted cheese, mushy veggies and unsauced pulled pork.  And what do these things spell?  A time-tested, bewilderingly addictive combo that will have your taste buds begging for more.
I finished 3/4 by myself without taking any breaks until I felt the stretch marks on my stomach walls start to boycott my mouth.  If I'd had a friend to share it with, portion size would have been perfect to thoroughly enjoy my brownie from the Flying Monkey afterwards.
Do not flee the scary, long-seeming line.  You shall be duly rewarded within 10-15 mins max and have yourself a delicious Fatty McFatterson moment that you fervently hope to revel in again.Yum! I have been here twice while visiting on business. I am not a huge fan of the pork but I love the brisket and rabe. On my second trip the brisket was sold out, so I now know not to go at the end of the day. Seating is hard to get during normal eating hours but the to go line goes quick and there are always tables in the middle of the market. A must stop for lunch while you are here.Not bad, but not the best in the market.  
I like lots if flavor which I didn't get here even though I paid the extra for the cheese and greens.  It was my first time and a guy in line with me highly recommended the brisket.  I got one with spicy and one with sweet peppers.  I also got one pork with sweet peppers which was the better than the brisket.
I'm here in Philadelphia one more day, I won't be going back.  I would much rather eat at carmen's (see my review for carmen's) 
One thing to note, the line moves much faster than carmen's.Roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.
This is a good sandwich, but not the mind blowing variety that many raved about. It's a good combination of ingredients and the the roast pork is certainly juicy, but drenches the bread instantly, making it soggy and difficult to consume. The long lines exist, but aren't unbearable unless you're in a hurry. Seating is limited, so to-go is a good option. Portions are sizable and prices are reasonable.The bf went on a pulled pork spree of late - he does love his pork (which confused me at first since he's Jewish; the whole kosher thing is complicated for non-Jews like me). Since I needed to go grocery shopping at Reading Terminal, I suggested he try out Tommy DiNic's given all the rave reviews fellow Yelpers have made. 
After going to Iovine's by myself, I found him at one of the tables in the center of Reading Terminal. The hoagie was completely gone, not a crumb or scrap of pulled pork, provolone, or broccoli rabe. Merely the paper it was wrapped in remained on the table, a sad testament to an excellent hoagie. The first words he said to me were, "That was the best pulled pork hoagie I've ever had - I have to tell my Dad about this." THAT, my friends, is the best compliment my man can give to any food, and since hoagies are his favorite means of consumption the standards are set pretty gosh darn high. Tommy DiNic's passed his test with flying colors - and some fireworks, a marching band, and a clown that makes balloon animals in the shapes of pigs that then get pulled apart into hoagies.We went on one of the big bus tours of the city. I know, it's a total touristy thing to do, but we only had two days in Philly and wanted to get the most out of our short time there. Anyway, our awesome tour guide recommended we go into DiNic's for the roast pork sandwich. And boy was he right!! It was so delicious! I would rather have the DiNic's Rost pork sandwich with sharp provolone than the go-to Philly Cheesesteak! It was that good!! We even ate them in the car because we had to rush to the airport. Best food we had in Philly though by far!Reading terminal closes at 6pm, so you better hurry and get there before their closing time. I was in Philly 2 full days and I had roast pork sandwich 2 days in a row. Came in on a Saturday evening 5:50pm, I'm glad we found their place before closing time. Roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone cheese, delish! Love their sandwich!I'm in Philly for the first time, and stopped by Tommy DiNic's after agonizing over what to eat at Reading Terminal (I vaguely remembered it being featured on some food show).  
The roast pork with spinach greens was amazing!  Every bit as tender, juicy, and flavorful as seen on TV!  My only regret is not getting it with provolone.  After reading other reviews, it seems like I did not get the full Tommy DiNic's experience.  I am now considering not trying a cheesesteak on my last day in Philly and squeezing in another roast pork sandwich instead.  *slobber*First heard of this place on Man vs Food and have since read about how epic the roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe is. So when we went that was what I ordered. Oh. My. God. It is beyond words. The sandwich lived up to its reputation. It was so yummy, I could eat that everyday. Service at Dinics was fast and very good despite the queues. So worth it for the yummy sandwich.Our first stop when we reached Philly this past weekend!
We were staying at Hilton Garden Inn right next door so we popped into the Market for lunch. I had been doing a little Yelping and saw that this counter was a location worthy of skipping the prerequisite cheesesteak for, so we had to check it out!
The line was really long, but we managed to grab some counter seats! SCORE!  Hubs and I split a roasted pork sandwich with (HOT) peppers and provolone.  It was served up to us super fast and DEFINITELY lived up to the long-line hype!  YUM! Definitely glad we shared too, cos that was a BIG sandwich!Delicious roast pork sandwich! As expected! Definatly lives up to all the hype! The only complaint is that they're always way too packed! But that's only cause of how good they are! Deelish u get 5 stars!