Hate to be harsh but dang! After having a limited selection at terminal F I finally decided to go with Tony Luke's. I was looking forward in trying there Philly Cheese Steak been in Philly and all. So I unraveled the sandwich and to no surprise the sandwich I got didn't look nothing like the picture on the overhead display of the sandwich. The part that got me even more was the meat. I don't know what it taste like to eat dog food, but I am sure I just paid $10 for it.Worst roast pork sandwich I've ever had. The broccoli rabe was lifeless and freezing. It was so cold my cheese didn't melt. The bread was soggy and wet. Horrible. If I wasn't in an airport, I'd bring this back.Bread tasted old and was dry. Beef had no flavor and there was hardly any provolone. This is a big disappointment and will definitely hurt the brand name over this airport excuse.I had a 3 hour lay over and growing up in Philly made me excited to see a restaurant with cheesesteaks.  Every addition  (onions) was an upcharge the sandwich was decent size...fair taste. Definitely not the hype the video board showed but it was the airport! A better option than subway but if you spend any time in my hometown there are far better sandwiches out there.Omg!!! I've never had a cheesesteak so good  I'm not a big eater so I ordered the junior philly; which is about 6 inches long, way more than enough if you want a good philly without feeling overly stuffed. I highly recommend this place.Not dissappointing. Order the hogie. Light meyo.  Add sweet peppers.   Bread is good!I wanted a cheesesteak as I connected through.   
This one was above par for "airport food".  Was worth stopping by and was happy with what I was able to get from the,.   Tasted great compared to other places you find in an airport.Layover in Philly means cheesesteak on my belly! This is delicious and the only thing preventing me from 5 stars is the fact that I don't know how to order! Sounds silly but the menu is as basic and clear, but I didn't know that if I wanted more than just meat, then I don't order the cheesesteak. I have to order the hoagie or the Italian, etc. cheese fries are awesome. Oh - and another thing preventing a 5 star (again, silly) but they ask me for my name. They have gotten it wrong every time and then to top it off, they don't call your name, they call your number. Very minor but then I'm thinking to myself "why'd you take my name?!"I try not to pass through Philly without a cheese steak...but I was disappointed by the Tony Luke's version in the airport...I liked the way they cooked the peppers, onions and mushrooms, but not enough beef, not enough steak flavor, overall the cheese steak was not piping hot for having just been cooked, and the bread was a bit stale...
I would probably pass on Tony Luke's next time I'm in town.I hope this isn't what Philly Cheesesteaks are supposed to be like. It had very dry steak and the cheese whiz had very little flavor. The roll wasn't to bad but again it was what was inside that clearly was a miss for me.
I have to assume that because I am at an airport that this is probably not the best place to go for a traditional cheesesteak here.Not sure about their steak and cheese as I was visiting early AM catching a flight.  Ordered a bacon and egg sandwich on a roll and coffee. Coffee was good which gets the one star. The sandwich came with cheese which I had asked to exclude but had to take it as I was rushing for a flight. The bacon was nearly raw like it just came out of the package. It ruined the entire sandwich and in the trash it went.When I flew into Philadelphia and found out that my plane was coming into terminal F I was excited because I had been wanting to try the airport version of my favorite cheesesteak place: Tony Luke's! 
I hurried down and found it in the main food court area next to Chipotle. There were already a few people in line, but it took no time for me to reach the register and place my order. (Traditional cheesesteak with whiz and onions.) I opted for the 9 inch and would have gotten bigger if they had it available. The wait for a cheesesteak was approximately 8 minutes which I was told at the register. No problem.
I sat down and opened my cheesesteak and the steam and delicious smell poured out of the cheese paper! I was a bit disappointed to find my roll had been charred on top, but I dove in. The sandwich was almost as delicious as I remember from downtown. The steak was well seasoned and wonderful! The whiz and onions were on point! I give the Luke's downtown a 5/5 and for now this one is a 4/5. The guy next to me did not have a charred roll so I'm sure it was an accident. I'll try again in a few days!Thoroughly average cheesesteak at PHL airport terminal F. The bread was mushy, the steak was chopped up WAY too fine. Cheese was good and the meat and veggies seemed to be of good quality but this place didn't really do it for me. The staff was very friendly and the fries were delicious.First cheese steak and I regret having it at the airport and not some famous place that claimed to have invented it. 
Still, wasn't bad. Price is not exaggerated, the bread was fresh and soft. Plenty of meat inside and I let them pick out Swiss cheese. Grilled onions and nothing more. I'll start with the basic and later on advance to more toppings inside. 
It's not 5 start because I wasn't overwhelmed. 
It's not 4 because throughout the sandwich I had a couple of bites that hit something hard. I figure it was bone or something but it wasn't meat, cheese, onions or bread. Didn't investigate too much.Do not waste your time with this place. They will ignore you. They will tell you that your order will take 5 minutes when they really mean 20 minutes. I ran out of time and couldn't even pick up what I had paid for.First time having a cheesesteak! Very authentic local spot! Prices are pretty standard of a normal restaurant. 10 stars!Ok, here's the deal. Airport food is airport food. However, once in a while you get lucky. I got the JR Cheese steak which I had to add onion and peppers too. Fair enough.
I ate at the actual spot in downtown Philly about a year ago and was not impressed, though it was pretty late at night so things could only be so fresh.
This Philly was better than that one even though half the size. Under $10.00 and everything was pretty fresh. Not the fastest spot to grab a bite, but cheap, pretty fresh and not too shabby. Maybe next time I'll retry the real spot.Granted I don't get to Philly much, but I definitely know a real cheese steak from an impostor. And this place knows what it's doing. Went with onion, provolone and mushrooms. The roll was soft, the meat was juicy, and the ingredients were all well proportioned. Next time in the Philly airport, I'll be grabbing this sandwich and a hot pretzel.Normally I would go to the original restaurant but I was unable to because I was catching a flight back to NC. It was a great cheese steak, I always get it the original way with cheese whiz. The staff their seemed to hate their job maybe because of working in the airport. Next time I'm in Philadelphia I will visit the original location.Verdict: It's not the original but it's not a bad alternative at the airport.
This place is located in the outskirts of the airport terminals, in what seems to have the local food offerings. You'll also find the Philadelphia Pretzel Factory right across the food court. The Tony Luke's here isn't cheap by any stretch but you'll pay the premium when in need of a Philly fix.
I loved going to the original Tony Luke's before they started popping up everywhere. They made a decent cheesesteak but you could get that in a lot of places in Philly. This place probably does a better job than most with their pork sandwiches.
Looking for that familiar flavor, I ordered the roast pork with broccoli rabe. There wasn't anything really on the lighter end but I did find and order the cooked spinach side dish. The sandwich was exactly what I expected and I enjoyed every bite. The spinach side was tiny and a bit salty but otherwise good.
Even though this terminal is at the far end, there's a shuttle that brings you right here from one of the more central locations. If you have the time and crave some more authentic local cuisine, this place might be worth the trip.Philly cheesesteak has no flavor but the mustard they put on it. And too much pepper. Not a good example for the home of the creation.I hope the real restaurant is better than their airport restaurant. The sandwich was nothing like a real cheese steak. The meat was in wide thin slabs like steak-ems out of the box - not at all cut up like the pics on the menu and the cheese whiz was applied as thinly on the bread as you butter toast. 
Probably, the manager has not properly trained the workers how make a real cheese steak. 
It's a travesty that this place is what travelers get as a taste of Philly.  It also damages Tony Luke's reputation but it makes a lot of money so that's what they must really care about. 
Don't eat here if you want a cheese steak.I ordered a Bacon egg and cheese on a roll since they ran out of Texas toast. The roll was decent and was nothing to brag about. The bacon and eggs were the best part of the sandwich since the bacon was not overcooked and it still has a crunchy texture. The eggs were fluffy and fresh, it certainly did not taste like other cardboard eggs. However, I would not recommend the hash brown as it was too greasy for me. Overall, if you're here to grab a quick bite, this place is decent, but that's it.The junior cheese steak was a bomb. Whiz not melted (saw the cook trying to dig it out of the warmer in a big cold glop) and the meat was I'd say below average. If you want a cheese steak and you're stuck in Terminal F, we'll there you go. My local Deli in South Florida makes a more authentic and delicious Philly Cheese Steak!An adequate airport sandwich with nothing outstanding going on. Probably the cheese and steak quality could bump up a few notches to match the price. Seasoned Maryland fries (Old Bay) were enjoyable and crispy.Nothing like getting off a plane hungry and having Tony's roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone waiting for you in the terminal!  Still beats DiNic's any day.Ran out of chicken cutlet. It was tough to tell if I had a chicken cheesesteak or beef cheesesteak due to the overwhelming amount of salt. Ordered a supreme, but initial impression was all sub roll - apparently cutlet wasn't the only item I short supply. Fries were tossed in a bag with no way of measuring to size, so I can't say if the small quantity was normal or not. Apparently all of the salt went on the meat, as the fries had none. 
Total cost for a Jr. sandwich, fries, and bottle of soda came to over $17. Nowhere near worth it.How can you say something bad about Tony Luke's? Great place, but sometimes its hard to find a place to sit.  Everytime i go in there its always crowded.   Cheese steak is good.  Ask for the long peppers if you want it hot! The big peppers near the condiments are great.  It is the best tasting cheesesteak in philly.  I would highly recommend.   Not alot lf tourist  come here and thats a good thing.For the second time in 2 trips very disappointed. Chicken cutlet was cold and dry and fries were cold. They forgot marinara making chicken sandwich inedible. And I waited 15 minutes for it.Not a good example of a philly cheese steak. Franchised out. Fatty meat and bad quality bread. Your better off walking 10 steps over to Chick-fil-A.MMMM! I was looking forward to Philly Cheesesteaks for weeks before my trip to the East Coast. I was dreaming of sandwiches dripping with Cheese. I'm happy to report that Tony Luke's did not disappoint. I got the Philly with the Cheese Whiz. If you never got a real Philly, this is the way to order it.  And the Baltimore Fries with Old Bay Seasoning was a nice accompaniment. My only complaint the wait for this deliciousness. Get them out a little faster, Tony.Well being a fan of Tony Luke's for awhile now but the one at the airport lacks. There is less meat then im used to and the bread has no cruch.Its to soft except for the stale corners. I do appreciate though that I can get a cheese steak at 6:00amMaybe it's the airport location. I understand that when in Philadelphia the best cheese steak is Tony Luke's. It was good but I was expecting a better experience. I took a bite and was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong. It was satisfying. I don't discourage anyone from eating here. But if you're expecting good flavorful food go elsewhere. If comfortable, cheesy goodness on bread is what you're after go to Tony Luke's.I so wanted to love my cheesesteak, but the meat was bland and dry and there wasn't nearly enough cheese on it. Sad. I'd try something else from them, but wouldn't get the cheesesteak again.Not bad.  Same quality as flagship store. Of course, higher priced. Which is to be expected at an airport   A lot of selections here. So, I don't necessarily know if I will go back. If not getting a Philly cheesesteak in the city, then this is a must stop.First time eating at Tony Luke's and I was not very impressed. The bread was the best part of the sandwich. The steak was bland, unseasoned and rubbery. I had better steakums. Won't be trying it again. No refills either.The quality ingredients make for a tasty eat. If cholesterol and wallet size are not your concerns. Plow down a pricy gut buster. This food is shore to make any food conches person turn aside to this Philly showboater.M eh okay
Surprised the cheesesteak sandwich didnt really have much extra.... no green peppers.... minimal onions...
Meat was good bit nothing exceptional or amazing.
Video monitor had a lot of advertising and PR stuff for Tony Luke..
Was okay... did read the reviews for the otger location n the pics look a bit different so may be just this location...Food was okay, not the best cheese steak I've had in Philly. Customer service was abhorrent. The woman who rang us up hardly spoke to us and was really unhelpful when we asked a couple of basic questions. She all but rolled her eyes at the fact that we were standing in front if her. I asked for vinegar and was told they didn't have any, but you can get vinegar on your fries. What? Maybe we've just had a long day of travel, but I was super put off and irritated by the blatant rudeness of these women. We were there 5/9/16 around 8:45pm.absolutely horrible. The cheese steak was just terribly disappointing. The "meat" was very poor quality and the grizzle was overwhelming. Cant believe I actually ate this stuff.  Who ever Tony Luke is should probably do a quality check at this place before someone gets sick.Thought it very good food.  Slow service, so prepare for that but food was very good .  Add onions and mushrooms to your Philly steak... Customer service is not their forte but food is !!Awful. Just plain awful. Horrendous, disinterested service. Pork tasted like it was frozen and defrosted in microwave... broccoli rabb with no taste. If I had not grown up eating the original roasted pork and tasted this crap It wouldn't be one of my favorite sandwiches. I'd avoid at all cost. Rather eat a gas station hot dog then this. Tony Luke, you need to come and eat there if your still interested in your namesake.I don't have anything good to say about this place. 
1. Food came off the grill luke warm
2. 0 customer service 
    A. Classic no kitchen communication or personality at the register 
3. Food was just horrible
4. Slow... very slow
     A.  I could have flown to Spain and back and still be waiting. 
5. Worst of all, it was way worse than I expected
6. I feel sick after eating here
1/5 starsSmallest, most pathetic cheesesteak I've ever had. Definitely not worth the money I spent on It. Between a junior cheesesteak and a drink I spent $10 and I was still starving when I finished.I arrived on Monday, I had 2 hours to wait for a client. I was told Philly cheese steak Tony Luke's I went to check Yelp like always and the reviews were not good, so decided to try anyway, Wow the reviews were right. First after waiting over 15 minutes in line, I was greeted without a smile and felt like I was imposing, I noticed everyone standing around waiting for their food, a gentlemen told me over 20 minutes, I waited 18, they only had 3 workers total, and no one seemed to care. My steak was really dry over cooked and bread tasty stale. At the airport you get to make a good first impression and a last good impression, unfortunately for Tony Luke's a bad impression to and from.. SorryWow, first time having an Italian Roast Pork. So disclaimer I have no reference for what a good one of these taste like. But I know what I had was not good. Sopping cold/warm mess. I hate Italian beefs because of the jus and I had a similar hatred with this one. The cold part was the cheese. It cooled the sandwich to the point where it really was not enjoyable. I ate as fast as possible to minimize the mess. I don't know if I'll try the Italian beef again, but definitely not at this place.Meh. I've had better.  Nothing offense about it, just not that great. Average.  Staff was very polite.  Order came out in about 3 minutes when they quoted me 8-10.  Worst part was having to watch the Tony Luke tribute video looping above the counter.Delicious roast pork Italian style with sharp cheddar and broccoli rabe. No need for fries as the sandwich is plenty filling. Meat is super tender and moist!!Commuter Terminal at the Philly airport Tony Luke's horrible the cheese steak sandwich was of little taste and wasn't hot. There was so little cheese I couldn't find it . I really thought they forgot to put the cheese but they convinced me there was some  on the bottom. They did give me 2 more slices which added 1 more star to my 1 star rating. Oh and the broccoli robby was
 Not heated ....couldn't eat that . I ate the steak  because I was so hungry I really wish I hadn't.So people were really nice  when they took my order. I've never been to Tony Luke's after we go to Pats and Gino's. These are going to New Orleans with me so I guess we shall see what this is all about stay tuned....Honestly, just very "meh". I expected a lot more flavor in the meat but it was a very, very underwhelming sandwich. Probably because it's airport food. Should have gone to Chipotle next door instead... Now I regret spending the money and calories on this place.Roast pork deliciousness with long hots, spinach and Maryland fries seasoned with Old Bay. Sandwich was great, they were out of provolone. I have never been to a restaurant anywhere that has Hatch green chiles on the menu. Wow! Expect a 10-15 minute wait if they are busy. It was gone before I realized, I was staring at an empty sandwich wrapper so I was sad.Bread was hard. The service definitely needs an upgrade. No smile. No hello. It's nasty for the cashier to be playing with her hair while taking my order. After taking the order, she continued to fidget with her hair and stare into space. I guess an empty lobby is interesting? It's professional for the cook to jump over the front counter.Veggie sandwich was a risk that turned out to be simply delicious, and lifted the fog from this weary traveler stuck on a layover. Staff has a lot to be desired of, but the sandwich was so good that I'll overlook their apathy.A little disappointed.... I read the reviews and was all hyped up but my cheesesteak lacked flavor. Probably due to under seasoning of an employee. The meat flavor was good and was the bread. I felt that the steak ums I make at home had better taste but again, lack of seasoning was probably why. Other than that it was not bad I guess. The woman who took my order was barely interested but courteousA layover in Philly without a cheesesteak? Yeah, right.
Cheesesteak with Whiz and onions. Cheesy-beefy perfection in every bite. 
And for dessert? A cup of delectable fries, of course.
If you have a layover in terminal F, don't miss it.I could eat another! Steak, egg and cheese was savory, but THAT BREAD was out of this world. I could see it was bread from a brown bag that I discovered came from a local bakery this morning in the city. Some good eats!
Only one compliant -- I wish the establishment would advertise the fact I could have bought a cheesesteak even during breakfast hours. The guy following me in line asked for one, even though not listed on the breakfast menu. They were happy to fulfill his order. I'd have done the same had I known but I could see the grill cook had already placed my order on the grill, so I decided not to be difficult by changing my order. Anyway, would have been nice if all items available were on the menu. Still great. You should still go. Do not worry about the calories. : )Was flying through Philly and needed to grab a quick bite.  Cheesesteak was on the brain.   Stopped by Tony Luke's and grabbed a junior cheesesteak.  It was decent, not as good as Pats or Gino's but it's all about location and your offerings.  
Might repeat in a pinch.Worst cheese steak ever and I'm a Philly native passing thru the airport.Bread drenched in grease with steakum meat.Stay away.Just paid $9.59 for an egg sandwich and a hash brown patty.  Without a doubt the worst breakfast sandwich I a have ever eaten.  This place won't last long.SFO to PHI... I'm tired. I'm half awake walking to my little terminal to head back to Norfolk. It's 5:40am and I'm zombie. Then all of a sudden I spot a Tony Luke's. I'm reminded of my trip to AC and the cheesesteak binge Creagan B and I had en route to giving the casinos $2,000. Why, yes, I'll grab a cheesesteak to eat when back in Hampton Roads!
It wasn't until noon when I had this deliciousness and despite killing time with a flight, nap, and running errands, I was so happy to devour this cheesesteak. And damn was this a good choice! It was tasty. The cheese whiz held its own. I was one happy traveler.
Sure, there are many other cheesesteak options that Philadelphia has to offer but given the circumstances, this was my best (and only) choice.
Top tip: the morning menu only shows breakfast items. Don't be shy, ask for a cheesesteak. They'll make it for you. Eat one at the airport and grab an extra for the air. Sooooo worth it.TONY LUKE!! Why was I turned away at 9:39 on a Saturday night at your Philadelphia Airport shop?? The grill was being cleaned?? Arent you open til 11:30???If you're stuck at the airport and need a Cheesesteak, this may be your place to get one. But it seems the pork is where it's at. So if you're reading this, take a risk and get the pork over the cheesesteak.I was only in Philly for a connecting flight. I had to find a cheese steak, because that's what you do when in Philly. Tony Luke's hit the spot. Well played, airport. Well played.Ordered a philly cheese chicken. Boy, it was money well spent! =D The sandwich was bangin', the fries  were crispy, and it seemed to be made with tender-lovin' care!
One drawback was the long wait time (8 mins) for my sandwich to be made, but it was worth the wait.Grabbed a Phili steak sandwich when on a layover at the airport.  Sorry to say it was just average.  Roll was old, steak soggy, and onions and mushrooms overcooked to the point of unrecognizability.   The real looser was the fries.  Reminded me of the Burger King coated, bland no-color, potatoes.  I asked the counter girl if they were hand cut and fresh.....the sign says natural cut ?  What does that mean?  She finally admitted after I went back they were delivered daily fresh... but were  fresh frozen !  Gotcha !  2 stars is generous.I wasn't going to pass through Philly without getting a cheesesteak and this being my only option in Terminal F I had to take it. The Italian style chicken cheesesteak I had was delicious!  The bread was soft and chewy, the sharp provolone amazing and perfect contrast for the broccoli rabe that accompanied it. The sandwich really needed no other accompaniments because it was huge( if I was traveling with someone we could easily split the smaller size) but I had to try the Maryland style fries. Doused in old bay seasoning they left my fingers reddish orange and my mouth happy. Given the other chain option and overpriced bar in the terminal, Tony's left me very happy with my layover choice meal.I was so excited to see Tony Luke's as an addition to the Terminal F food court when they completed their remodel/addition earlier this year.  Having the opportunity to have the Tony Luke's experience without having to go up to South Philly - what could be better?
And the food is awesome. The sandwiches are legit.
The disadvantage, though, is that the service is amazingly slow - like I could cook it faster myself slow.  Make sure that you do not have a quick connection when you order here because it is going to take you a long time to get your sandwich.
Another star off because they do not offer roast pork or cheesesteaks at breakfast.  Are you kidding me - you can get eggs anywhere,  I guarantee they would kill it if they offered their regular menu all day long.
If you have the time (and it is after breakfast) you can say you got an authentic Philly sandwich.  If you are in a hurry, go somewhere else.One of the worst sandwiches I have ever had. I would expect this ordering a Philly Cheesesteak listed on a menu in Alaska but not from Tony Lukes. Huge dissapointment, they even have the food network playing with the Man vs. Food episode the cheesesteak challenge....obviously this is a trap. The workers look tired and dont seem to take pride in what they are making. They just throw the meat on, plop it on wax paper, and hand it to you like its a bag being placed on Old Man Jenkins front porch and lit on fire, and you know what that bag is filled with. Overall horrible experience someone should come down here and straighten the place up. Would highly recommend not stopping here before your flight.Weird you can't get a cheesesteak at philly airport in timely manner 
Normally if you're anywhere in the city they have they steak going at all times and the cook puts it on the roll and out it comes (pats Genos anywhere even Tony Luke's at ball park)
The franchise at airport has two or three people moving at a snails pace and make each steak to order in about 16 minutes
Really silly
While people wait in line the cashier stares at the cook who stares at herFirst time in Philly and I had to try the Cheesesteaks. I got the traditional sandwich with cheese wiz and onions and it did not disappoint. If traveling and you have some time for a bite, definitely try this place out.Thought it very good food.  Slow service, so prepare for that but food was very good .  Add onions and mushrooms to your Philly steak... Customer service is not their forte but food is !!WHAT A WASTE OF TIME. 9 min for the sandwich? Well, 15 min for just fries...
If you're going to be disrespectful to your customers, at least dont lie to them.
When the girl at the register has to yell my order back and they ignore her, she has to go back and get them. Crappy business.First time eating a cheesesteak. Yeah, I know. Don't judge me. Got the 9" traditional (cheese whiz and onion). Awesome good sandwich.This was highly recommended by a co-worker and so I tried it. I had the chicken steak. There was a good amount of meat in the sandwich, and I appreciated that they put vegetables in there. Went with the broccoli rabe and extra mushrooms.
Sandwich was a good size, wait was not bad, and the cashiers were friendly and pleasant. It's in the food court as well so seating was not too bad. Recommended if you're into sandwiches.I should have known that eating at a well known cheesesteak place in the philly airport was going to yield less than favorable results but my husband insisted. I hate to say it,  but if this is what Tony Luke's actual store in downtown philly has to offer, then I am betting off sticking with my go-to cheesesteak place in philly, JIMS. The best cheesesteak in Philadelphia is Jim's.Service was a little impersonal but quick.  Cheesesteak with whiz was on par with an average subway sandwichI've tried to fall in love with Tony Luke's as it's the most notable cheesesteak in the airport, but always feels like something is missing. Tip here is to never order mild provolone because then the steak is very bland! I would say you'll find a better cheesesteak most anywhere in Philly but if you're in a pinch and you are near the terminal to go for it. Very ok food but nothing worth going out of the way for.Waste of money. That's the most dry, no taste philly steak I've ever had in my life. To compound that, rude customer service. I asked before I ordered did they have fresh mushrooms or canned mushrooms. She said fresh...I ordered the mushrooms, onions and sweet peppers on the side. When I received the order, it was canned mushrooms and sweet peppers mixed together in the container. I didn't want it in the same container PLUS when I took it back to get something else, she had an attitude and was persistent that those are fresh mushrooms. I eat grilled mushrooms all the time, I know the difference. She let me get fries to replace the mushrooms and sweet peppers.As a native Philadelphian this cheesesteak was a disappointment. Stale bread, barely any meat, hardly melted cheese and dry meat. Tastes alright and it's quick if you're just looking to break free from the fast food chains - but by no means a good representation of a Philly cheesesteak.