I'm not from Philly but I like their cheese steaks and I've had them from just about everywhere. Tony Luke's is really good but not the best I've ever had. That said you can't beat it at the ball park with some crab fries from chickie and pets.Major ballpark deal! $10.50 for curly fries and philly steak Sammy. Perfect season and crunch on fries. 3 choices of cheese on Sammy. Plenty for 2 to share.Decent cheesesteak for the stadium. Sharp provolone with onions, cheese was good.
Was going to try campos, never had a campo before and kinda wish I tried one tonight.
Also got one with wiz and there was barely any in it , for $12.00 at least put some whiz in the steak. There was a decent amount of sharp provolone in my sandwich so I was happy. 
They were pre made so maybe the wiz soaked in to the bread.
For pre made it was ok , I am sure it would have been better fresh but it was ok for stadium grub.
I won't compare it to the other big name Philly steaks as I have had them fresh made , not pre made like tonight's. I will say that the meat seems to be a higher quality then pats & geno's. Last time I had a pats & geno's steak the meat was fatty and not good. 
For the record I prefer Jim's over the others.Long wait in line and not many ppl ahead of us. Guy next to us in line was a jerk and didn't make our first time experience any better. Overall cheesesteaks were good, generous on the chz but could have more seating added on instead of expanding pasta place. Odd location, kind of outa the way. Next time will go to closer local place when In the city instead of venturing down the highway and traffic.I had the pork sandwich. It was good. It had a little spice. The only reason for 3 stars and not 4 I that there isn't a lot of meat. Being in a ballpark that is expected. When I asked what was the best thing to eat in the park, that is what was said... It is a solid choice..I got the cheesesteak w/ onions w/ provolone cheese. The meat was good but the provolone cheese just did not taste right. Maybe if it was cheese wiz or american, it would be better.Their pork sandwich is good, especially with the broccoli rabe. Pretty pricey, but that's what you get in the stadium.So, we came out to the ballpark today and decided to do a cheesesteak taste test!  We could only afford the calories (and $12 price tag) for one each so we decided to split a Tony Luke's  and put it against Campo's, a few booths away.  For both we were purists: "Wiz Without" = plain cheesesteak, cheese whiz, no onions.  Here's the result:  Campo's - awesome fresh roll, cheesesteak made fresh, piping hot and dripping, and meat sliding out the sides.  Perfectly creamy with wizzy steak juices.  Hubby actually picked up spoons so we could catch the remnants.   Tangily delicious.  Downside - meat was a bit chewy and tougher.    Tony Lukes:  although you place the order individually, your order is picked out of a batch of pre-made sandwiches corresponding to your order. When I got back to our seats, the verdict was: roll was good, for me it bore a resemblance to a philly pretzel?! Cheese whiz was concentrated at the roll but not in the meat, unlike Campo.  The meat was more tender but a bit dried out and  felt like it had been sitting around.  Hubby called it a "Lazy Cheesesteak".  Not bad, but in comparison, Campo's got our vote!!!Why do people rave about this place I have no idea.....oh I know why.....they are not from Philly and have no idea what a good cheesesteaks actually tastes like.they come to a game and say hey let's get a Tony Lukes.  This place sucks. It reminds me of when I was a kid and my mom would make me Steak Umm on a roll. No wait no it doesn't. That was actually better! Small roll, little bit of shitty, chewy, fatty meat. Overpriced, slop. I bet if I took one of these to the beach with me and threw it to the seagulls they would not even eat it. Wait. If seagulls eat their own shit maybe they would eat this because I bet you a seagull shit sandwich probably tastes better.This review is for the Tony Luke's in the Wells Fargo Center, where the 76ers play. I've had their cheese steak from the store front outside of a stadium, and that was damn good.
However, at the stadium, in this location, all they offered was their roast pork sandwich. And, it wasn't as fresh as it could be. The ingredients were pre-made and staying heated in some kind of warmers.
It wasn't terrible, but wasn't great. I like the combination of roast pork, broccoli rabe, and provolone cheese. I just think it would have been much better if it was cooked and made fresh. But that's what you get in a stadium.One of the best ballpark foods I've had anywhere. I'm not a Phillies fan but must admit this place makes a legit cheese steak. The line moves fast and the food is hot and fresh. I'd love to complain about this place as a Nats fan but I really can't since they were even really friendly. 
I'll come back here and hopefully the Nats win again next time.The cheesesteak w/american w/onions was good, not $7.50 good but that's the price you pay for the stadium. But, they had no hot peppers as far as I could see. That doesn't cut it unless I made an oversight.Food: 3.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 2.5
Their cheesesteaks are good, but expensive. What do you expect at the ballpark?Had a thoroughly Philly night at Citizen's Bank Park last night watching Cliff Lee pitch a Complete Game as the Fightins housed the D'backs. What made it complete was the steak wit whiz from Tony Luke's with a cold, draught Yuengling.
Pros
-Excellent steak with a soft, chrewy roll, delicious beef and cheese whiz.
Cons
-The pepper was nasty. Not the typical pickled, spicy pepper you usually get but some kind of mealy, mushy thing that had been slowly decomposing for too long in a sealed plastic cup. Beyond which it wasn't spicy and didn't taste like a pepper so much as a piece of shoe leather. 
-I ordered 'wit' but wasn't impressed with the onion presence (or lack thereof) on my steak.
-Long lines, I started at the worst time, about 10 minutes before the first pitch, and it took about 20 minutes.
Overall
Looking at this my 'Cons' are more lengthy, but I have to weight this a bit and say overall it's very worth it.I went to Tony Luke's today after a friend said it was one of the best philly cheese steaks they've ever had. I did not have the same opinion. The overall experience was nothing but average. 
The philly cheese steak tasted like any other, I was not blown away. The cheesy fries were good, but the normal fries did not look very appetizing, without ketchup they were bland.  The chicken fingers were just alright and they were over priced. 
In addition to the overpriced, average tasting food, Luke's did not have a bathroom.Not as good as other Tony Luke's locations. This place has gone WAY downhill since the last time I was here.
You get into one line to place your order, and then take your receipt with your number and go get into a second line to wait for your food. The line move pretty quickly, so you don't have to miss much of the ballgame while you're waiting. The cheesesteaks are available with either American cheese, Sharp Provolone, or the traditional Wiz. These sandwiches are mass-produced, wrapped, and placed into piles, separated (I think) by type of cheese. You are NOT getting a cooked to order sandwich like you would at another location. 
The meat here is kind of bland, greasy, and the cheese tends to stay on the center of the roll. One thing I don't like... When you order it with onions, they don't come on the sandwich anymore like they used to at the ballpark location. Now, if you order with onions, they come in a little plastic cup on the side, and you get to put them on the sandwich yourself.  There are much better food options in Citizens Bank Park. I love Tony Luke's cheesesteaks, but sadly, I'll be going somewhere else from now on when I'm at a ballgame.I want to make this clear, this review is STRICTLY for the Tony Luke's CBP location.  I love the ballpark, and I love the fact that it represents local fare.  However how local is it?  I want to make sure that I am not misunderstood with this review.  First of all if you go to the ballgame and ate a cheesesteak at Tony Luke's, you did not actually have a Tony Luke's cheesesteak.  Why?  Because Aramark doesn't run the actual Tony Luke's in town.  I love that CBP has these local restaurants, however if you live in the burbs, drive your ass down to the city and go to the actual spots, not just the ones in the park.  So if you think you actually had an authentic sandwich guess what - you didn't!
My con's with the CBP location.  The slabs of steak is fatty, and chewy.  Quite frankly you can get a hell of a better cheesesteak at other places in the park through the no name shops and Harry the K's (they are all the same sandwich) - these are steaks that are finely minced, not the slabs of meat.  Secondly like anything at the ball park the prices are outrageous - way too much to say that this is worth $10 per sandwich.  
I know it totally sounds like I can not stand it, but I am just as guilty as anyone else.  It isn't everyday I get to come down from Reading (which by the way doesn't have ANY good cheesesteak spots - that I have yet to find) so I will grab a sandwich from Tony Lukes.  If you are wondering what it tastes like, pretty much exactly like Geno's but less greasy, and more stingy on the whiz.  My opinion is if the line is more that 3 turns deep - find another spot to eat like the Hatfield stands (the sausage, peppers and onions!) or Bull's BBQ, the quality is much better than this and the wait is nonexistent.
I would hope after reading this review you take a small tourist trip and experience various cheesesteak spots in Philadelphia.  I am planning on organizing a yelp trip with Steve S. and having a week/weekend with sampling various cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and providing actual reviews.  So more to come on that!This is my favorite cheese steak to get when i come to philly its close to citizens bank park its better than going to pats or genos plus theres a parking lot under the bridge so its alittle easier to park than those to placesReally good cheesesteak. Get the broccoli rabe for an extra dollar it is definitely worth it. It's pricey, but its a ballpark so nothing is cheap. My biggest mistake was I was full before hand, but I had to have the full Philly experience. After wards I thought I was going to explode.Overall Tony Luke's is known to be an above average cheesesteak, but not this time.  I had spent about 4 innings standing directly in front of their vender stand inhaling what I thought was heaven.  I hopped in line around the 4th inning and waited about 20 minutes till I got to the front.  When I placed my order they said they were out of cheese wiz, peppers and didn't have hot sauce.  HOW DO YOU NOT PUT PEPPERS ON A STEAK???  
I was heart broken.  Felt worse than the day my 5th grade crush gave my arch nemesis a hug.  Now, the smart thing to do here would be to jump lines to the sauceeeege stand next door and get a fully loaded pecker... But I panicked and said "ok, I'll do 1 steak with American, wit onions."  Complete rookie move right there.  My steak was dry without the hot sauce, I felt like I was suffocating on the half melted American cheese globs, and not having peppers complete ruined it.  
Next time I'll get a sausage for sure.I waited in line for 45 min, had the worst cheesesteak ever, shoe leather would have been better, do not waste your time or money,If you've been to Philadelphia and you have not had a cheesesteak, then you have not truly experienced Philadelphia. There are many cheeesteak shops, with different names on them, but one of the most popular and famous is Tony Luke's. I rate the cheesesteak a 3.5, I give the extra 1/2 for all that he has accomplished.
This one man's dream started seventeen years ago and is slowly growing into an empire. His original shop in still on Oregon Ave. and Tony Luke's Beef and Beer Sports Bar is right across the street. http://www.tonylukes.com/menu.htm 
Tony now has a restaurant at the Borgata Hotel & Casino, in Atlantic City and in Trenton, NJ. He is opening up restaurants in Las Vegas, New York City, Los Angeles, Fort Lauderdale, Chicago, Dubai UAE and many more. Nice huh? 
He has rubbed elbows with some of the best, like long time friend Bobby Flay and Guy Fieri. He recently was in a Bobby Flay sponsored food & music fest, with other great businesses like Katz's Deli, Pink's Hot Dogs and Burgermeister. The food is the best of the best from around the country, as curated by Ed Levine, founder of Seriouseats.com. author and New York Times and Gourmet Magazine food writer: Nine were chosen from across the country and Tony Luke's was one of them! 
Tony Luke's has won many awards for his old style Philly sandwiches, from the Food Network's 2007 award, to GQ, Gourmet Magazine, Zagats and so many more. He has been featured in Philadelphia Magazine so many times that they have honored him into the "Best of Philly HALL OF FAME." 
Okay, okay, I'm getting there! Now to Tony Luke's Ashburn Alley, inside Citizen's Bank Park. Plan to stand in long roped off lines. When I finally got close enough, I could read the menu and what I really wanted was a cheesesteak hoagie with provolone. Lots of cheesesteaks on this small menu, but I see no hoagies. So, I start asking my fellow stand in line patrons and they all say, oh no, you can not get the hoagie here. Bummer, lines were long, I needed to get back to my seat and so I did not ask, after glancing around and not seeing lettuce and tomato. 
My cheesesteak was good, wit onions added, of course. Tony uses rib eye steaks for his cheesesteaks. After viewing his awards and menu for his Sports bar, I really need to pay this a visit. They grind their burger meat daily, their pork sandwiches and chicken cutlets are winning numerous awards. 
Tony Luke's can now come to your home with Pronto. http://www.tonylukespronto.com/ 
Tony Luke's proudly supports the brave Americans 
who defend our freedom across the globe every day. 
Have you had your Tony Luke's sandwich today?  I owe Sam L a cheesesteak!Love this pace when in PHL airport location makes it easy to take away. So many choices and selection I still stick with classic philly but I would love to try down thing else from this massive menu.I live on the West Coast, but when I visit Philly for sporting events we always come to Tony Luke's. It's leaps and bounds better than Gino's and Pat's. The food here is much better quality, more tender and the flavor is awesome! My favorite is the roasted pork sandwich. Great bread. Exceptional pork. Good value. And, the staff is much more friendly than their competitors.I wouldn't feed this food to my dog. From customer service, cleanliness and quality of food which is not the same distributor as TL, this being a piss poor run franchise. What a disgrace.Tony Luke's cheesesteaks, quality ingredients but not a lot of flavor. For the same price you can get a much tastier cheesesteak next-door at Campo's.This is THE place to get a cheesesteak at Citizens Bank Park. They also have the pork and broccoli rabe sandwiches, too. Tony Luke's was recommended to me by a friend, so I tried one of their cheesesteaks. So good! It's more flavorful than another company nearby.The food, good but not as great as oregon ave, but it is one of the better places to hit in the ballpark. This review is based purely on the personnel working the game on Sunday 9/6/15. The wife and I were in line, along with maybe 25-30 people, couples and families included. No sooner we got in line the griddle cook and a woman started to argue. It got louder and LOUDER, and the profanities started flying from a-z. This went on the entire time we were in line till after we left, there was NO type of management to interject. All the other staff looked scared or like the other short order cook with headphones on....found it funny. I certainly did not find it funny, as I looked around and saw children who had to listen to this TRASH.
TONY, JUST BECAUSE THE BALLPARK ATTENDANCE IS SLIPPING, PLEASE DONT LET YOUR REPUTATION AT THE BALLPARK SLIP ALSO. 
You should always have some type of management there to keep control of animals like these.OMG, I will never go to this concession at CBP again. Even though the pork sandwiches are good and a nice change from the usual stadium choices, that is the only reason I am giving it one star. It is totally mismanaged. Today I waited 40 minutes for my order which was 1 sandwich and a bottle of water. The problem was there were only 2 people pulling the orders. The guy was quick and was trying, the lady was slow. They needed at least 4 people. Or a more efficient system - maybe one person pulls the sandwiches another gets the drinks, I don't know. The customers just had to stand in the boiling heat and wait. It was at least 30 minutes after I paid to get the food, and there were over 30 people in line ahead of me just standing there waiting. You couldn't even place your order quickly because the spillover line from waiting for food was so long, you couldn't get to 2 of the the cashiers. 1 of them periodically walked over and tried to fill a few orders but other than that didn't have very much to do. Usually at a place like that you would expect the holdup to be the production of the food but that was not it at all. There were dozens of sandwiches just sitting there waiting to be handed out. The whole thing was agonizing. I literally was considering giving up my $17 and just walking away.3.5 stars. Ordered the Cheesesteak with whiz. I think the sandwich was sitting around for a bit because it was not hot. The cheese was hard and the bread wasn't soft or warm. The meat was very good and seasoned well. What a terrific treat at the ballpark.I had a cheesesteak at the park - it was a little soggy because it was made way ahead of time, however the sharp provolone cheese was fabulous as well as the onions. Meat wasn't as good as other cheesesteak locations (Cosmis), but when in Philly!This review is for the location in the F-Terminal at the Philadelphia International Airport (unlisted).
Being from the Philly area, it's always a joy to get a "real" Cheese Steak, now that I live in Florida.
If you are just passing through and won't be able to make it into Philly proper - get a steak from Tonys NOW.
Enjoy.A plus to getting to the game extra early is the short line at Tony Luke's!!! This place gets crowded and people wait in line because its worth it. Cheesesteaks here are made just how you like it and are oh so good. Even a simple cheesesteak with only Whiz could make your mouth water.When I come to Philly, I always try to make it a point to grab a Philly Cheesesteak.  I was at a Phillies game and was easily able to spot this Tony Luke's from my seat.  It's behind the center field wall and I'm pretty sure it's the only one in Citizens Bank Park.  I guess depending on where your seat is, it can be a pretty far walk.  
I'm actually a big Tony Luke's fan.  My buddy, who is a Philadelphian, was pretty surprised when I told him I was not getting a roast pork sandwich but rather a cheesesteak.  When we walked up, the line was pretty long but the wait is to get to the cashier and then you walk to a counter to pick up your food.  It seemed a little strange but it was actually rather efficient.  
A cheesesteak was $11 which is a little steep but you're paying ballpark prices on that one.  For the size, it's really not that bad a deal.  I ordered mine with "whiz" and onions.  In my opinion, cheesesteaks should be served with whiz.  I added some banana peppers from a fixins' bar to give it a little extra kick.  The cheesesteak was awesome and I really enjoyed the bread.  It was incredibly fresh.  The meat and whiz just work incredibly well together.  I really like Tony Luke's cheesesteaks and I'll definitely get one again when I'm back at Citizens Bank Park.  I may even give the roast pork sandwich a try on my next visit.  As far as ballpark food goes, you definitely can not beat this place.  I always like when ballparks work in some of the regional favorites in to their concessions.If you're in Philadelphia and want a good, authentic cheesesteak, remember this: Geno's and Pat's are tourist-trap crapholes, Tony Luke's is the place to go.  I was pleased to see that they have a stand in Citizens Bank Park, and wasn't too upset about waiting in line 20 minutes to get the best cheesesteaks in Philly. The curly fries are pretty awesome too. 
The only thing that holds me back from giving 5 stars to this location is that 2 steaks, 2 fries and 2 cokes set me back over $40. Oh well... I'm a cheapskate and everything seems expensive to me, plus it's in a ballpark, where nothing is ever had at a bargain price, so I guess I'm just being nitpicky.
Overall great food, and to be honest, well worth the price.This was one of the best philly cheesesteak I had until I went to Sonny's and Steve's.  I was so excited that two top ten Philly Cheesesteak places were at the same place. I had to try a place that was voted best Cheesesteak and defeated Bobby Flay in a Throw Down. The quality of the meat was what got me in the beginning. It was nice and juicy and sliced very thin. Of course I ordered it with Cheese whiz and onion like you are supposed to and there was lots of it (I had just eaten at slacks where it was just spread on, not slathered on). One bite of the sandwich made me happy to be in Philly. I was very impressed with the meat. This is what I imagined a good Philly Cheesesteak to be. To me, Tony Lukes should be the standard for measure in terms of what is good and what is bad. The only complaint I had was the roll was a little on the chewy side. I always feel that a philly roll is one of the most balanced rolls made in the U.S. (Philly roll and the New England style roll are my favorites and you can't get good ones anywhere in Hawaii).  Service was good and quick. I didn't miss much of the game and I was able to get another cheesesteak from Campo's at the same time. I recommend this place.A most regrettable cheesesteak experience...still queasy 2 days later at the thought of it :( Let's hope it's just the ballpark location though I won't be looking to take the chance again.My girl and I ate here and the the subs are awesome.  A must try in PA.was at the game 8/19 and had to try the famous Tony Luke cheesesteak. I'm pretty sure it's made with Alpo. I ate 2 bites and threw the $11 crap on a bun in the trash. save a little money, avoid the line and eat a hot dog at the ballpark. the stand alone shop may serve good cheesesteaks but the ballpark location is obviously just taking advantage of the large crowds with few other choices. I'll pay more at the park without a problem but expect a little quality. pure crap here.Ah, the Philly cheese steak.  Chopped, fried steak on a light/fluffy roll with cheese.  Melted, gooey, American cheese.
Yum.
(Add in some crab fries and a Coke...heaven)***I imagine that the cheesesteaks at this Tony Luke's (located within Citizens Bank Park where the Phillies play) is not as good as one of their standalone locations, but it makes for pretty good ballpark food; the sandwich is big, but it is a little pricey given that there is so much bread compared to meat***
Citizens Bank Park (home of the Philadelphia Phillies) features a lot of local food vendors like Chickie's & Pete's, Federal Donuts and the cheesesteak spot Tony Luke's.  I knew going in that the cheesesteak at this ballpark location would probably not measure up with cheesesteaks at standalone Philadelphia shops, but I figured I would give it a try considering that a cheesesteak sounded more interesting than a hot dog or an Italian sausage (though the Italian sausages at this ballpark did look good).
This Tony Luke's typically has a long line, but the ordering process is efficient.  You order at a register and get a number, which you will soon hear after the staff behind the counter (only cooking, assembling and handing out food) finishes your order.
I had the cheesesteak with Cheese Wiz and onions.  The Cheese Wiz was decent--tasted as you would expect and there was a good amount of it.  The steak part was just okay.  It was thinly sliced steak (not chopped) so it had a Steak-Ums like feel to it.  The onions were good though they were not that evenly applied.  Almost half of the sandwich had next to no onions while the other half had just the right amount.
The bread was okay.  It did not have the great balance of crispy crust and soft interior of the cheesesteak roll I had at Jim's in Philadelphia.  There was a lot of bread and too much so.  I am not sure if that is the case at the Tony Luke's standalone locations, but it felt like eating a big and chewy French baguette with only a little bit of meat.
Still, it was a tasty sandwich and the warm sandwich was a good fit for a cold night game at Citizens Bank Park.
The sandwich was expensive.  It was $10.  A lot of hot dogs and such (even big ones) top out at around $8.  Still, this was a sandwich that could be big enough for two people even though they skimp on the meat.
As mentioned, service was efficient and quick despite the long line.  The staff was pleasant too.
Tony Luke's makes a pretty good ballpark sandwich.  This ballpark location definitely did not measure up to the cheesesteak I had at Jim's outside of the stadium, but it was satisfying ballpark food.
This Tony Luke's stand is located in the stadium so it is only available to game day attendees.  General parking is close to the stadium and it is $15 per vehicle.Worst cheesesteak in philly. Bread was horrible, cheese wasn't melted, and the steak was not even chopped! 
Really reminded me of a microwaved cafeteria cheesesteak that is one solid peace of steak and really chewy. 
Highly do not recommend, if I could give it 0 stars I would.Make sure you get on the line as soon as you enter the stadium.  Line get longer as the games progresses. Cheese steaks are made to order and are excellent. They were very accommodating and got my order correct (as I had it without the roll). I'm looking forward to visiting again.Been a Tony Luke's customer for years. From Philly to the Jersey shore and Allentown PA.. went to a Phillies game on 6/27/19, great come back win by the way.
I was handed my cheesesteak by the employee and immediately knew something was wrong. It felt like just a roll wrapped in paper. He pulled it off a stack of Pre-made sandwiches. I met our group and we started eating. Well when I opened this up it was the laughing stock of all the food items. Barley any meat or cheese. I guess at that point I should have returned it especially since it's $13.00 for basically a roll. I watched the Allentown store fade away under what ended up being poor management and food quality, my food was always good at that store.
I hope they fix this issue at Citizens Bank Park I'm hoping for the business my sandwich was a fluke.Definitely lives up to the hype! One of my favorite philly cheese steak spots & must go if you're in the city. Get there early cause it'll get real busy real fast. They sling orders out fast too though so you'll get some deliciousness in you soon enough. Come check it out for some real Philly goodness! Great job!My cheese steak brings all the boys to the yard, and they're like, it's better than yours.
Damn right, it's better than yours. I could teach you, but I'd have to charge.
That's what I was singing through bites of my awesome cheese steak (with provolone and onions) while at the ballpark last week.  My expectations of a ballpark sandwich were not high, but I was delighted by the freshness of the roll, the tenderness of the meat and the sharpness of the provolone.  Add in the curly fries and you have a winner.
Generous portions at a fair price give this a fourth star.Just go. Pork n brocolli rab to die for. Easy parking. The original. Now the argument starts. 
Loyalists to Their brand of cheesesteak is their business. I LOVED mine.Hands down the best cheese steak I tried!!!!
We been to a lot of places in Philly for cheese steak but this one is the best! Meet is cocked just right and the amount of cheese is perfect !
Will definitely come backTerrible. $40 for 2 cheese steaks, cheese fries, bottle of water. Bread was hard, steak was cold, cheese for fries ice cold, 1 little station for ketchup/mustard which you can't even fit your tray down at so you are supposed to somehow use 1 hand to unwrap your sandwich and get condiments. You expect ridiculously overpriced food at a ballpark but this was the most pathetic effort I've ever experienced.The Great Debate Pt. 2: Pat's or Geno's. Any Philly local will tell you that nobody but tourists go to Pat's or Geno's. So, I went to Jim's and Tony Luke's. Unfortunately, I didn't have the time to get to the actual Tony Luke's. I was at Citizen's Bank Ballpark and luckily for me I saw that there was a Tony Luke's location. I had to go and I even convinced my group to join me. The food was ready to go SIGNIFICANTLY quicker than it was at Jim's. This was surprising since the line was long although fast moving.
Food: I ordered the steak wiz wit and with the onions. This sandwich did not disappoint. The meat was perfectly cooked, the wiz lathered all over, and the onions were nice and flavorful. My only complaint about the sandwich was that the onions came in a container on the side. I wish they had been put in the sandwich for an even distribution. This sandwich was the best cheesesteak I've ever had. EVER. Don't sleep on the fries, either.
TLDR: I was nervous to try this at the ballpark. I thought that quality would suffer with it being served en masse. Luckily, this was SPECTACULAR. If the ballpark version earned 5 stars, I can only imagine how good the actual Tony Luke's will be. I look forward to visiting the original location when I'm back in Philly next year.Waaaaaaaaaa... .... It's not twenty years ago. Waaaaaaaaaa...it's not the south Philly location. Waaaaaaaaaa...I'm such an ingnoranus that I actually think that expansion is bad. Waaaaaaaaaa.... I'm dumb enough to let myself think that Tony Luke lets his name go out on a product that's inferior to the one that made him famous. Waaaaaaaaaa, Waaaaaaaaaa, Waaaaaaaaaa, sniffle, Waaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
Oh my word. Reading these TL reviews makes me want to quit Yelp. You people are nothing like Big Texas. Get a grip and kill your underachieving mentality. If youd rather have hot dogs at CBP (a perfectly legit choice), go right ahead. I'm gonna have a roast pork and sharp provolone at Tony Luke's and enjoy my life while you wallow in your miserable hatin' ass existence (while we're at it, smack your hatin' ass parents, i hate them cuz they made you). 
This is America. Growth is good. If you live in south Philly then by all means stick with your spot, but none of you whiny non-local chumps were going to south Philly on any sort of regular basis, anyway. You went there once and decided it was the best (and you weren't wrong). In order to attain that experience you had to venture in to the real life city...OH EMMM GEEE!!!! You're sooooo Philly!!!!
You're not. You're a suburban schmuck too uninformed to really realize that the religious experience you had, that one time in band camp, was merely a (great) sandwich. You've assigned more meaning to it b/c you don't get out much.  The reality is that this sandwich (even though staffed by Aramark) is made of THE EXACT SAME STUFF AS THE OTHERS, IN THE EXACT SAME WAY. Eat it, enjoy it, and tell em Big Texas sent you!
Go Phils!!!Did a search while driving to Philly to watch a ball game and it was stated that the sandwich from Tony Luke's was highly regarded and better than other sandwiches from Pats and Genos. I ordered the cheese steak with provolone and grilled onions. The sandwich was bland and the bread was stale. I have had better cheese steak sandwich in Arizona. It was terrible. If in the ballpark in Philadelphia stay away! Horrible.This is the ballpark so you have to be flexible but I have had better cheesesteaks in California.  Not worth the line.
I do not understand the hype. Get a hot dog. 
B- food
C- service.Was told this place has the best cheesesteak and chicken cutlet sandwich in the city. I only had a BLT hoagie, as the price was right and I wasn't feeling a hot sandwich. 
The BLT was stacked with toppings. Lots of bacon, tomato, and lettuce, and on a fresh roll. Something still tasted off about it, like it wasn't quite the BLT i had hoped for. It lasted me two meals, so the size was great, but it didn't meld together like a regular sandwich. Will try other things here, but will avoid regular hoagies I think.I was ready to try my first Tony Luke's cheesesteak at the Phillies game and the experience to get it was just awful. I got in line probably too late so ended up waiting a while and the wait wasn't awful but hungrily watching the indifferent staff follow the process for serving customers was awful. They take your order and then you wait in line for one single person to prepare the already assembled sandwich on a tray and hand it to you. 
They had ONE person and there was no hustle on their part or from the young people slinging steaks inside. It was torture, especially with a game to get back to. The employee fulfilling orders switched three times in the time I was waiting in line. 
Steak was pretty good. It felt small (or maybe I'm older and hungrier...) Great cheese ratio. But the onions were on the side and cold. 
This was not worth it. Go to Campos or opt for one of the other amazing options in Citizens Bank Park. This experience confirmed for me that Tony Luke's is a pretty big sell out and the brand is everywhere but not high quality.Got to try our first cheesesteaks today. Everyone recommended this place, so we gave them a try. We got one with American cheese and one with Whiz. We also added onions. Overall, very beefy and tasty. The bread could have been a bit softer and/or the onions more generous. Either way, they were very good.My girlfriend is from Philly and knows her cheesesteaks. While this is not her favorite Cheesesteak in the city, she says this one gets the job done. This location is inside of Citizens Bank Park, home of the Phillies. This stand is located in Ashburn alley and one of many food stands available. May I also recommend going to Chickies and Petes for some crab fries. But I digress. I did not have to wait very long in line to receive my food. They constantly have the grill doing its thing but they were smart to have sandwiches all ready to go to keep the line moving. They have many combinations to choose from. I chose to go with the provolone cheese and include the grilled onions. My sandwich was delicious. It cost me $14 which ain't cheap but I can get a hot dog anywhere. The bread is the real winner here. I think the next time I visit Citizens Bank Park I will try the other cheesesteak stand to compare the two. I was happy with my purchase. The staff were friendly. Kudos Tony Luke's until next time. Play ball!Went last night for the first time and loved it!! The new GM Daniel came over to my group and we all had a great conversation!! The service was quick and our food was delicious.The absolute worst piece of garbage cheese steak I have ever had.  Nothing like 
Tony Luke's in S. Philly, unless it's changed since I was last there? The meat had no taste at all, tasted steamed, meat looked awful and odd.  Also I waited way too long for them to make it.  Disorganized help and a flat out failure.  Tony! - get on the ball with this location.  10.00 out the window as I threw it in the trash back at work.  I do want my money back!Went here based on a friend's suggestion and we were not disappointed.  The meat was well seasoned and the sharp provolone really worked nicely with the broccoli rabe.  Yum!
My only regret is sharing the sandwich with the wifey as I would have liked to eat the other half myself.
The manager was very nice and hospitable.  Kudos to you sir!
We will return on our next trip to Philly.I like this place, very good cheesesteaks and it's clean. I usually go there on weekends and there is a good service. I recommend it.I love this spot! It's really stepped up its game as of late. I actually manage a local business in Manayunk and get lunch for the office every Friday... Daniel, the manager, is always very accommodating and takes care of me every time. Thanks Daniel!!Ordered takeout for dinner last - 2 large sandwiches, a small cheese fry, and a soda came to $30! I paid an extra $2 for sharp provolone on my veggie hoagie and THEY FORGOT IT. Unfortunately I didn't find out til I got home, what a rip off!! 
Sandwiches were ok, nothing spectacular. The only reason they're getting 2 stars is bc they waited to bag my fries til I picked up so they were still crispy and hot when I got home.I went here for the first time, and had a great experience. I had a delicious classic cheese steak with provolone. Portion size was great, place was super clean, and staff was friendly. Looking forward to going back for lunch!Excellent customer service and a great stop in town in the manayunk area. Great good food and tasty cheese steaks! Daniel and the team was great service ! Would def reccomend itStumbled into this Tony's because it has a nice looking storefront and was located in a trendy little main street amongst the bars.
Ordered a roast pork and cheesesteak sand, both tasted good. But the service, condiments offered, and cleanliness of the store made the experience great.This is my favorite place to get a cheesesteak in Philly. I usually get it with provolone, onions and mushrooms. They also do roast pork, which is very good too. This place is a step above the usual cheesesteak places. They use a better quality meat, and the rolls are always fresh. It's not greasy, but the rib-eye steak they use is tender and tasty.Came here out of a recommendation ( from RI) and did not disappoint. We had a cheesesteak, chicken sandwich and the fresh cut fries! Awesome Food great service! Manager went out of his way for us!  Great attitude! Will be backI cannot tell if the sandwiches are good or not because after waiting 25 minutes they told me that they did not have any chicken cutlets left. Other people were waiting longer and some walked out. You can drive to their location in South Philly faster. Stay away unless you have plenty of time to wasteDry bread tastless steak where's the cheese? Best part was the restroom across the street.My taste buds were exploding with the juices of the roasted pork and the sharp provolone cheese. Best sandwich I have had in a loooong timeDon't know how can you mess up with cheese steak. Meat taste like steam not grilled. It was also not cooked. Bread and cheese was cold. Such a disappointment.I went here when it first opened, and was not very pleased... 
A couple months passed, and I decided to give it another try. 
Daniel (new manager) really turned this place around. It is now a REAL tony Luke's cheesesteak! Extremely consistent, very motivated and really cares about his customers. 
I've been back multiple time since!!Walked the trail and wanted to try a Toney Luke sandwich .No bathroom no place to wash my hands !Really :(Wont be eating here.Customers are not allowed to use restroom. What a joke. So we left. We ordered our food and then we canceled it. Will never go there.It's nice to have a cheesesteak place in Manayunk I went here today during the food festival outside and chose to go for a cheesesteak instead. Very nice set up inside and my mom and I received our food pretty quickly and it was tasty totally hit the spot!!  The general manager Daniel and the staff were very nice Daniel made his way around to the tables to talk to all the customers which was very nice,very welcoming place I will be returningExactly what you want for a classic cheesesteak shop.  You will be satisfied, initiated and slightly abused, in a good way.  Italian pork sandwich was good. Good provolone.The wings were slightly above average. The Philly cheesesteak was very dry, lack mayonnaise, and not very satisfying. I had high hopes for my first Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia but this place Ruined it.Tried this place out tonight for the first time.  Got "one whiz with" and it was great.  Sandwich was very big (they have two sizes).  I got a regular size fry (which was more than enough for one person).  I also met the new General Manager who was very helpful and friendly!  Try it out!  I'll be back.Generally overpriced for sandwiches that skimp on meat and quality. Tony Luke's has gone way down hill since going corporate. Also the obnoxious self-promotion and ego of the owner who plasters his face all over the shop is garish.Roast Pork Italian with Long Hots.  All day, every day.  Forget everything else on the menu.  You can find a better cheesesteak easily, but the Roast Pork is something special.Came here for some late night cheese fries, and it took almost 25 minutes after we had ordered to get our food. They were good but definitely not worth the wait.Man, people are rough. This spot has had some growing pains, sure, but the sandwiches are solid, the cheesesteak was gooey with cheese & delicious delicious grease, and the service fast. It does feel shockingly franchise-y but once they dull down the crazy marketing feel, the food will stand on its own indefinitely.Great service from Daniel and delicious food!! They great you as soon as you walk in the door! Both kids found items they wanted! Kids meals are complete and fresh! The bread was fresh and the service was unbeaten! What a find!! Oh- Weds is two cheesesteaks for 1!!So. Walk in. Order. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. I get it. I'm a chef. Food takes time to cook. Only, the place was EMPTY at 8 o'clock on a Friday. "Empty at that time on main street in manayunk?" you say? Yeah. EMPTY. Nonetheless. As we sit and wait for our food, I turn to see the "counter girl" sitting on a stool, at the pick up window, eating. Uhmmmmmm. Maybe I saw wrong? No, Def eating. That and the "bread baked on premises" was atrocious. Get back to Amoroso, Tony. Also, the person I ate with AND myself both have had....."belly issues"....all day after....no thanks. Stick to the malls and the city, Tony. Leave our main streets alone.They move like molasses. We had to eat condiments while waiting for our food on a Friday night. Food came out to go when we wanted it here. Should have gone elsewhere. They only get 2 stars because when it did come out after 15 minutes it tasted good.We went to Tony Luke's after a night out in Manayunk to feed our drunken need for cheesesteaks and cheese fries. They were selling food faster than they could make it which was a bit surprising because we got there around 12:15am, fairly early as far as a night out goes. We waited in line for 15 minutes to order with only a couple people ahead of us. Apparently their menu options change at 12:30am because by the time it was time for us to order, a regular size cheesesteak ($5.99) was no longer an option. We only had the option of ordering the larger, more expensive cheesesteak ($8.99). The money isn't so much of the issue to me as that I just didn't want a huge cheesesteak since we were also getting cheese fries. I wish we knew the menu was going to change. We were waiting in line before the menu changed, but in their defense, I didn't challenge it. Tony Luke's is a small place with minimal seating. Luckily there was a table available for me to wait with my friends but not everyone had a seat. It wasn't the cleanest place, but they were trying to wipe the condiments section down when it got gross. When we got our order, the cup of cheese whiz for the cheese fries had completely spilled out in the bag as well as some of the fries. It was careless presentation. I asked for a new cup of cheese and they gave it to me without question when I explained what happened. I wasn't a huge fan of the cheesesteak, although my boyfriend said it was decent. Not the worst we've had. They cut the bread all the way through so the cheese leaked all over my hands while eating it. It was the messiest cheesesteak I ever ate. Also, they didn't put nearly enough cheese whiz in comparison to how many onions there were but that just may be because the cheese whiz leaked out the bottom of the open cheesesteak. The fries were awesome though. One of my friends got old bay seasoned fries and those were even better. I'll probably be back to Tony Luke's because we go to Manayunk often but now I know to go before 12:30am when the menu options are greater and less expensive and to get cheesy fries and old bay friesTony Luke's deserves its spot on the Must Have Cheesesteak List, but the money maker is the pork sandwich w/prov.  I think the bread is great, which is also dipped in au  jus. Don't want it for fear of soggy bread? Ask without (which is probably a good call if you're not going to eat it on the spot). My favorite combo so far is cheesesteak w/prov, fried onions, rabe, and mushrooms. 
The GM is making a big effort to make sure customers are happy, which makes sense seeing that there are some surprisingly negative reviews on Yelp. He gave us a sample of the marinara sauce and we happily dunked just about everything in it.My colleagues and I were looking forward to this opening as a new option to check out during our lunch break. Since it opened we have gone in for lunch three times wanting to like it despite some major flaws. While the service was great and the wait for our orders was not too long, the food was horrible. Eating here reminded me of cheesesteak day in my middle school cafeteria years ago. Where sandwiches may have resembled cheesesteaks, but true cheesesteaks they were not.
First let's start with their rolls, there was a sign in the restaurant saying their rolls were baked fresh each day, it should be changed to "rolls reheated daily."  I watched while shaking my head at how they took precooked boxed frozen rolls shipped in from Liscios and reheated them in an oven.  The result was a roll that was dry, flavorless, and tough; it lacked all of the qualities that one could expect from a fresh baked roll. 
Next the cheesesteak, the steaks we ordered on different days were served luke warm at best and topped with very little cheese (wiz).  On top of that the meat was terrible.  It resembled steakums, frozen, flavorless, thinly sliced, and in the shape of a manufactured rectangular patty.  No legit cheeseteak place in the city uses meat of this poor quality not even the tourist traps like Pat's and Geno's.
And last onto the roast pork.  Unlike the steaks these were barely even warm; the meat was but the greens were cold.  This resulted in a cold soggy sandwich that fell apart as I ate it.  A fresh roll would have been better suited to hold in the juices from the pork and the greens.  Had the greens been warm it would have almost been a respectable sandwich but I still can't get beyond the reheated rolls.
This place could have so much potential if management fixed things regarding the choice to use such low quality ingredients. It is such a shame that management seems to favor cheaper sub par ingredients to the real thing while still charging top dollar for a severely lacking product.  I remember getting some great sandwiches from the original South Philly location the last time I was there a few years ago, but what I remember from a few years ago is nothing like what was served at this location.We waited 45 minutes for 2 cheesesteaks. Absolutely horrible. Terrible service and would not give a refund so we could just leave.Who doesn't try a cheesesteak when they are in Philly. I was on a Cheesesteak spree and wanted to try all sorts of Cheesesteaks available. I have tried both Pats and Ginos and after some of the reviews mentioning Tony Lukes I decided to give it a shot as well.
I visited the Tony Luke's Main Street location(not the original) and placed an order for a Cheese steak, a roast ham and a fried cheesecake.
The order took a good 15minutes so I decided to explore the store. The store is pretty much a exhibition of Tony Lukes achievements and his photos(from the films and his cooking shows), there is also a TV but it only airs Tony Lukes cooking show in there. If you are looking for entertainment while waiting for food, Tony Lukes definitely reaches your expectations, but it definitely disappointed me in regards to food as none of them tasted close to Avg.When in Philly, you gotta get your steak on! Last time I was in Philly, I got my fill at Carmen's in the Reading Terminal Market. It was pretty good, but not great. So this time, I was in search of something better and decided to try Tony Luke's - a steak spot featured by Guy Fieri on TV. When looking it up, they had several locations. Chose the one we were closest to at the time, and when we got there I didn't realize this was set up as a chain fast food joint. Was excited to try anyway. Ordered the usual steak with onions, mayo and provolone. Even got the larger size, which was the most expensive. Was terribly disappointed! Their large was probably about 10", not much meat, not much taste. I took it back to the counter and told them that I asked for onions, but mine didn't have any. They assured me that it does and prompted me to inspect. Sure enough, if you dig into the little meat that there is, you'll find small pieces of diced onions. To add salt to the wound - which I wish they would've put some on the steak - this sandwich was about $10!!! Get your steak on somewhere else!I was so excited when I learned Tony Luke's opened a store in Manayunk. The food at their original site is amazing. Unfortunately the food was not up to the standard of the south Philadelphia store. I stuck to their classics the cheesesteak and roast pork. Neither was good. Soo disappointed. I will not be going back.Went in once for lunch and management has a lot of work to do in there. Daniel does not know what he is doing with some of the people he has working there. So unprofessional. Daniel is racist in many different ways and it shows through the employees faces. Tons of work with little pay. Employees are not appreciated!!!! See Daniel stand around while the others are busy and could use his help at times. I believe if management pulls Daniel and replaces him with someone with better people skills, then this place may have a chance. It would be a shame to loose out all for one person whom is not a team player! I only picked one star because I had to in order to post my comment.I arrived with 15 people in an otherwise empty restaurant.  The front counter person including the manager were rude!  They refused us from using the bathroom & then offered it up (upon a publicly announced "executive decision" by the manger to grant us access).  Then, the manager asked us to give the staff a round of applause & invited us to Yelp about our experience - well, he I am.  Your food is decent, your customer service is deplorable.  I'll never go back.Not as good as the original. Cold steak and shorter than most. If you like to wait an hour and eat short steak this is the place.Came in from KC and had to get some Tony Luke's...  The one on Oregon Ave. was so much better from the last time I was in Philly.  Unfortunately this side Tony Luke's is giving the original location a bad reputation as the food is not up to the Tony Luke's quality that I came to know...  Please make a change....soon!It's Tony Luke's so the foods great but the guy who takes orders (Friday at 448 November 27) is an absolute moron. I will not be back.I try really hard to give new places a chance to work out the kinks when they first open. I stopped by the other night because I had been hearing that Tony Luke's was a great place for a cheesesteak. I ordered a small cheese steak and small fries. I picked up my food and walked about a hundred feet back to my apartment. By the time I got there the food was barely warm and the fries were a little soggy. I was not impressed with the cheesesteak. The meat did not taste seasoned and it basically reminded me of Steak Umm's. The small was truly a very small portion (similar to a junior at Wawa). I will say the employees were very friendly. I will most likely not return.Bad food , long wait, and employees with bad attitudes. We tried to explain that our pork was cold and we were told that it wasn't possible because it was just cooked, we asked for a refund and were refused!! Serious?not worth the tripThe management changes hands God knows how many times. It's taken them over 15 minutes to make a short steak. The frys were lukewarm because of how long it took them too make the steak. In addition it's 90+ degrees outside and there water on the soda machine does not work. This store is definitely not the real deal tony Luke's in south Philly. Avoid if you don't want to be disappointed.The food is always great. Love their fries and the uncle mike is great for vegetarians! Nice customer service and a convenient spot in Manayunk on main st. New general manager is very friendly and makes an effort to talk to all the customers, and ensure they are satisfied.I can't remember the last time I actually wanted to waste time writing a negative review. I'm fat and will eat and enjoy just about anything that creates a blood sugar response, including the 5 pound burger from the original Tony Lukes. I ate it in 35 minutes and swallowed my own vommit just to get it for free.
I ordered a chicken sandwhich and it was the most disgusting, overly salted, thing I have ever had. The meat did not taste grilled, rather microwaved, steamed, boiled, or some other new cooking method that makes you want to punch walls. The chicken was rubbery, the roll soggy. 
I actually trashed 3/4 of the sandwhich. Again, I'm fat, this never happens - I routinely pack myself with meat fat and carbs until the last meal has been displaced.
This is not Tony Lukes quality. The only thing in common is the logo. These are not typical growing pains. Thumbs down to the Tony Lukes franchise.
They're now open to 3am, now you can get low quality precooked frozen meat warmed up for you late night.My husband and I came here to get some sandwiches and a Diet Coke. After we paid for the fountain soda, we found the machine to be out of both diet and regular Coke in the middle of a day on a Saturday. The bewildered cashier refunded our money. We then just asked for tap water, and she said they don't have water cups. I pointed to the cup she had previously sold me (and I had already filled with ice) and asked if I could use that and just fill it with water since I had already touched it when I had tried to get Diet Coke. She was not happy but let me do it, so I filled it with the water tab on the machine. Then she told her manager I took the cup and filled it with a drink without paying. I was embarrassed and felt the need to explain to the manager that I wasn't a thief. The manager luckily understood when I told her I figured they couldn't use the cup anyway since I had previously touched it and filled it with ice. The whole experience was weird and made us feel uncomfortable.Best cheese steak I've had in Philly!!! Quality of food was phenomenal, shop was immaculate and clean. But mostly the customer service by the General Manager Daniel was outstanding!!! He personally greeted everyone that came in, informed about weekly specials and ensured that we were 100% satisfied with our meals.  Beyond impressed!! IT'S A  MUST TO COME HAVE A MEAL HERE!!! And bring your friends!! 
LisaI went here the other day for lunch. The manager was extremely nice and helpful. I ordered the roasted pork (Italian style)- it was very yummy. I come to this location every time I am in town and it never disappoints!Great to have a cheese steak place on Main Street in Manayunk. Friendly customer service and good food.I liked Tony Luke's much better than Pat's or Geno's. I found a higher quality beef and the service I received was world's apart from those terribly unpleasant people down in South Philly. Daniel, the new GM, made a point to greet our party and the staff were friendly and fast.Food was good but the service was not. The Manayunk shop was awkward. It was freezing cold in the shop. Staff had coats on. Manager was loud and distracted. Gave our order to another couple and then gave me attitude saying he called me, when I was 5 feet away. Not going back there again.Do no eat here, worst service, terrible food, rude staff. 20 min wait on 1 cheese steak is terrible. Do not go!!!!!!An embarrassment to the franchise.  Any cheesesteak place that runs out of cheese is an abomination. Any cheesesteak place that runs out of steak is an abomination. If you run out of both at the same time, maybe you shouldn't be in the cheesesteak biz.Welcome to the neighborhood! Cheesesteaks and fries were excellent and the manager Daniel is really going above and beyond to create a fun and welcoming environment. Definitely know where to go for a cheesesteak.Today was our first stop at Tony Lukes on Main Street in Manayunk. I had a chicken cheesesteak and wife had a regular steak,  both were incredibly awesome. nice fresh rolls and great fries. the general manager Daniel was very hands-on and friendly.
 I'd recommend it to anybody, stop in and try them.Great cheesesteak! By far the best in the area. Great service by Daniel. They have late night hours for my crazy work schedule. This is now my go-to spot.First cheesesteak in Philly and it didn't disappoint! Had a cheesesteak with mild provolone and fried onions. Delicious!  Service was friendly and fast. The manager Daniel came to our table to make sure we enjoyed everything.  He was very polite and friendly!  We'll definitely return when we come back to the area!Easily the worst cheesesteak I have ever had. I have had higher quality at Wawa. The bread was like eating a crumbling sponge and the meat was extremely soggy. Do not recommend at all.Wow! what a find.  The cheesesteaks are the best from me, who grew up in south philly, on cheesesteaks.  But what about those Italian Pork sandwiches, they are mouth watering delicious.  Daniel, the Manager is great with his booming personality, voice, and presence; he makes Tony's the go to place to eat the real deal.
FranFinally, a cheesesteak place returns to Manayunk! Tony Luke's borders on mass produced type of food seeing as it is a chain, but it's still good! The menu is on the smaller side, so that makes things easier. I've gotten takeout from here a few times since opening and have been very pleased. The Maryland fries are good too! 
They had their opening during the Manayunk bike race and won me over right away with free samples of sandwiches and sides. Even had the chance to meet Tony himself and he was very excited to be there! 
There are some seats inside, but it's pretty small so I'd recommend just doing takeout. The decorations are a bit over the top, Tony's face plastered everywhere... but that's his thing, so whatevs. Seeing as he's the only actual cheesesteak place in Manayunk, I think he will do well here!