I was slightly depressed when my favorite hoagie spot shut down but in came caffe Vienna. Delicious!! I am in heaven and I really cannot wait to go back to try everything on the menu.This place just opened up a few weeks ago. I had an opportunity to try the special Mona Lisa sandwich and it was excellent. Great ambiance as well.Outstanding authentic Italian lunch fare. 
Family operated and the care they put into creating every part of the sandwich is evident. Good quality deli meats, cheese and bakery fresh bread and the homemade toppings are excellent. 
Friendly, good customer service and clean environment. Give them a try, for sure.A much needed addition to Rittenhouse - by far the best Italian style hoagies available in the area. Really high quality ingredients, really good sandwiches.Update: 
They added a new sandwich to the menu - Mona Lisa. Chicken cutlet w fresh mozzarella, arugula and wonderful spreads. A 10/10!  
Outstanding authentic Italian lunch fare. 
Family operated and the care they put into creating every part of the sandwich is evident. Good quality deli meats, cheese and bakery fresh bread and the homemade toppings are excellent. 
Friendly, good customer service and clean environment.New favorite sandwich shop in the city.  Really high quality, fresh ingredients and perfectly manicured sandwiches.  Great addition to the neighborhood.Good local sandwich shop - glad it's nearby. Slightly too much oil/vinegar on sandwich but overall very good and friendly place.Ordered the Jackson St and Broad Street Billy - both sandwiches were solid. All ingredients were fresh and of great quality. The only thing I would have change is chicken cutlet could have been bigger and sesame bread. Good for the neighborhood and will go back to try breakfast.The sandwich is the most perfectly balanced, fresh and aesthetically pleasing sandwich.  It packs so much flavor I cannot put into words. Don't miss out on this new gem. The service  there is also amazing, the guys make you feel like old friends :)New place that just opened - super excited about. AMAZING sandwiches. Try the Bully or anything with a chicken cutletI am really glad this place opened! 
It's so nice to see a real Philly family-style business in Rittenhouse and not another pretentious coffee spot that looks like a laboratory and charges extra to pour your coffee as slow as possible. On top of the homey vibe the place has great, super-fresh sandwiches,coffee and Italian odds and ends like fresh mozzarella and roasted peppers in containers to go.  Everything is really affordable and there are even $6.50 small (maybe half a hoagie size) sandwich option which is unheard of on a street that charges $8 for a bagel egg and cheese! 
I work across the street and am so happy about this place. I hope everyone will go and check them and their awesome sandwiches out.simply amazing!
get the philly special its amazing!
lovely cozy little spotCenter City finally has a place to get a REAL Italian sandwich and not having to Uber to South Philly.  It was amazing.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.  Looking forward to being a regular and trying everything on the menu!!!!I have been coming here since their opening and I just love their sandwiches! They are simply the best. I am not a lover of hoagies or subs but these sandwiches are authentic Italian deliciousness. They use only the best quality Italian meats and cheeses and the bread is superb. I am originally from South Philadelphia but I live in Center City, close to Rittenhouse and this place rocks my world. I have told EVERYONE I know about this place and I recommend it highly. My favorite sandwich thus far is the Broad Street Bully, a spicy delightful combo of hot sopressata, capicola, sharp provolone, prosciutto di Parma, fried long hots, a hot spice blend, with the right amount of arugula and tomato slices. Too many places add so much "filler" to their sandwiches so that there is no room for the meat. Not Caffe Vienna; no filler, all meat and cheese. I'm glad to see that they have now added to their menu and have extended their hours. This will only add to their customer base---and to my caloric intake!!Just unbelievable. I LOVE this place! The ingredients are SO fresh and of such high quality, which really makes all the difference. I knew the food was going to be good the second I stepped into the store, just judging by the smell. Worth every penny and I will be coming back again and again. A MUST try!!!!Great sandwiches.  Fresh ingredients and tasty. I am definitely gonna make this one of my regular lunch spots.The coffee was good but I'm sorry I just can't get over the $3 biscotti that tastes like it came out of a box.Vienna's is a cute little corner cafe on Locust and 20th. The interior is pretty small, with just a corner for ordering and a window bar with a few stools if you want to eat inside. They offer pastries, cannoli, sandwiches, and drinks. I just tried the cannoli, which were tasty but a bit expensive. The staff were friendly but a bit over-talkative, if you just want to get your goodies and go. That said, feel free to check it out and try for yourself, if you're around.I don't leave a ton of yelp reviews, but this place is worth a shout out. Classic Philly hoagies served on fresh Sarcone's rolls (which we all know are the best.) The owner is so friendly and helpful. I'm making it a point to stop here whenever I'm craving a classic Philly hoagie.Had a Jackson st chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe, roasted peppers and sharp provolone on scarone bread had a different flavor with every bit best i have hadFood here is amazing and they have some of the best sandwiches I've had. Some of my favorites are the Philly Special and Broad Street Bully. William is very personable and when you step in here, you feel like family. Highly recommend trying out this place!Live right down the street from this place and my fiancé and I have been making it a point to go here on our weekly day off together every time. The food is great-- straightforward with fresh, excellent ingredients, and everyone there is so nice and welcoming. There's not a bad thing on the menu. Easily one of the best parts of my week.Walked past this place multiple times and wish I tried it sooner! I got a sandwich to go and it was delicious. While I was waiting they gave me a chocolate espresso which was delicious. The sandwich meat was freshly cut, and the bread it's amazing seeded rolls! They have arugula on so many sandwiches it's great! I will definitely be back.Their Philly Special is to die for. 
But on a side note, the girl might be too nice or they don't have a system established yet.  I got cut in line by a guy but the girl didn't say anything but ended helping him first.  Hello? 
Anyway, that sandwich still worth it!OMG... this place is a must visit! Amazing sandwich with super fresh ingredients, and a really nice owner. All the "Philly Italian" classics, but you won't regret stopping here at all. Trust me!The highest quality ingredients, a friendly staff, and family run. The man cut the prosciutto directly in front of me and put it on my sandwich fresh! I would love to see this place be a huge success.The sandwiches are solid - fresh ingredients and decent portion size. 
I give 4 stars as they can be a little pricey ($12-13 for a regular sized sandwich), but given the location it's not too surprising.Fantastic sandwiches loved the bread and everything in between. So good I got balsamic on my shirtAMAZING!!  Italian sandwiches done differently but perfectly!  Highly recommend the Broad St. Bully and the Da Vinci.  Bread is perfection!  Sharp provolone has a fantastic flavor.  Great friendly service.  Don't do the tourist traps!  This place is a cut above all else.  Will definitely come back next time in Philadelphia!The sandwiches on the menu here look really interesting but after buying a chocolate croissant and realizing how completely stale it is at 10 this morning I cannot give this restaurant any more than a one star.  I hope they're sandwiches are better.The Broad Street Bully is unreal. There is no other spot outside of South Philly that you can get such great Italian sandwiches that are this delicious.Scrumptious sandwich shop; fresh  quality ingredients prepared with culinary skill in a relaxed, cozy neighborhood location.  I enjoyed a fabulous meatball stromboli with roasted marinara sauce.Awesome place! I popped in today for a breakfast sandwich and a cappuccino. The breakfast sandwich (the Leonardo) was good, and I really appreciate their veggie options. The standout was the cappuccino - I already want another one! The workers were friendly. I will be back.First visit to this new shop around the corner from my office. I don't frequently purchase sandwiches for lunch, but it was one of those "eat at the desk and keep working" days and I heard good things from a co-worker. I went for the Broad Street Bully, a spicy sopressata, capicola, and sharp provolone sandwich with long hots that really hit the spot. Definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood; I'll be back.The jackson street sandwich was fiiirrrre. And the bread is top notch. They know what they're doing. My go-to sandwich spot for now onWas looking for a fast casual sandwich place near Rittenhouse square on Yelp and found this spot. DONT MISS IT! They have the best Italian sandwiches and service. The owner/manager heard I came from the doctor and he gave us complimentary chocolate lattes and cake! We also shared the Matteo sandwich and Mona Lisa. The Matteo was a favoriteCorner Italians eatery with no frills. Service was quick, food was flavorful and well crafted. Went at lunchtime and purchased a Matteo + double shot of espresso. Highly recommend for a quick bite.Don't go anywhere else. This place is insanely good, I've gone though almost their menu and haven't had a bad meal yet. The breakfast sandwiches are so flavorful and the warm, crusty bread and blend of cheeses is everything you could ever want. The Stromboli is hands down the best I have ever had. Go enjoy this amazing food, I promise you won't be disappointed!Wow, I never thought I could get addicted to sandwiches until I came here. Every ingredient tastes so fresh, from the bread (from Sarcone's bakery) to the meats to the cheese to the veggies. The small sandwich is large enough to make me full. I have tried the Philly Special and Broad Street Billy and both were phenomenal. I will definitely be back to try more on their menu. The strombolis here are amazing too and honestly such a great value (a quarter of a stormboli pictured below is less than $5!). On a warm sunny day, my perfect day would be to get a sandwich or stromboli from here and enjoy my food by the calming trees and flowers at Rittenhouse Square just a block away. They also have counter seating inside and three red patio sets outside as well. I highly recommend this place to everyone!This place is amazing! The people there are extremely friendly and the food is made perfectly! I had the veggie sandwich, the meatball, sandwich and the bread pudding and all were fantastic! Cute place with some indoor seating. Will definitely be returning!I ordered the Mona Lisa sandwich which didn't take long for them to prepare. The owner greeted me immediately after stepping inside and asked if I knew what I wanted. I did preview the menu on yelp so I did. The sandwich is very delicious and ingredients are super fresh. Love it.Walked in by chance and asked for the most popular sandwich.  They said the newest was the Luca Brasi so i ordered it and it was so good that I went back for lunch the following day and and told them to just suggest another sandwich.  Not sure what it was but that too was delicious.  Will definitely be going here and recommending.Incredible sandwiches, coffee and customer service. Amazing addition to the area. LoveI grew up in south Philadelphia and through out my life I have had sandwiches from every well known sandwich shop as well as the not so well known neighborhood sandwich shops.
Since roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone is my favorite sandwich I try every place that I hear about. If I want lighter fair, I tell the shop to hold the pork and soak the broccoli rabe, sharp provolone and the bread with pork gravy. 
But Because I live in Rittenhouse Square area, up and till now I have had to got to front and snyder, the terminal, 20th and Jackson or other locations in south Philly to get my favorite sandwich as well as other sandwiches.
To my absolute delight, my driving for the perfect sandwich days are over. Over the past month I have gone to Caffe Vienna and tried a variety of their great hoagies and chicken sandwiches. But Last week I finally saw the sign for roast pork and roast beef sandwiches. Since then I have tried my variations of the roast pork and it is as good as any I have had. Everything about it was delicious. 
You may have a favorite place, but Caffe Vienna is the best in center city hands down, and at the top with the rest of South Philly's sandwich shops. Don't miss out!!Friendly little cafe that specializes in sandwiches, and all of their coffee is really solid too. The seating inside is on bar tables, and they have a few tables and chairs set up outside too. Overall, big fan and can't wait to try more of their menu.My favorite place to get my pre-work drinks in the morning. Whether it's iced coffee or a warm tea, William always serves it with a smile and kind words. Some of my faves: Stromboli, any breakfast sandwich, and the Matteo.Amazing sandwich and really nice folks! This small shop combines attention to detail with delicious ingredients to create some amazing sandwiches. I got the bully and thoroughly enjoyed it. Most places have pictures of their food on yelp or online. I rarely see the actual food match what they advertise. Caffe Vienna is one of those rare gems that can! I will definitely come backThis spot is killer! I just discovered it today, and boy am I glad I did. Ordered the 'Broad St Bully' and it was filled with Italian hot soppressata, prosciutto and dry capicola, sharp prov cheese, arugula, tomatoes & other spices; and the roll was fresh, crunchy, and delicious! I have already passed menus around at work for catering, and let my pals know that this place is a must-try! 
Will absolutely be back. Thanks for the great service, too!I have been on the hunt for a proper Italian sandwich since Sarcones closed and today I'm happy to announce the hunt is over. 
I ordered the Luciano which I literally can not even describe. 
Just...THANK YOU Caffe Vienna.....never change, you make an indescribably amazing sandwich.If you're looking for a great hoagie, you no longer have to go down to South Philly. They have all the classics: chicken cutlet, prosciutto, capicola, meatballs, etc. The menu is pretty diverse and has something for everyone. My only "criticism" is their website should specify the different sizes and prices. 
I had a regular Matteo: prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted peppers, balsamic glaze, tomatoes, and arugula. It was really good. The balsamic glaze didn't over power the other ingredients. 
It's a shame not a lot of people know about this place. They deserve to have a line out the door.Awesome sandwiches and breakfast croissants. Friendly staff, efficient service.  We ate lunch there but it is more of a take out place. There are counters with stools if you eat in. I had the Morty- mortadella, fresh mozzarella with olive spread, arugula and tomatoes. It was excellent. I will definitely go back!As a New Yorker living in philly I've longed to have that Italian deli sandwich void filled. Thankfully this spot opened up and I can sleep easy knowing that's no longer an issue! I haven't tried everything yet but the cold cut (lunch meat as you Philly folks call it) have been dynamite. I hope the chicken cutlet lives up to the bar that's been set but I can't vouch for it yet. Quite frankly it doesn't matter what you put on that seeded Sarcones bread it's going to be excellent. I'd eat my own intestines served on that divine loafWOW. If you are considering Tortice's for a sandwich, stop wasting time and just go for it! For months, I have passed by and wondered what they serve inside without stopping in to see for myself. While trying to determine what I wanted to order for lunch last week, I took a look at the Yelp Page for Tortice's and saw some of the most mouth watering options ever. I could not decide between the Philly Special and the Rittenhouse. I went for the Philly Special because I was more in the mood for the sweet taste of a balsamic glaze and eggplant.
I ordered my sandwich directly on the Yelp Page and it was ready when I got there to pick it up. The prices are super fair, I managed to get a drink and chips too for less than $25 for everything.
The highlight of this sandwich was the chicken cutlet. I am PICKY when it comes to chicken cutlets. The seasoning here was absolute perfection. The portion was generous. I was full well past dinner time.
The staff inside were very friendly and kind. I can't wait to return and try the Rittenhouse Sandwich next!The 'little jon' sandwich. Wow. What to say. Turkey, arugula, sundried tomato spread....and they even have gluten free bread! It's out of this world. The coffee is fresh, I hear the strombolis are great, and the owner William is the nicest guy in the world. This is one of those rare neighborhood sandwich shops that are almost non existent in America nowadays, and I feel incredibly fortunate that it moved into Rittenhouse Square last year! Also, make sure to get their samples....the owner is always coming up with fun new drinks and treats and he prepares little samples that sit on the counter. The chocolate latte, on the secret menu...is the best. Ask for it. Also, a note on price- someone noted they are expensive. Compared to a regular sandwich, yeah, but these things are 2 full meals.I ordered the Mona Lisa for lunch. Perfect! The olive spread and the diced tomato spread likely take any sandwich to the next level, I would be sure to add it to any sandwich I order here.
Also, the staff was friendly, speedy and inviting.I went here a few times and enjoyed my sandwich that I ordered. The people who work there are super nice and usually have a sample you can try while they are making your food. 
Would I eat here again? Absolutely, I would and recommend anyone that wants a tasty sandwich to try it as well!Great place. Recently moved to the area, and I frequent them. They are always on time, and the food is delicious. If you haven't given them a shot, you definitely should. My favorite is the broad street bully, but I have had a few others, and you really can't go wrong.Great HOAGIE!! Since Covid-19 has put a serious hold on potlucks, group take-out has become the new "party". 
Grumplethorpe Youth Volunteers opted for sandwiches from Totorices. 
It's been 2 weeks and I'm STILL THINKING ABOUT THAT NAPLES SANDWICH!!
I haven't had a tuna hoagie in +25years because its so hard to find a halfway decent one. Most places think tuna salad on a roll is tuna hoagie. 
The struggle  is real. 
Tuna, arugula, tomatoes and some of THE BEST olive spread imaginable. This jawn was PERFECT. My hubby and daughter had Italianos and loved them too. I'll have to take their word for it because NOBODY was sharing. Just wish you guys were closer to Germantown/MtAiry area.My son and I accidentally wandered into Tortorice's while looking for a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich. Best. Mistake. Ever. Tortorice's doesn't have cheese steak, but they do have the most fabulous, authentic, gorgeous, delicious Italian sandwiches on this side of Atlantic. I had the tuna wrap and it was out of this world. Super high-quality, imported tuna, light seasonings and olive oil, so may mouth-watering veggies, my stomach is grumbling just thinking about it! No mayo. This was gourmet all the way. My son had the Broad Street Bully and he loved it. William, the owner, is very personable and kind. Great neighborhood vibe, incredibly high quality bread and meats - heck, all the ingredients are top-notch! Do yourself a favor and try this place.Amazing sandwich and really nice folks! This small sandwich shop combines attention to detail with delicious ingredients to create some amazing sandwiches. I got the bully and thoroughly enjoyed it. Most places have pictures of their food on yelp or online. I rarely see the actual food match what they advertise. This place is one of those rare gems that can! I will definitely come back!
We came back for a repeat in Dec '19 and the sandwiches were STILL awesome! This has become a permanent stop whenever we are in Philly.On a scale of 1-5 stars it's a six. The Matteo. Trust me. You're welcome. Why does Yelp insist I write more than above? Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yada yada yada.Great sandwiches. Some of the best in Philadelphia, which is saying something. Fresh ingredients, great rolls, and interesting flavor combinations. Ordered the large hoagie tray for football games on Sunday and they were a hit. Friendly and good customer service as wellAll my sandwhiches were amazing. I've gotten the sophia breakfast sandwhich a few times and I love it. Best place to get a breakfast sandwhich in the neighborhood without a line!First try yesterday, ordered through grubhub and picked up sandwich right before closing. The Stromboli you can either have made with Pepperoni and cheese or Italian meats and Italian cheeses baked in sarcones dough. Losing a star from perfect review due to no side of sauce to dip sandwich in and they are quite pricey but the area is so no suprise there.
I chose the Stromboli with Italian meats and Italian cheeses and was suprised when I picked it up the entire stromboli was cut into pinwheel slices. The pros of this is that the sandwich is not messy and every bite had meat in it! The Stromboli's I am used to ordering have a ton of dough and alot of bites you only get cheese. 
I throughly enjoyed this however on my next trip I would definitely order one of there signature sandwiches as I hear their hoagies calling my name.
As always people SYOY!!!I really love this place. The owner Jonathan is amazing, and has always been the friendliest face to see and support. We love their Da Vinci and their Broad Street Bully, please, please support them during COVID! We're ordering for lunch today and I realized I hadn't written them a yelp review! It's been heartbreaking to see Lil Pop Shop right next to them close down from the impacts of COVID19, it was once the highlight of my Saturdays to grab a coffee from Ultimo, a sandwich from Tortorice's and then return for a quick pop from Lil pop shop. This little corner of 20th street is one of the best there is for food and memories in Philly, please support the small businesses here! And definitely do not miss out on the Da Vinici or their fabulous bread puddings. Rooting for you guys!This place is amazing. The Broad Street Bully is literally the best sandwich I have ever eaten. We had to stop again on our way out of the city to get food for the ride home.These guys are my go-to place to grab a sandwich around Rittenhouse. The food is always great, and the customer service is even better. The owner is always working behind the counter, and he legitimately cares about every single person who walks in the door.As a New Yorker living in philly I've longed to have that Italian deli sandwich void filled. Thankfully this spot opened up and I can sleep easy knowing that's no longer an issue! I haven't tried everything yet but the cold cut (lunch meat as you Philly folks call it) have been dynamite. I hope the chicken cutlet lives up to the bar that's been set but I can't vouch for it yet. Quite frankly it doesn't matter what you put on that seeded Sarcones bread it's going to be excellent. I'd eat my own intestines served on that divine loaf!One of the BEST freshly made Italian style hoagies I've ever had. The customer service is really what makes me want to go back every single day however. They treat everyone who walks in like a neighborhood friend that they've known forever. They want you to be happy with what you get so they help you pick out exactly what you're looking for. The hoagies with the deli meats are freshly sliced to order and the chicken cutlets are breaded perfectly. The whipped cream on top was the surprisingly amazing cannoli you can also get freshly filled to order. Highly recommend stopping here to get a great hoagie!The partner William is so kind. It was five o'clock on a Saturday and they were closed and William stayed open so we could order dinner. What a great establishment and class act guy! Excited to try this amazing food! Thanks again William!!Welcome to the neighborhood! This is just what we needed- a delicious, authentic sandwich spot with reasonable prices. All the ingredients are fresh and the portions are big. They offer sandwiches in 3 sizes. I got the regular (middle size) and it was so stuffed that I saved half of it for a pre dinner snack. They have great veggie options too. I'll be back!One of my favorite spots in Philly. My go-to is the Broad Street Bully but you can't go wrong with any of the options! Always amazing!Excited about this new addition to the Rittenhouse area! The cafe is small and cozy with great lighting, and 8 or so window seats. I ordered the Vesuvius, which is a sandwich with chicken cutlet, hot sopresatta, provolone, mixed with peppers and spices. The spicy kick was perfect and the sandwich overall delicious! However, the chicken cutlet was a little bit cold. Highly recommend the Vesuvius if you're into spicy foods! The sandwiches come in a small, regular, or full size. The small was the perfect amount for me since I wasn't too hungry. The price for the small is a bit steep at $9.75, but it was all together a satisfying quick, small meal, and I will definitely be back!The best! Can't beat the food or service. Especially love the Matteo Sandwich! One of the best spots in Philly for a great lunch.I have had several sandwiches from this place.The rolls are good  but the fixins are suboptimal and skimping, and the fixed $$$ cost is too high for what is given. Some of the pastes that they put inside the sandwich do not work well with the rest of the sandwich. The meats seem too slim and perhaps too thin sliced.
This place really needs some help from somebody who knows how to make Italian sandwiches. If you want to charge $14 a sandwich, just make a better sandwich.My new go to sandwich shop! I pass this shop almost everyday and decided to stop in today. I ordered a meatball sub with sharp provolone. I loved it. They have an awesome menu of Italian sandwiches, many of which I've grown up loving! I'm excited to try the others!This is our favorite sandwich shop in Philly! They make the best Italian subs! Our fave is the Broad Street Bully and Vesuvius. They slice the meat upon order and it's so fresh! The owner is super friendly and loves getting to know his customers. HIGHLY recommend going!Excellent sandwiches in a pleasant space and service with a smile. Broad Street Bully is now a favorite. Good bread. Fresh sliced good quality meat and lots of it. Fabulous arugula. Roast pork was delightful as well - excellent meat , great broccoli raab...
Excellent!Caffe Vienna is the newest sandwich shop in a fairly crowded sandwich market. The biggest difference, and where I think they'll shine, is that they are all Italian style. 
They smartly got me to try them with their grand opening day promotion. For every sandwich you buy, you got entered into a raffle to win season opener Eagles tickets. $30 in sandwiches later, I had no Eagles tickets, but a new preferred sandwich shop.
I tried the regular sized Matteo (Prosciutto di Parma fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, balsamic glaze, tomatoes) and the regular sized Abruzzo (fresh mozzarella, tomato eggplant spread, balsamic glaze, tomatoes and arugula). The flavor combos were excellent. I'd recommend the balsamic glaze on everything you order there- my Abruzzo had extra and it was fab. While my bread was a little tough, but it was Italian bread so shouldn't be super soft. The sandwiches also held up for day two. Price point per regular size sandwich was totally fair.
As I mentioned, Philly has A LOT of sandwich shops. Aside from Italian specialty sandwiches, the quality is the next biggest standout. The ingredients were extreme quality. You aren't getting this type of mozzarella from your Wawa or Primos. Don't even get me started about that delicious prosciutto.
The people working the store were also friendly and down to earth. There were a lot of folks around, I'm assuming because it was opening day, but it seemed like a family-friendly/family based shop.
They have catering services available, which is perfect considering all the offices nearby. I enjoy my first Caffe Vienna experience while sitting in Rittenhouse Square. 
I look forward to many more Italian sandwiches to come.This sandwich place is very unassuming and you miss it while walking by if it weren't for the yummy smells coming from this quaint shop!
The owner works behind the counter and is always willing to greet you with a smile and a taste of some delicious sample. Sandwiches are on point and for a girl who doesn't drink coffee when the owner gave me a sample of some sugary coffee drink I asked for more!
Can't wait to be back!