Horrible. I just paid 15 dollars for a "godfather special" and a can of sanpellegrino. That's a COLD sub and a Can of soda. It  took over and hour and a half to be delivered.  The meat is so skimpy and not very good.  NEVER AGAIN.Reliable for cheesesteaks and pizza in a pinch. Good friendly service. They will convert a whole wheat pizza crust into an oven-baked flatbread for you if you ask.Service is paramount.  You can have the best food in town, but when you do not have quality employees who treat customers as significant factors to the busines-you fail.  My orders never really deliver on time, and that's ok.  But tonight, in particular, my promised 30 minute order, turned into 55 minutes.  No biggie.  However, when it arrived, it was cold.  I immediately called Toto's to let them know about the issue.  The order taker, a female, talked over me as I tried to express my frustration.  She kept telling me 'my order is on the way' (even though I had already recieved it) attempting to get me off the phone to assist the customers in front of her.  She yelled at me and said, "it's busy."  I told her (quote-because she clearly did not care about my issue, since she didn't even let me tell her I had recieved my food) "I don't care that you're busy."  She threw phone down, not hanging it up, allowing me to listen to her rant to the customers before her calling me profane names-my phone record shows how long I listened to her.  She told a customer, "she can come down here and see me"-in a threatening tone.  Had your order taker simply said, "PLEASE HOLD ON"...or "I'M SORRY" I would never be on Yelp placing my formal complaint.
To add further insult, I attempted to call back and she was even worse-told me to call the owner and hung up.  As a manager to over 100 employees, I'd rather deal one on one with an establishment opposed to venting on the internet.  I'm a regular customer and was simply not satisfied with reheating a pizza in my oven, after paying for it.  You can reheat good food.  No biggie.  But to verbally abuse a paying customer...? I'll pass.My to go for crispy buffalo wings sooooooo good. 
I'm not a fan of the pizza
Delivery guy is a grump but when I pick up, the staff are always friendlyA bit pricey, but definitely worth it. I've only ever had the pizza and loved every kind I've tried except the buffalo chicken pizza; just too much blue and buffalo sauce for my taste. Best pizza in Mt Airy....However, the delivery takes forever, so make sure to order way ahead of time lol.Just moved to the neighborhood and passed this place a couple times. Decided to give it a try after stopping in the shopping center to pick up a red box movie. The prior reviews made me a little nervous, but the staff was friendly enough. We placed our order, 1 large white pizza, half Bella, half grilled chicken, and was told it would take about 15 minutes. We walked into the dollar store next door, and came back right at about 15 minutes later and they were just finishing the pie. Price was decent for decent food. I haven't checked out any other local eateries, but we'll probably be back when we're in the mood for pizza again.Horrible customer service!! It has changed hands and the people that run it now are rude when you discuss any problem or have a question. I've gone there for a long time, but no more!Good food but it still comes down to service it takes way too long time for delivery and when you call someone it seems like they always have an attitude. I'm very curtious I will wait in the door for the arrival time but it's always way underestimated by an extra hour. So I will wait for a call.
I can't believe 2 hours they just lost a customer...The driver asked for my address called twice and gave with my phone number same as online orderThe pizza snob that I am, this is the only pizza place I actually like in my neighborhood. There's just the right balance of cheese, sauce and crust. And I really like their sauce. Besides pizza, I always love their hot wings and they have the really good onion rings. I like too that they have several pizzas already made and you can order different varieties by the slice. Today I tried a slice of their Sicilian for the first time and thought it was fabulous.
I wasn't too wild about the Italian hoagie I had there awhile ago, but I've been please with anything else I've tried. 
I do look forward to trying more on the menu. I see they have different varieties of tomato pie and I'm very curious about how that is.What do I not love about having such a gem within walking distance? Delightfully friendly, hardworking staff, reasonable prices and tasty food. You can order online via GrubHub, which is nice. I've done it for delivery (on horribly rainy nights. I know. Yes, I'm that person...) and for pickup and although I'm not entirely issue free with the organizational workflow of that process, it won't deter me from going back because I appreciate good, always-served-fresh-n-hot food and the honest, sincere people who work at Toto's.
For some reason I do get a hankering ever so often for their crispy wings. I mean, personally I'll eat a chicken wang any which way but raw, but their crispy wings give me happy Fat Bastard feelings. 
And then I put them in my belly.
The pizza selection is pretty solid with a nice variety. For me their base sauce always runs a little saltier than I like, but I've been sampling other areas of the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. 
It's mega busy on Friday nights, and there's usually a pretty steady stream on other nights around dinner time so just be mindful of that, especially if you're placing a delivery order.Fantastic service, great pizza, great price!Love their eggplant parmigiana with spaghetti. I've gotten it through uber eats and have picked it up myself. Always hits the spot! Also the portions are perfect and I can always eat from the meal several times. I will definitely continue eating here!This is by far disappointing pizzeria. We ordered today from GrubHub and first I got a call that they weren't going to make the order. Then the agreed to make our slices. However they arrived under cooked and cold. The "Margarita Pizza" which was to have Fresh Mozzarella and Romano cheese Basil, and red Chunky plum tomatoes just had cold mozzarella and sauce on it. The "Mama's Pizza" did not have the Extra Virgin Olive Oil or Garlic but had the sauce slopped on. We got the  "Grilled chicken pesto" slice and that one DIDN'T have red sauce like it was supposed to!! Clearly they don't know they're OWN MENU! This was the 2nd time I tried ordering from them the first time they didn't know they had the Grilled Chicken Pesto Pizza on their menu. I was in a bind and needed to order food in today so I thought I would give them another shot. Clearly THAT WAS A MISTAKE!! Maybe they need to take items off their menu if they're UNABLE TO PREPARE THEM. Our food was inedible and I encourage anyone to not waste your time on this place.I've only been there for a slice and a soda, but they do that just fine. good pizza and good service everytimeMe thinks I have a confession to make:  I am a lover.  My lover is a lover, of me, also a lover.  Being that we are both lovers, we tend to take many a lovers walk.  On one such lovers walk, we found ourselves at the Upsal train station, hungry for something other than love for once.  You see, it had been several hours since we had gorged ourselves on moussaka and spanish peanuts in the hot tub of the esteemed Welshly Arms hotel.  Though the severe rashes my lover and I acquired in the hot tub bothered us not, we were forced to leave by a member of the staff and an official from the Board of Health.  Thus, hours later, we were at the Upsal train station, practicing Kama Sutra positions and laughing heartily under a tree of uncertain origins.  
While crouched in a pose that enflamed my back and my heart, I spied Toto's Pizzeria across the avenue.  Lover arm in arm, we sauntered across the way, stopping so I could give a vigorous kick to the car of a man, obviously not a lover, who almost killed me and my lover as we stepped into the street.  
Upon entering Toto's, my lover's excitement reached a fever pitch, as she removed pan pipes from her bag and began to play native music.  She stopped only to take small nibbles of my buffalo chicken slice, the tart tang of the hot sauce complimented by the divine creaminess of the bleu cheese.  Of the regular slice, the sauce was so heavenly it was as if it came straight from the teet of Shiva, the cheese from tusks of Ganesha.  My body tingled with such vigor and excitement I knew I must have achieved Nirvana.  It was only later that I realized that earlier, I must have done my Kama Sutra on an ant hill.  
My lover and I exited, bellies full of exquisite pizza, anxious to avoid any authorities that may have been alerted as to our presence.  As my good friend, and sometimes lover, Walter says: "Bingo."  Bingo indeed.  If you ever wish for a slice of delicious pizza to fill your mouth and cover your face with deliciousness, and somebody suggests Totos....Bingo.I was in the mood for pizza, not just any ordinary pizza like Papa Johns or Dominos, but Totos. I stumbled upon this wonderland on yelp without ever hearing about this place before. So why not take the risk and try an unfamiliar place? WOW, this pizza is bad ass. I ordered the sicilian style pizza with ground beef, green peppers, mushrooms and onions and it was loaded with all the above (however the ground beef was more like beef stick, minor glitch and i accepted it). I thought i could hammer down 4-5 slices but the slices were thick and heavy and I championed only 1.5 slices. I still have a whole pie left and I look forward to every slice. The crust is perfect, not a lot of grease, a good crunch and thick. The sauce is perfect with a good spice and sweetness to it. The toppings are fresh and loaded. 
A win for the local pizza shop!My go-to local pizza place. They're reasonably priced, they deliver quickly and the food is good. I especially favor their chicken cheesesteak, but we get pizza from them every so often as well. The people who work here are generally friendly and helpful, and the menu is pretty varied. The seating isn't very plentiful, and their credit card machine occasionally doesn't work.I wish there was a way to give less than one star. I do not know why occasionally we give them another try but tonight is the last time. Though having now read the other reviews I don't have anything new to add. The delivery service is the very worst. As delivery is mainstay of a pizza place this is ridiculous. After waiting an hour we called and were told it was out for delivery. After another 45 minutes I called and no one had any idea what we ordered though they did have my name. Nothing was ever cooked and though there were only two, extremely unintelligent and rude women working the phone, both denied speaking to me on the first call to check in. It is sad that a small business in a small town like Mt Airy does not care to provide good service. As my complaint mirrors dozens of others it doesn't matter to the owner or employees. Will not spend my money there again.Toto's is a great little pizzeria tucked amongst shops in a tiny strip mall in Mt. Airy. There are a few tables inside if you are dining in, but I have always either called delivery or picked it up myself. 
I have only tried their pizzas, but that has mostly to do with it being excellent in my opinion. The crust has the right crisp to it, the sauce flavorful, and fresh toppings. I have yet to be disappointed. My personal fav is classic pepperoni, which theirs tastes like the real deal. But I also highly recommend their supreme and buffalo chicken pizzas. 
My only qualm is that they are pricey. But at the end of the day, you are very satisfied with a fresh pizza pie.This pizza is ok... the folks there are cool & friendly... but the sandwiches, burgers & french fries here are, surprisingly, very good!!Great pizza but a little pricey.  It's hard to find a good pie in Philly so this place is a great find.  It's like eating pizza in New Jersey or New York.  Excellent quality and really fast delivery!OK, after reading the rave reviews I had to try Toto's.  Just moved into Mt Airy and could walk to the restaurant, but this particular evening we were feeling a bit lazy so we ordered delivery.  Lady on the phone who took the order was super nice, delivery fast, delivery guy friendly, steak hoagie tasty, and pizza.... AWFUL.  I don't know if they were just having an off night over at Toto's, but it had to be the worst pizza of recent memory.  It was a Frankenpizza. Hardly any cheese to be found on the pie, it was basically a dried-up square of bread with a teaspoon of sauce flattened over the entire surface. Seriously.  We just picked off the toppings and ate them as appetizers before sharing the hoagie.  Pizza was bad but the hoagie was awesome, so overall it was a yay-boo.  Will probably give them another chance, but will probably stick to the subs or pasta.I ordered fries from here and they were horrible soggy and old looking. Plus they came in a bag. The fries was just put in a small brown bag. Service was horrible.. Will never order from here again..We can't say enough about this place! Food is amazing, from pizzas to sandwiches to pasta..etc. Quality meals, service is fast & the owner is great!Never received my order. I called them an hour after the targeted window and they said "the pizza was delivered but not the fries." This was not the case as I didn't receive anything... Don't waste your time ordering from here, especially if you're hungryNot the best pizza in town and delivery took way to long. I would not recommend this pizza place. They have so called gourmet pizza with gourmet prices. Not worth your money!I stopped by here for a quick slice a few days ago. I got the bbq chicken slice. The service was quick and easy and the slice came out right away. It was nothing amazing to write home about but it was a decent slice for a decent price. C+Food is ok, depends on who's working (chef and cashier).  I order chicken tenders and fries. The food was cold and they gave me a chicken breast and some wings. I called and they said they would bring over a new platter with chicken tenders. They never came back and they stopped answering their phone. If you do order from Toto's, don't do delivery. Go inside and check your food before you leave!Good food, but I ordered and went elsewhere for diet soda, came back and it's 30+ minutes later and they just decided to put in another pie for me. I've been given a wrong pie, they've tried to give me 2 other pies, then I was given a medium pie in an large box that was someone else's. 1 large pie,  1/2 sausage, mushroom, x cheese and  1/2 pepperoni, x cheese. Is that so hard?Best pizza in Mt Airy, if you can get it.  Two hour delivery times on week nights and screwed up orders are the normal of the day.  Even when submitting them online, and typing things out, they find a way to screw it up or forget items.
I really want to love them but for every successful order there's literally four screwed up ones.On 9/5/16 I ordered a chef salad & a crispy chicken salad.  When I dug into the chef salad, I noticed a bug. I returned the salad and was given another chef salad. When I got home I noticed this had a bug also. I called the restaurant & told them so. The salad was trashed.I've ordered from Toto's in the past. It's super close and the food is usually pretty average. Tonight we ordered from them and waited for literally four hours for our order to show up. We called them three times and each time they said they were on the way and would be here in a few minutes. On the third call, they said they never received our order and would make it now. At this point, I didn't even want it anymore but the only thing they would offer was a free 2 liter soda. When pushed, they gave a 5 dollar discount to a place I will never order from again. If you want average food that may take up to four hours to get to your place, then this is the place for you. If you'd like to get your food in decent time, and correctly, go elsewhere.I need to start off by saying that the pizza on the Germantown side of Northwest is, overall, downright awful.  It's almost as thought every pizzeria here was bought as a one-size-fits-all kit off of a container ship on Columbus Blvd.  I never really thought to give Toto's a chance because I assumed it was going to be more of the typical bad pizza that I have come to expect.
Wow, I was REALLY wrong.  This place is easily the best true pizzeria I have ever been to in the Northwest and is comparable to my favorite place, which is Charlie's over by Adams and the Boulevard.  They actually use fresh mushrooms, which is pretty impressive.  I have yet to try any of their other offerings, but it is refreshing to know that they make their pizza so well.  Give them a shot.  You're sure to be pleased.It's too bad this is the best pizza in the area. It typically takes 2 hours to get delivery. What a waste.
Make that 3 hours for delivery. When we called - they LIED to us. Twice.Avoid Friday nights if you are hungry. Very crowded, lots of delivery orders, everything takes a long time. Not Toto's fault -- almost the opposite; it is just a little too popular for a simple meal on a TGIF night.
The spinach-and-cheese calzone is delicious, one of my favorite things. And the medium is still pretty big!I have to agree about thedifference since new ownership took over. I used to order from them a lot ,everything was consistently good,now either they screw up my order or the food is just not up to par. Last week i ordered a pasta dish that had more cheese then I've ever seen and was a goopy,greasy mess. When i called i was put on hold and they never got back to me.Ciao Toto's. I won't be coming backThey pizza is just meh and the service is the WORST.  The last time I went in for a pick up order, the two women behind the counter were arguing and cursing at each other.  One of the women called the other a "fat bitch."  This is completely unacceptable behavior in a place of business and I will never order from Toto's again.Wow, new owner made me happy after ordering a pizza. He is very serious about the business and made sure his customers are happy. Four stars for now because just tried the pizza and it was great!I do not take the time to write reviews, however I mist say this establishment has SUPERIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Never in all my years of ordering online has any company ever called me each time I make an order to ensure it is correct. Very amazing!Tried Toto's again, stopped by to pick up steak hoagies on the way home from work.  Just right ... one of the best hoagies I've ever had.  Glad we decided to give them another chance!Solid takeout place. Dependable, timely delivery. The margarita is a favorite.  We are satisfied regularsToto's is awesome! The wait is usually longer than estimated, but the pizza and calzones are totally worth it! Friendly staff is always a plus.Don't order the whole Wheat Pizza. This is my first time ordering from this place. I felt like I wasted "17.97 for med Pizza with 1 topping" for just dough. It's like cardboard, with hardly any cheese or sauce. I called them and spoke to the manager about it and all he suggested was to order the white dough pizza next time. Wow, that's how you say sorry for making Pizza look like cardboard? I don't think I would ever order from them again unless they offer me a free pizza that taste better than the one I bought.Toto is the best pizza in the NW part of Philly. From their tangy, cheesy thin crust pizza to their fresh and hearty cheesesteaks. Their chicken Parmesan is excellent, like homemade. They are a bit pricey but once you take a bite, you don't mind. I will always order from them!I was there today with my 8yr old son. Turns out there was an incident in the parking lot that the staff was watching through their glass door. A man had pulled a gun on another man in the course of an argument. My son and I walked out into the parking lot not realizing what they were all watching. Honestly I can't believe the fact that they did not say anything to us as we walked out into that. Also the pizza was super greasy.This was my second time patronizing Totos' pizzeria on Green Street. On my first occasion my food was not ready when promised and the wait was longer than it should have been. Today was my second visit and upon my arrival something was wrong with the register and the girls told me i couldn't use cash . finally i get home and my buffalo wings were as tough as leather
 I called the store explained the situation she asked me to hold for manager then the same woman came back to the phone and told me she didn't lnow what to do sorry she said
 Can u imagine such gteat customer serviceAfter waiting over two and half hours for our pizza to be delivered, we received our pizza. You would think since they took two hours to "perfect" this pizza it would be utter perfection. WRONG! all the cheese on the pizza was on the top of the box. What a disappointment. I would NEVER order from here or ever recommend anyone to go here. I can hand make you a better pizza and get it to you in a timely manner. How this place is still in business is beyond me.Not sure what happened to this place in the last few months. Maybe new owners. The service is so bad that I am tempted to not go in there at all anymore. The girls behind the counter are so rude and could care less a about the customers. You can't understand them on the phone. This place used to be so good to go to. Pizza is still good but not worth it to have to deal with the customer service.This place is 6 min away from my house, the very first time I ordered from here I called at 8:42pm , I was told my food should be there in 35-45 min, After about an hour I called back and the lady who answered said the driver is on its way it's is almost 10:30 and they're closed and I'm still waiting on my food, Don't waste your timeOrdered a pizza... Asked for a crispier crust. Pizza was basically soup... Everything literally falls off the pizza. The cheese, meats, and you're left w/nothing but a soggy crust that's paper thin. Just awful all around.Great pizza place.  The owner is very accomodating. My son and I stumbled in to get shelter from the storm last week and we are glad we did.  We are ordering delivery this week and will try their wings.This is a small, neighborhood place, probably doing mostly a take-out business. You can find more gourmet pizza than this, but Toto's is more of a broad-spectrum pizzeria. The kind of place you would appreciate taking your daughter with her BFF's on her 12th birthday. They do have pizza by the slice available, and so when the pizza hound in the family needed a quick fix recently,Toto's came through for us. You know when the pizza fix is really needed - "don't bother heating those slices!" The crust was very nicely thin, and on the plain cheese, a good ratio of cheese. I eyed the pizzas on the counter somewhat suspiciously, as they seemed too built up with toppings. But I haven't tried them, so I will withhold judgment. I will say that the ingredients looked appealingly fresh. I give them highest marks for such a clean, spotless operation, and the staff was friendly and very welcoming. I would not hesitate to come back.i have eat there firs time the pizza its very tasty,
 people very friendly 
i do recommend to try it outOrdered through GrubHub tonight.  Order was placed at 6:15 and expected delivery was 7:25-7:35.  We called the restaurant at 8:15 and were told our food was made and out for delivery (we live 2 miles from the restaurant).  At 9:10 we left the house to go get something to eat before everything else closed.  Toto's never showed, never called, and refused to refund.  Will not order from these jokers again.XL pineapple and bacon pizza
Not to be confused with the Hawaiian, it's always good by them, even when they rush an emergency one through because they accidentally made a Hawaiian the first time. Seriously good pie, service is questionable, but the pineapple and bacon pie comes through every time.Pizza was Good!!! The Salad SUCKED!!!!
We ordered a half Veggie  Pizza which was great! I also ordered a salad 
that SUCKED!!! Brown lettuce, brown celery and dried up carrots:/ NEVER AGAIN!!!Good pizza.
Friendly service. Everything i have had from here has been good. It's no 'In Riva'
But it makes a good lunch stop.web order placed, 4 items.  wait  30 minutes for order & end of football game.  pick up the order.  oops, they forgot the onion rings. them: "can you wait for the onion rings?"  me: no.  get refund.  them: thank you.  (no "sorry").  get home: mozzarella sticks over cooked & pizza undercooked.  not pleased.I am VERY sad to say we just can't order from Toto's anymore. Ill be honest, the pizza is really good, and is our favorite in the area. Unfortunately, the ordering and delivery process is a huge pain in the butt far too often. Several Times we have called and been left on hold for huge amounts of time and completely forgotten while we listen to the girl who answers the phone have a personal conversation in the background.. A few times our pizza order took well over an hour with not even an apology when we called to inquire. Twice, their online ordering system failed to work and our food never came even though we were charged. Another time we called in our order and when we called an hour later they had forgotten our order entirely. Finally, there were two occasions where they brought the wrong food completely. 
Why have we tried so many times? The pizza is the best we've found in the area. Unfortunately it's just not worth the hassle. As I type I'm waiting for an order I put in well over an hour ago...and when we called...the girl told us it was only 45 min. We didn't even argue. Just not worth it to eat from Toto's. Bummed.First time ordering from Toto's and did so online through Menufy. Delivery took about 20 mins longer than was estimated, no big deal. Cheerful delivery guy. My Hawaiian pizza with added mozzarella and artichokes (these, as is virtually always the case, came out of a can) was remarkably laden with ingredients, a feast for the eyes. It was rich and flavorful but the crust was quite sodden except around the edges. Also, the crust (white flour) had a peculiar flavor; it tasted like saltines or pretzels, distractingly so. I like pizza crust to have a pleasingly yeasty flavor and to not be overly salted. My partner's stromboli was a beautiful immense crescent, a burnished golden tone (do they paint it with an egg wash?). Inside were copious amounts of mozzarella, mushrooms, bell peppers, fresh spinach and eggplant, but also an overly generous helping of ricotta, which made it sloppy and quite difficult to serve and eat. The white-flour stromboli shell also had that odd saltine-pretzel flavor and, like the pizza, was breadlike rather than doughlike (did not have the typical chewiness). Overall the pizza and stromboli were not bad; they were just overladen/overfilled and sloppy, tricky to serve and eat, and the crust could use some tweaking to correct the flavor and give it that chewy-crisp quality.I moved to Mt Airy a few months ago. I've tried a few places around the area. After trying Toto's I have no reason to keep looking. Their pizza and cheesesteaks are great!! The staff and I believe it's the owner are very friendly. My only compliment is that it says wheat dough on menu but whenever I've called they're out of it.. Wheat dough issues aside, it's a delicious neighborhood place with fantastic flavor and quality."Avoid Friday nights if you are hungry."
Also Thursdays.  
So maybe I was too forgiving in first review. Toto, you need to improve your timing or organization or something! Your food is too good to be a source of frustration and exasperation for your customers.This place is the worst!  They took forever to deliver my order.  Showed up and the order was wrong.  My fries were so cold, and the food all together was horrible.  I called to complain, the woman who answered said she's not the person who got the order wrong and they had a lot of orders.  She was excusing the poor service with volume.  I explained to her that she was representing the company so whether she got it wrong or not, she should take the necessary steps to correct it.  She then told me it would be another 30 minutes before bringing my correct order and they are only 1 minute from my house.  She then got an attitude when I mentioned the timeframe not being sufficient since I already had to wait an hour for the wrong order to be delivered.  There was no reason they shouldn't have made my order a priority.  I spent over $50 in one order. My money doesn't seem welcome here and after the service I received, I will no longer be ordering from here.  I don't recommend you order from here either.We order from totos once a week, minimum. Enjoy the guys that work there and pizza is pretty good.My patience has worn thin.  I think I'm done with Toto's for good.  I went in for a simple slice of pizza the other night and I waited for 15 minutes for the counter person to figure out the register. It looked like a cave woman  seeing fire for the first time. I just left.I can only speak for the eggplant parmesan, which is delicious. The serving I got for takeout was huge and included bread and a salad. If it weren't so good that I wanted to eat a ton of it, it could last three mealsI hate to bring down the ratings with my experience, but there's a disclaimer that I did not try the pizzas yet and have only had their specialty sandwiches (which are hoagies). I'll have to try the pizza some other time. Inside looked pretty well kept for a local pizzeria and the outside looks nice. It's in a small plaza with 2-3 other shops -- a cleaner and Family Dollar. 
I got the Godfather Special which was proscuitto, fresh mozzarella, soppressata, red onions (a lot!), and roasted peppers. All the ingredients sounds good, but it was just meh and really bland. I had to add my own oregano when I got home to get some extra seasoning. The bread was really soft and chewy, but guess it's better than being stale. The mozzarella had no flavor.
I never knew how good I had it when I was close to Cut Above Deli or Cosmi's Deli until now.Great spot! I love their chicken parm! Pizza is really good too. So are the hoagies! I think I will try everything on the menu atleast once, but haven't found a bad dish yet. Thanks God they deliver to my area!UPDATE:  Dropping to one star after repeated screw ups and insanely long (2-3 hour) delivery times.  Orders put in online should not have mistakes like wrong toppings or incorrect items.  If anything it should improve performance by removing any kind of mis-hearing.
My favorite pizza in Mt Airy with good cheese steaks to boot.
My only complaint is when they start to get busy they completely fall apart organizationally.  Orders take forever, come out wrong or are forgotten.  Walking in to even pick up a pie on a Saturday or Friday would make you think they were the premier pizza place in the city.
Love their pizza still, but getting it can be impossible.Toto's used to be a great option for delivery. Recently, their delivery service has deteriorated. The last two times I ordered from them have confirmed that they have lost me as a customer. Seriously, they f**ked up two of my orders IN A ROW. 
Screwup #1: I ordered 2 slices of pepperoni pizza. When the order came, I opened the box and saw two slices of undercooked plain pizza, covered in raw flour, and a single pepperoni thrown in the box.
Screwup #2: it took an hour and a half for me to get my order. When it arrived, my meatball parm sub was cold and the bread was slimy and soggy. I nearly threw up, when I took a bite. I ended up throwing out the entire sub. For that error, they were "kind" enough to refund me $3. That disgusting sandwich cost a bit more than that. 
In a nutshell: order delivery at your own risk.I placed two orders - one online, then when I called the lady said they were having problems with the system.  So I placed an order over the phone. Then it took another hour to get that order processed and delivered. The food is not worth waiting for more than two hours. I'll go elsewhere.Where do I start.  I like Toto's pizza, it's made from quality ingredients you can tell.  It's not greasy and the crust is really good and you can get a wheat crust as well.  My son's favorite is the buffalo chicken....that's not really my taste.  I like the fact that they have an array of pizzas to choose from to just get a slice.  My favorite is the white pizza with ricotta and basil.  
I live in the neighborhood and this is Mt Airy at its finest.  The owner and staff are super friendly no request is a problem.  The neighborhood kids stop in after school and get pizza and are welcomed and taught a lesson or two should they get out of hand (imagine that).  
Great neighborhood pizza joint!I'm not sure which Italian Hoagie Jen L. ordered, but I'm assuming that it wasn't the Italian Special with oil and vinegar and no mayo. Because I love that sandwich. Before I gave up tomatoes I loved their pizza. Not the best in the world, but definitely the best I've had in the neighborhood. 
I also like the place itself. It's nice to have a pizza joint in the area where you can actually sit and eat your meal. It's a little annoying that the TV is always blaring in the evening. If you don't want to watch the game one had best order take out. 
I hope they keep up the good work and solid food. I will say that the service is always sufficient, but pretty spotty. It is more often pleasant than not though.I don't get why people love this place.. or maybe I just tried them on an off day . I ordered a cheese pizza for delivery and on top of the fact that it was cold it  was bland .. I warmed it up in my oven and nothing ..same bland taste ....The cheese,the sauce everything was tasteless and rubbery .. sorry yelp u ruined my dinner ... YUUCK!My previous review highlighted the problems this restaurant had delivering food on time.  I'm happy to report that they've improved their service. I hope it continues.I just ordered from Toto's.  I ordered a pepperoni pizza.  It's not bad. It's not greasy.  It's a little bland though.
I guess that's all I have to say about it!Totos has seriously gone downhill since I moved away in 2014, and came back in March 2016. All the pies are still great, but they're outlandishly expensive comparatively to other shops in the area.
I know times have changed, but when a large pepperoni pizza cost you nearly $20 it's time to rethink your diet. Thankfully, the Walnut Lane bridge has reopened and I can drive a crossed again to get Fiesta II pizza once more. It's a 5 minute drive instead of a walk from the train, but an 8 dollar difference is substantial. And the pizza isn't that good here to warrant the difference.
In addition: I don't know who does the hiring at Toto's, but seriously: you guys need to learn how to train these kids in "customer service". The last four times I've come in, they've either messed up my order, forgotten it, or are too busy talking amongst themselves to wait on me. 
I've moved on. Hopefully Toto's will catch a hint and fix this dilemma before it's too late.I've eaten from here a few times,but the last couple of times my order was not  right. I don't know if they have new people making the food orders or not. I decide to give it one more chance, but when I got there...I saw a roach. I will never open Toto's door again.My husband and I sometimes order from Totos and th food is good, nothing amazing.   This past weekend however,  when we ordered, the delivery guy came with only half of our order.  He went back for the rest but there were still items missing and he brought us the wrong drinks.  We were told that our money would be refunded but are now getting the run around.  What a horrible experience. We will never order from there again.  Clearly no one ever told them the customer is always right.  What a mess.pizza here is good however the cheese steaks are sooooo delicious!!! I usually just pick up and its very much worth the travel there. meat isnt super chewy as it can be at some places and they use the perfect amount of cheese! oh my goodness,  im ordering as I type this. so good, I just love it!