One of my favorite pizza places late at night in Philly.  You can even get anchovies!  Tasty!This place sent me the wrong order TWICE!  The delivery driver yelled at me and then drove away. So I'm screwed out of my money and I have no food. Fuck these guys!  Too bad I can't leave a ZERO star review!Have gotten two pizzas here recently & am puzzled by the negative reviews. Not only do I like the pizza, but I share it widely & it's liked by others (believe me, they'd speak up). Crisp crust, generous toppings, reasonable prices. No more attitude here than at any other Philadelphia establishment. No reason to go elsewhere.All other reviews of this place are spot on. If you're out way late, drunk, hungry and out of options, eat here.Good because it is open late night, but look out for the people working there, or more specifically, look out for the kids/nephews of the owner. I was in there late night a few weeks ago - I rode over on my bike. I had forgotten my bike lock, so I brought it inside and placed it off to the side, not in anyone's way. I turned my head back every minute or so to make sure it was there. After waiting for 15 minutes, I turned around and shockingly it was gone! I bolted out the door, looked left and looked right - no bike in sight. I looked more closely to the left and saw a bike tire poking out of the alley next door. I ran over and found the owner's kids/nephews had taken the bike and were trying to hide it. When I questioned them about it, they said their dad/uncle told them to take it. WTF? I am never eating at this place again!Can't address their delivery issues, since I'm nearby and pick up my order. I got pizzas recently from Tower Style while my spouse was away. The lady running the shop in the afternoon was friendly and efficient, and the pizzas were excellent. I shared each pizza with several people. All liked it (free pizza, right?), and two ordered some of their own later. For pizza, at least, I'd give this place a try.Post-bar pizza.  That's what it is, and that's what it's good for.  I stop in here every other week or so at the 12-3am mark, and for a couple bucks, it always hits the spot.Aaron is the man. Great customer service. 
Will be coming back again and he needs a raise. 
Philly cheese steak was the best. You come to Philly u must get a Philly cheese steak completely different flavor then a cali Philly cheese steak.  
From CaliforniaStopped in for a slice and a cheesesteak. I was scared by the reviews but was pleasantly surprised. The bread was great and fresh and lots of good fried onions.Blech.
Not even the buzz off several pints of cider and a shot of whiskey could save a cheesesteak from this place.
Awful bread, barely any meat, and although we were both charged for extra whiz, there was hardly a generous slather. A extremely gruff owner/ counter person made this experience very lackluster. Please do not yell at your employees in front of customers. You're an owner of a pizza joint, not a drill sergeant.
I do give this place 2 stars due to the fact that it's open late and right around the corner from my local. So when the boozey munchies hit after one too many, you're at least somewhat covered, but I doubt I'll return for their steaks.Really crappy pizza.  Even worse, my delivery took an hour and twenty minutes.  When I called and asked where the delivery man was, I got nothing but attitude from them.  Definitely avoid this place if at all possible.Appallingly bad service, and even more disappointing food. My friends and I made the mistake of ordering delivery from Tower last night, based on the Seamless app estimation of 35-45 minutes.
After 45 minutes, no sign of our food. Within the entire HOUR and forty-five minutes it took to be delivered, I called a few times only to be rudely told it was only a few minutes away. I was debating asking for the refund, but regretfully assumed this would cause more trouble than it was worth.
When it finally arrived, it was anything but worth the wait - ice cold, undercooked pizza. I'm not sure what was in that random spring roll that got thrown in our order, but the more I think about it, the more I want to vomit everywhere.
My body hates me today for not only consuming this garbage, but also the fact I stayed up so late waiting around for it when I could have been sleeping.
Save your time and your money!!!Not the place to go for late night munchies in the summer time.  When it's already hot and humid outside, they should probably have AC.  Coupled with a hot kitchen and you're in for a sweaty mess waiting for your food.  Pizza slices are pretty quick, but wings take a while.  Open late and dirt cheap, two positives = 2 stars.BLECH. I won't miss this place. I wouldn't eat here again even if I was desperate for a slice. If you're THAT hungry, make the short walk to Old Nelson and get something better.This is easily the worst pizza I've ever had.  Went here late last night and tried to order an entire pizza - to which they told me no as they were making fresh cheesesteaks for other customers.  This place is open until 4 AM and I showed up around 1 AM.  I guess they don't make fresh pizza after a certain time.  I was, however, entertained by the rabbit ears tv antenna they had hanging from the ceiling suspending by a wire hanger that connected to a flat screen tv that was bigger than the cooler it sat on top of.  Priorities.Ordered late night for food after work on grub hub. Delivery time was 45 minutes and food never showed up. Glad that I was going to use cash. I called the place 3 times and was assured the food was on the way. On the 4th time calling, I didn't get a response. Don't ever order food here ever. I never got the food but from the rest of the reviews I will assume it would have been terrible. I wish I could give this place 0 stars.Now I'm a cook I understand busy . This is the worst pizza shop to order food from . Ok I used grubhub it kept kicking me off for a reason . So I call them at 12:01am I order turkey cheese hoagie with everything but no sweet pepper the lettuce was brown and the tomatoes was spoiled . My burger didn't have mayo ketup . My boss side salad lettuce was brown his croutons was burn something with the tomatoes wedge was spoiled too . We ask for a Vinegar base they gave us blue cheese we order ff never got them . The drive was rude didn't come until 2:20am that's 2 1/2hrs until our order got there the lady told me 30-40mins I was ok with that . I called 3 time to cancel our order they never pick back up . Ruba Club will never support them again . Fact I didn't want to give them a star but I had to post this !!Worst service and food I've ever had. The lady was mean to us and the chicken wings we ordered were rotten. Yuk!Worst delivery service. We're over an hour late, cash only and did not say that, pizza was cold, they forgot half our order, the guy on the phone was VERY rude!Awesome cheese steak. They pretty much make whatever you want, however you want. Told the owner I was from out of town, and his place was reccomended by someone who worked at the hotel I was staying at. He was very cool, and threw in a basket of fries on the house. Coming from NYC, that shows goodwill. Fries were delicious also. Nice, clean place. Highly reccomended. Don't bother with the tourist trap steak places. The best steaks are in the pizzarias. And start at this place!Where do I begin????? I didn't even get to taste the food. Let's start with that. I placed an order for delivery at about 1:50 AM. Late, yes, but when you're up studying and you're on a roll some food and coffee will take you through. When I called and placed my order, I was told it was cash only. Okay fine I can dig that especially since it's one of  the only places open at this hour willing to deliver. I was told 30-45 minutes. 
After a whole hour and no food I decided to call. They hung up on me and told me that they couldn't deliver to me because I was too far. I called back and this time (same guy since the very first phone call) said oh yeah your food is on the way, he already left. At this point I've made up my mind that they probably aren't coming with anything and after about 15 minutes of studying, I decided to call it a night. No food, no fuel. In the time I waited for them I could have made a quick run to the Wawa or 7 eleven to put something in my stomach.
As I lay in bed, low and behold 3 calls from the delivery driver at 4 AM telling me that my food is here. I finally picked up the 3rd after listening to the voicemail they'd left and I simply told him that I ordered well over 2 hours ago and no longer want the food. 
NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER! ORDER FROM HERE. In my short life I have never had an experience such as this. Perhaps because I am used to the late night spots and efficiency I can find in NYC and DC  when I need my late night junk food fix, but Philly definitely disappointed. Tower Style Pizza most of all. I feel lucky to have not tried the food since other reviewers found it simply disgusting. At least no money wasted here, just time.I have absolutely no complaints about this place. I mean. What more do you want guys? No, it's not the best pizza joint, but it's far from being the worst. I see a lot of the other yelpers say they've gone here in a drunken stupor and probably don't know if they were eating pizza or dog food but I am happy to report that the two times I went here, I was far from drunk. In fact, I wasn't even drinking. I was just up late at nite coming from this place or that place and hungry as hell. Tower style pizza (whatever the hell tower style is, well, the jury's still out on that one...) certainly satisfied the craving. Just stick to getting a good ol' plain slice or maybe one topping and you'll be good as gravy. I mean, at 2am you're just tryin to get rid of the hunger pangs, not get full, right? A slice or two will do ya good.We went to this pizza place and it sucked so bad. At one point no one was even working there after the counter person left the building without any warning and there was just a stone-faced muslim woman in full garb sitting behind the counter staring blankly over the lobby, and the queue of clueless customers grew and grew but they refused to leave. It was truly my vision of hell.They have, hands down, the best wing dings in all of Philadelphia. My ex and I used to make late night trips (2am trips mind you) just to pick up an order of these guys. Needless to say, the relationship ended, I moved to a different state, and since moving back to the city I made it a point to revisit these wings - they did not disappoint!
Great place to swing by for some munchies after the bars close down.I was hungry for pizza and I had been warned that I should avoid this place but I try to give every place a chance.  My mistake.
I ordered two slices of pizza and a soda.  The staff was nice but seemed a little off, place was not very clean.  The pizza was dry, old and tasteless.  I will not be returning.I created an account just for this disgusting experience. The food took FOREVER and the crust was dirty cardboard with globs of "cheese" and "sauce" on top. It was also stuck to the box. I might throw up.The only reason why this place gets an extra .5 star from me is because it is one of the only places still open when you're drunk and have the munchies.  Anything tastes great at that point but this place is like any typical 99c pizza hole in wall in Manhattan--there's a thin layer of pizza crust, maybe some tomato sauce and a very thin layer of cheese.  Right out of the oven, it is decent.  Throw on a thick layer of parmesan cheese, red pepper flakes, and oregano and voila!
I've tried some of their hoagies here and they're ok.  Overall, it's a really grungy place and some sketchy characters are always around.  The guys behind the counter are always yelling at someone which can be either entertaining or very annoying.I have never received such terrible customer service. The driver calls me asking for directions and I tell him exactly how to get here. He was two blocks so I went outside to wait. When he arrives he goes on to shove the paper in my face yelling and screaming in my face because he could not find the address. The sauce for the calzone was ice cold, the dough was not fully cooked, and the salad was huge but came with an extremely tiny cup of dressing. Needless to say I will NEVER order from here again.Ordered while I was in Philadelphia and the menu looked good. However it took over an hour for 2 sandwiches and drinks which they gave me the wrong drinks and a desert I didn't order .I will NEVER eat here again. Whenever I was in the mood for greasy takeout this suited me just fine however it was a walk past Tower Style Pizza early one evening that turned me away.
There was quite a scene in the alley next to a building. There was a car pulled in just far enough just to keep its rear end off of the street and there was a woman in a wheelchair stopped in front yelling "call the cops, I don't care!" to the driver who was out of the car on the phone with the police. I don't know the whole story but people were pausing as they walked by to see what was going on. One of the guys who works at Tower leaned out of the side door (which was right next to the woman in the wheel chair) and threw a bucked of water on her like she was an animal. I don't think I can even convey how disgusting the scene was. This guy who worked there just dumped water on this woman like she was a rat in the alley. I refuse to give money to an establishment who treated a person who posed no threat, like an animal. I really hope this dissuades people from going. If you need late night food Old Nelson is right around the corner and open 24hrs and there are pizza places every other block.STAY AWAY!
This place is dirty and horrible customer service.  I went there for lunch on Friday, July 31st. It was noon.  Nobody was in the store but the cashier.  That's a bad sign on a Friday during lunch time.  She was rude and acted like she didn't want to serve me.  I was still looking over the menu when another customer came in and asked for a slice of pizza.  I watched the cashier take the money then go pick up the pizza with her hands and put it in the oven.  I asked her to wash her hands prior to making my food.  She began to argue with me, I asked to speak to the manager, she said there was no manager.  I left and told her I wouldn't be back.To be honest, not sure what "tower style pizza" is but so far I've enjoyed there buffalo chicken and regular slices.  The staff isn't the friendliest, but there "don't bother me" attitudes kind of work for the late-night pizza scene.I always order the same thing from this place and I have to say they have never let me down.  I know that the reviews aren't great for this restaurant but I think that you get exactly what you are paying for at tower style pizza.I'VE NEVER FELT SO VIOLATED IN MY LIFE.  I'm sorry, I cannot comment on the pizza.  But I can comment on the staff.  I walked in, smiling as always, and went up to the counter and looked at the menu for a few seconds.  Noticing the salad's came in large and small, I asked the bald man with a mustache and heavy accent, who was snarling at me for some reason, to please show me what size the large is.  I think this was a valid request -- seeing as how hungry I was, I wanted to be sure this would be enough.  THEN HE CAME AT ME.  This man widened his eyes... slammed his hands on the counter, leaned in at me and screamed - honestly I swear on my own life he Screamed - SMALL AND LARGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  He was about 2 feet away from my face.  In that moment, I thought he was going to hit me.  I gasped, my eyes welled up and I turned around and ran away.  
I don't think I can ever even look at this place again without my heart jumping.  I'll forever cross the street to avoid walking by it.  I cannot express enough that this man's actions were a SERIOUS threat to my personal safety and I am still contemplating reporting him to the authorities.  
To people who are alone and go in there inebriated at night, PLEASE BE CAREFUL.  I am not a naive little girl, I have lived alone in the city for 3.5 years, and know when someone is not right in the head.  This man is not right in the head.  If a slice of pizza (mediocre from what I've heard) is worth being violated... then okay. 
good luck.I ordered pizza, a bottle of water and cheese fries through Grubhub fromTower  around 11:40. Was told to expect delivery between 12:05 and 12:15. At around 12:50 I became frustrated and called the restaurant to see where my order was and was told that the driver had left and would be 5 minutes (also, I live about 3 blocks away), by a woman who seemed annoyed by my call. 6 minutes later I received a call from the driver who I thought was outside, but he advised he was about 3 minutes away. 6 minutes later, he arrived, without the bottle of water that I ordered. I called Grubhub and told them about the extreme lateness and the missing bottle of water and they were very helpful and said they'd get me a credit for the water and compensate me with Grubhub credit for the lateness. A few minutes later, the woman at Grubhub called me back and said that the woman at Tower was being very pushy and that the driver was 2 minutes away with my water (again, live 3 blocks away, 2 minutes is probably at the store). I refused the water and insisted on the credit. I would have been ok with it had she (the woman at Tower) not been rude to me earlier when I called about the status of my order.  Also, the pizza is crap. (Crust sucks, among other things) I will not be ordering from here again.The nastiest pizza I have ever had. Pizza is not fresh at all. Went their in the evening and just gave me old pizza. Got sick after eating the pizza.Pizza is pretty weak, and $3 a slice? 
Horrible service. Seems like an inconvenience to them for you to be in there.
DIRTY. Everything is dirty.
Dude working there was screaming a very inappropriate story to another man across the room which consisted of every other word being F**k.Have gotten delivery from tower a couple times ( open late) but it's not the best tasting and certainly hasn't been delivered warm.  But last night I made a delivery order at 1am (close at 2) and it never showed up. I called and the rude person said itd be there but literally never came.I just came here after having one too many mojitos at Alma de Cuba. My slice of cheese was DELICIOUS. So, 5 stars, obviously.Pizza, not gourmet.
As a late night spot, I'll take what I can get. Appx $5 for a slice of sausage pizza. A bit cold and greasy and (gasp) stale?, but as I said, at 1AM, I'll take what I can get.
2 stars for opening late.If you like your pizza greasy, without too much sauce... this must be the place. While the aforementioned description might sound derogatory, fear not, Towers Style is busy from open to close, and their plain cheese pizza slices are great on blistering cold Philadelphia days. 
The staff is extremely friendly, and seat and serve you before you pay - pretty unique for a formica booth type joint. It's a great cheap place to watch Philly pass you by on a busy afternoon.Ordered a plain large pizza on seamless. Driver called, I came outside.  See driver walking back to car and driving away.  Call driver, told to "come to F*&king store" to get my pizza.  Call store, talk to manager, get hung up on.  Never again. 
Terrible Cheesesteaks as well, but that is a separate review.This is probably the last place that comes to mind when ordering pizza. However, it's the first place that comes to mind for pizza at the end of a night out.  They are open late and perfect for drunk food. Can order by the slice or whole pie. I haven't tried anything but the pizza so the rating does not reflect their other options.Best pizza I've had in Center City.
I've had good pizza and mediocre pizza here, I think it's best when it's made fresh.  They also have something called a "gizmo" that's basically sauce and cheese on a toasted roll - a handheld pizza.  Pretty clever.
The staff here are really nice, too.Never order from here... Was charged twice on a credit card statement for food that never arrived.I regret ever stepping foot into this "restaurant," what a horrible disgusting experience. Next time I need a late night bite I will just starve until other restaurants open in the morning. How this place hasn't been shut down by either the health department or pissed off clientele I have no idea. I wish you could give a zero rating on Yelp. Stay away!This place delivered my food hours later, in a size small instead of large. Needless to say, we were extremely hungry and disappointed when they finally arrived.Never had their food. Never will. Neither will you if you order delivery from grubhub. After 90 minutes of no communication, I called and the person answering the phone might have been telling me that the delivery guy wasn't there yet, or that he was. Who knows? The guy speaks about 4 words of English, and he'll yell them over you while you're trying to talk. I opted to go to the gas station near me, get a bag of chips, and I think I made the better decision.The only reason for you to come here is that it's after 11pm and all the other places are closed.
This place is really 2 stars but I don't want the only place in the neighborhood that serves late-nite pizza to close down.Having traveled far and wide and sampled what I would consider the best pizza anywhere in the world, I'm puzzled by the low reviews.  This place not be top-tier, but it is still a pretty good pizza place.  It is also open really late at night.  It has thin-crust style pizza...not quite as good as the top-notch stuff in New Haven, CT, but it's getting up there, especially among Philly's more modest pizza offerings.
Pizza can be bought by the slice and is reasonably priced.  There's a good offering of toppings, including my favorite of fresh tomato and spinach.
No complaints!It's 1:53 AM, and my group of friends are craving pizza at this point. I go to my Yelp app, and Tower comes up within walking distance. Despite all the bad reviews on service and the quality of pizza, we were able to pay and eat several slices of pizza within thirty minutes of when we arrived. Not bad at all! Perhaps it helped that it wasn't as crowded, and we were able to grab a table. 
By the way, it's cash only, and they had several pizza-by-the-slice options available: Cheese, mushroom, sausage, broccoli, and cheesesteak.Always super friendly to me .pleasure to deal with.steaks are very good.Worst pizza ever. Bought a Groupon, used half of it. Horrible, and with attitude to bootIt's hard to go wrong with cheap pizza. But it's cheap pizza. It'll fill you up, but it's nothing to write home about.
The guys there are friendly, but I'd rather hike the 5 blocks to Mama Angelina's and pay an extra dollar. 
There's usually a movie going when you come in late at night. Crowded seating as wellI ordered a plain pizza and 45 minutes later a cold partially eaten pizza with meat on it was delivered???!! They didnt care and just said they would send a new pizza in a half hour...  never order from them unless you like your food cold and half eatenOrdered from here on Grubhub the other day as a "we're going to be drunk and hungry later" safeguard. Just got a large plain pizza, nothin too fancy. 
The pizza was delivered within a half an hour, was on the huge-ish side, pretty cheap, and honestly pretty decent. Let's put it this way, it could have been waaaaay worse. I'd order from here again if drunk/desperate. Maybe not even that desperate.Lets be real, everything here is terrible and not even worth a third of the cost.
Tower style has only been a recipient of my business for being the only place open after the sloppiest of nights.
No matter how intoxicated you are, the pizza here hardly tastes like food.  
0 stars for taste and service.  1 star for the end of the night conversations that might not have ever happened without the existence of this place.  Another 1/2 for the diverse drunken people watching opportunities.  The last 1/2 star is for how much fun I have discussing how this place can exist on prime Rittenhouse real estate.
So Two Towers, I thank you for being open after 2am, offering food that I want in theory, and just being you.Not much else to say, considering they never delivered my order....ho hum guess I'll sleep off the hunger.Oh how i wish I had read these reviews before ordering from this place via GrubHub.
Order: 1 medium pizza with sausage and onion.
1 curly fries
1 diet 2-liter
1 chocolate cheesecake
1 raspberry cheesecake.
So when they first came they forgot the chocolate cheesecake. Then I opened the raspberry cheesecake and it was HARD AS A ROCK. I took a video:
http://www.jamesbradford.us/cheesecake.MOV
Then they came back with the chocolate cheesecake except it wasn't chocolate cheesecake, it was just plain chocolate cake. And it was spoiled. I took a bite and it was rancid.
The fries were a soggy lump and tasted almost vinegary.
The pizza was...fine. What I expected for 4AM pizza. The crusts are CLEARLY pre-bought, not made on site.
A waste of money in every way. GrubHub had to give me back a partial refund in credit.Let's be frank. 
If you take your date to a swanky ethnic dinner, imbibe in really classy cocktails at a James Bond style bar and then offer her a stay at the Ritz, you'll probably get lucky.
...unless you take her to Tower Style Pizza...in which case you've screwed yourself.
(On the flip side, the pizza isn't terrible, and it's just fine for late night drunk munchies.)I'm not sure I have much to add, but I think that the 2.5 star rating is misleading, so I'm doing my part to weight this down to where I think it belongs. 
I have been here on three occassions, twice drunk, then a third time sober.  The times I came drunk, I realized it wasn't very good pizza, but hell it was 2AM, I was hungry, and this was warm and cheesy - thereby serving its purpose.
But upon my sober return I realized how truly terrible this pizza really is.  You can make your own at home.  Start with a lousy flavorless crust - a soggy cereal box will do.  Add almost no sauce (you can skip it if you don't have any), and some cheap ass cheese.  Honestly, I tried tasting the cheese pizza, it has next to no flavor.  I was reaching for the red pepper, oregano, garlic powder, parmesan - anything to put some flavor on it.  All while swearing to myself I would never return.
This city in general has drastic room for improvement in late-night dining options.  It seems to me there are quite a few hungry people roaming the streets at 2AM Thurs-Sat - and a row of food trucks would be so money.  Right where the farmers market is on Rittenhouse.  Ahhh that would be so nice... 
What the fuck is "Tower Style", anyway?Worst pizza I've ever had in the city. All the employees look bored and It looks like the place hasn't been changed since the late 80's/ early 90's. Everything looks muted and dusty and im not talking just the décor...If I could not give 1 star, I wouldn't. A friend of mine was severely discriminated against at this establishment and the cops were even involved and sadly were of no help. 
It is unfortunate that today people aren't valued for their warm smiles and demeanor but only judged by their race and race ONLY. I WILL NEVER PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT! I encourage others to think before they spend their hard earned honest money on ill willed and outright ugly individual's businesses.Mis-spent a lot of my mis-spent youth eating pizza from Tower.  It is the pizza of drag queens, at least the ones I hung around with in high school--when we didn't feel like hanging in the gayborhood after the Attic closed.  
I've gone back recently and it's O.K. pizza, but the memories I have eating it growing up will keep me coming back :)Awesome for staying open late but pizza quality isn't what you want.
I'm fairly sure their crust is premade - when you order a pie to go you see them grab it, throw sauce on it and whatever you want.  Seriously!?!?!?! This is acceptable in Philadelphia? I'm confused - we're Philadelphia.  This shouldn't be allowed.I was up pretty late and wanted some dinner so I walked around and found this place.  I ordered a cheese steak.  It was ready in 5 minutes.  It tasted good, but I'm not too picky with cheese steaks.  The bread was good, the steak was good, the cheese was good, not too much or too little of anything.  Good deal for less than $6.
While I was waiting, I watched part of Spider Man 3 on a huge flat screen TV hung on the wall.  And the guy working there seemed nice enough.
I would probably come back if I was hungry at night.First off, I can't speak for the pizza. The one and only (probably the last) time I ate pizza here was at New Years and I was a drunken mess with little to no memory of the food and/or the fight that I instigated...
Now... on that note! Why the stars? Because Tower has the best god-awful greasy but crispy chicken wings. This is a statement I stand by drunk or sober. I am not sure how they get that light crisp on their chicken wings but their batter must be made of crack because damn I'm addicted. I only opt to eat here when I'm desperate for that piping hot bite of freshly fried wings -or- when it's cold outside at 2am and I'm suffering some drunken munchies. Otherwise, pick up these babies to go - the scenery anywhere else is bound to be more pleasing to the eye. The place is pretty grotty & their bathroom is rarely supplied with toilet paper.
Word to the wise: If you are in here at that witching hour (aka 2am when the bars close) and the place is packed to the gills, it's survival of the strongest. Best to stand by and wait to hear your order shouted and grab your food otherwise you are more than likely gonna be waiting awhile like Vichet O (below review). 
In sum: Grab your wings & go. And if you are slow on the grab - I just might snatch your order from you ;)The pizza is pretty delicious, but I half don't feel as though these people deserve my business. The guy completely tried to rip me off! Blatantly! TWICE!
It's a shame it's so good..because I'm still peeved!If zero stars was an option, that would be the selection here.
Every slice they had in the place was obviously a pathetic attempt at creating something resembling pizza. The dough wasn't entirely cooked, the cheese wasn't melted at all. $3.00 for a buffalo chicken slice would be fine, but not when it tastes like the cheapest ingredients that were, as I mentioned earlier, obviously not entirely cooked. I ate a few pieces of chicken and maybe 1/3 of the cheese, crust and "dough", then tossed the rest.
 Completely unclean, every table was covered in grease. There was a fly INSIDE the oregano shaker on the counter, there were flies in the bathroom. The soap dispenser in the bathroom had no soap in it. So, how then would employees wash their hands? Well, I doubt they would given the general state of everything else I saw in the place.
Let's also point out the fact that "Tower Style" is pathetic attempt to reference New York City style Pizza as a selling point for their sad excuse for "pizza". Besides which, THE tower(s), yes there were two, no longer exist. Kind of a dumb thing to keep your business named after something that remind people of the worst act of terrorism that our country has ever experienced. On that point, is the "real" Philadelphia Pizza so lacking that someone would think they couldn't just make a fake Italian family name or something, instead of "Tower Style". Ridiculous!
Furthermore, no prices were listed on the above-head menu boards.
I have never in my life stopped eating a slice of pizza, this place take the crown for worst pizza I have ever paid for. Awful, Awful, Awful, someone should call the board of health on this vile establishment. I would go get the thesaurus to find a fun list of adjectives to toss in here, but this Sh*thole isn't worth another moment of my time.
A smart business person might open a decent pizzeria across the street and put this foul abomination out of business.It's the only place open after 2am were you can get food. The pizza mediocre at best but if you're hankering for pizza and it's 3 in the morning it's the best pizza in the world, simply because it's open. The guys who work there are really nice also.Friendly Staff and great hours. Delicious food.
call these guys at 3am and they will deliver!Zero stars. One of the weirdest experiences ever. Was having slices with a huge group of friends (like 6 or so people) and all of a sudden these two women walk in and order and then sit down to eat at the table behind us. Well this stupid restaurant owner thinks its a better idea to let people eat and then pay when they leave. Its basically a takeout restaurant. Who does that? It would be much smarter for us to pay when we order at the counter and pick up our food like EVERY OTHER FAST FOOD RESTAURANT. Anyway, these women finish eating and just leave. The owner starts screaming at us in broken English, "THEY NO PAY!!! HEY! HEY! THEY NO PAY FOR FOOD!!" It took us like a while to figure out what the hell he was even saying and then one of the guys with us ran out the door to try and catch them but they were already gone while the rest of our group is trying to explain to this guy, who speaks almost no English, that we don't know those women from Adam! It was super bizarre and needless to say, we won't be returning. Food was gross, owner was strange and aggravating. Save yourself the annoyance and just go to one of the 50,000 other pizza joints in Rittenhouse.I placed an order on Eat 24. The menu says it is served with rice, but the item came with french fries instead. I called to explain to the restaurant owner, and he hung up on me and refused to help.
Eat 24 called him, but he refused to give a refund or remake the order. This is not a restaurant you can trust. I would avoid.I didn't want to give them a rating as their service is clearly not worthy of even a 1 but you can't post a review without giving one. My friend and her fiancé recently went there and was discriminated against because they are African American. The owner even called the cops on them and made a false claim of fear based on their race.
I would NEVER patronize this establishment and hope that no one spends their hard earned money at a place who thinks nothing of treating others this way.God awful pizza but open later than anything else. Late hours earns an extra star I guess.I have to say that it's a hit and miss with this place, depends on the person that takes your order. There is only one nice guy there that always calls you "My Frrrriend" there is another guy that looks like him but he's obnoxious and trying to rip you off. I'll tell you what, when you pay make sure that the change you get is the right amount because the other two workers will blatantly try to give back less change and when you point that fact out you get the "I kill you" stare and say "Oh sorry ma'am"
Now to the food: The only good thing about this pizza place are their cheese steaks! I mean who can resist a toasted bun? The pizza is greasy and over baked and the wings are...meh.
All in all you know what to expect from a place like that, bon appetite.I'm a lover of all things pizza. The tasteless disproportional slop that this place is attempting to pass off as pizza is a joke. 
My pizza (large 20' plain pie for like $17) looked like something extraterrestrial. The cheese was like a thick disc and was off-white with a weird hue. The sauce was non existent and the dough looked like it was pre made. Awful food. Stay away.Doing cleaning on the new home until 11 last night, there wasn't much open within walking distance.  This place was open.  It's cash only, so we had to go to CVS first and get some cash back, annoying.  Then, we go in and there is no a/c.  It's hot and humid.  The guy that runs it isn't too friendly, though oddly he's nice to the bums that come in for change.  Weird spot.  Pizza is actually OK, but don't bother unless you're just out of options.Absolutely awful delivery timing predictions...
Ordered delivery after a late-night out, because it  was the only place open that was still delivering.  After being told 30 mins for our delivery we waited 45 before calling again to check on the status and were told it would only be another few mins.  After an additional 15 mins we finally cancelled our order... be realistic when telling me when you'll be at my door
Sadness.I had come to Philadelphia for the weekend to visit some friends. It was late Sunday night and we had all finished our alcoholic revelry for the evening. As any self respecting mildly alcoholic 20-something group of delinquents should, we decreed that the night would end in greasy food. My local friend then directed us to Tower, which appeared to be the only game in town at 1 AM. 
The space was crowded with intoxicated patrons. We ordered three plain slices of pizza. I then looked over to the display case and noticed that there was white pizza, so I ordered a slice of that. The rather gruff cashier informed me that they were in the middle of baking a fresh pizza and that it would be ready in about seven minutes. We paid and sat down. For the next fifteen minutes or so, it appeared that absolutely nobody was getting served. 
And then shit got real.
I'll admit the kid that decided to say something approached it in the rudest possible manner. A skinny douchebag in a bright yellow shirt stood up and broke the silence. He was raising his voice and immediately drew all attention to himself. In slurred speech, he informed the people behind the counter that he had been waiting over twenty minutes for two slices of pepperoni and that other people had been served before him even though they ordered after. He demanded his "fuckin' pizza." 
There were several ways this could have been handled. They could have calmly asked him to quiet down. They could have apologized for the delay. They could have offered him a refund. 
Instead, aforementioned gruff cashier (a pretty large dude in height and stature) raised his voice even louder and screamed at yellow-shirt douche (YSD) to "shut the fuck up." YSD, who could have been knocked over by a gust of wind and was clearly suffering from a severe case of beer muscles, began screaming even louder. It was mostly unintelligible, but there was a lot of intermingling of the words "Fucking" "Pizza" "Twenty" and "Assholes" between the two screaming men. Eventually, YSD demanded a refund if they wouldn't provide him his pizza. At THAT point, scary cashier walked around the counter towards the door, screaming at the top of his lungs that he would provide neither pizza nor a refund. He demanded that YSD get the fuck out of his establishment, walked over, and held the door open. YSD's considerably more sober friend was trying to mediate the situation and calm everyone down. Eventually, cashier moved back to the counter. 
It appeared the moment was over, but about 30 seconds later the cashier started screaming again. He once again moved out from behind the counter as a vein threatened to burst out of his forehead and flee from fear. He was moving directly for YSD and screaming like an absolute maniac with a string of expletives. I thought at this point that bloodshed was inevitable, because YSD didn't seem to be aware of his relative gnat-like status in comparison to the cashier. The cashier approached him and pushed him pretty violently out of the store where they proceeded to have a screaming match in the front of the building. 
Other patrons began to leave. The only part of this story to Tower's credit - the smaller guy behind the counter had come around and began to offer refunds to the people that were demanding them. One girl called the cops. In total, about 10 people left. The scuffle seemed to have ended outside and, against all logic, YSD was back inside the establishment. He was given his two slices of pizza. In case you question his drunkenness, he announced to the entire place that the place had delicious pizza and that the cashier was a really nice guy because they had just shook hands. The tool finally left. The cashier was making comments to some of the leaving customers about how they should also see his point of view because he's "very stressed."
At that point, we should have done what the more honorable guests had done and left. But we had journeyed so far on our quest for food and we assumed that our pizza had to be ready by now. 
At this point, three young males walked into the establishment and went to the counter. They ordered three slices of plain pizza and were immediately served. They left before we were served. My calmer friend approached and politely asked after our pizza and reminded them of our order. A different patron came up, ordered the white pizza, and was handed the rest of it immediately. Gruff cashier shrugged it off, stated they didn't have any more white pizza, and gave us an "extra slice of plain" to make up for it.
An hour after we had set off, we finally sat down to eat our pizza. I lifted the crust, and the pizza immediately fell apart and formed cheese/bread fondue on the plate. It tasted like lightly flavored cardboard.
While YSD was a douche, the way that the establishment chose to handle it was completely inappropriate. Hands down the most appalling, disappointing, and shamefully failed quest for drunk munchies ever.