Perfect meal. From the waiter (Steve), to the ambiance, to the drinks (Rose wine special and One Block Down off the cocktail menu), to the apps (crab risotto and the hamachi), the the entrees (swordfish and the black bass), nothing could've made it more enjoyable.Overall a decent French restaurant. Drinks were strong, the hamachi as an appetizer and the lamb as an entrée were the high points. The fried oysters and chocolate soufflé were the low points. Not really a memorable restaurant food or decor wise. Might come again just for drinks if I'm in the area again.My wife got a big promotion at work, so I wanted to take her somewhere special to celebrate. Townsend was at the top of my list of places to try, so I figured this was the perfect opportunity to give it a go. We arrived and were taken to the back of the restaurant space to our table. I have to say it was one of the most quiet restaurants I have been in in philly in recent memory. We were actually able to converse easily without being hard of hearing from the noise of other parties. 
We ordered up a few cocktails to begin. Both were expertly crafted and very tasty. I had the silent alarm, bourbon, Benedictine, lagavulin, maple shrub and lemon bitters, and my wife grabbed the color me criminal, a concoction of generver, rose, Campari, grapefruit, lemon and club soda.The ingredients were high quality and you could tell them were made by a deft hand. I'm always a sucker for a big hunk of ice in my glass as well. It melts properly and prevents the drink from getting to watery while still keeping it nice and chilled.
The menu is laid out well, with great options for all courses. We decided to do two appetizers, an entree each and one dessert. It was the perfect amount of food for us as the portions are not overly large. We started with the beef tartare and the escargots. While my wife is not a huge fan of tartares, I found this one delightful. As rich as it was, the meat was chopped to the pefect size, seasoned beautifully and paired extremely well with the charred bread it was served with. The escargots were extremely different than any preparation I have had elsewhere at other French restaurants, but they were spectacular. They were served with fava beans and in a bacon creme fraiche that was stunning. The sauce was addicting and the snails were super tender. THe preparation was great because it really lightened up and otherwise heavy dish when its prepared normally.
For our mains, I was shocked when my wife ordered the chicken entree they had, but was super happy about it because it sounded delicious. I went with the rabbit pot-au-feu. Both were really complex and interesting preparations of the animals and they were both beautifully presented. With the rabbit, we got a roulade made with the loin, braised rabbit and a rabbit liver mouse. It came in a beautifully flavored broth that was both rich in flavor and super tasty. Her chicken dish also featured a beautifully cooked chicken breast, leg and a stuffed paillard of sorts wrapped in proscuitto. It was served with a chicken jus, artichokes and carrots. The entire dish was a hit with us. The execution was perfection. I especially loved the paillard. It was super tender and moist and it had great seasoning from the ham. 
I always look for soufflés on the menu of French restaurants and it's rare that I actually find them, but as soon as I saw the chocolate soufflé on town sends menu, I knew we had to get it. It came with a cannel of goat cheese ice cream that was perfectly paired with the crusty and gooey soufflé. It was an outstanding preparation. Sometimes with soufflés they can get eggy if they aren't cooked correctly, but this could not have been cooked anymore properly. A stellar end to a fantastic meal.
This was one of the better meals I have had recently. The food was expertly prepared, and although I found it a bit pricey, I would glady go back anytime to eat or drink, or both. It's definitely worth a visit.Would have given it four stars were it not way, way overpriced for the service and meal provided.  I loved the compact menu and the food was excellent - I had the striped bass and salad appetizer - but for the money I can think of many other places that offer a better dining experience. They need to spruce up the decor (a bit drab) and ask the staff to smile. That might brighten the experience a bit!Wow! What a great experience at Townsend this past week. Myself and 2 of my girlfriends came for dinner on Wednesday night. We were seated in and were seated in what BostonBestEats called the most romantic table in the city. It was lovely even though were weren't really trying to be romantic. For starters the three of us split the broiled oysters (salty and bacon-y), the foie gras mouse (gone in about 2 seconds), the oxtail risotto (oh so creamy), and the gnocchi (fluffy and delish). For dinner I had the Lamb en Cocotte which came with both sliced lamb filet as well as a roasted lamb loin in a delicious grape and pear sauce that was sweet enough but really held up nicely to the savory fall apart-in-your-mouth lamb. One of the girls got the Roast Magret Duck (dont think about how its made because its too good to miss) and the other got the Venison which was sliced and crusted with something bright green and was the best venison I've ever eaten). We also tried each others cocktails and I really enjoyed my Caribbean citrus-y rum drink topped with frothy egg whites and my friend's old fashioned-esque drink (I forget what they were both called). The only drink I wasn't a huge fan of was my other friend's cocktail that was described as sort of a hard cider with whiskey. It was too syrupy for me. For dessert we tried one of each of their three offerings, the crème brulee (the best I've ever had hands down. I don't even like crème brulee and this was addicting), the baked apples (very tasty, but a really tiny option, which was fine as I'm not a huge dessert person), and the chocolate molten cake (you just can't go wrong with one of these anywhere really). We all agreed that the food was some of the best we've had in the city. The only reason I'm not giving 4 stars is for the price compared to the size of the dishes. The plates are all pretty much small plates including the 3rd course dishes, which is what i would consider more of an entrée (lamb, venison duck, etc.) even though the prices reflect a larger difference in price from the 1st and 2nd courses (around $15 ea.) to the 3rd courses (around $35 ea.). While I appreciate the skill, creativity and overall finesse of Townsend's offerings, I guess I wasn't quite expecting the cost with the amount of food I received. But that being said, I would love to come back with my husband, on more of a special occasion rather than a random Wednesday night, so he can try Townsend. We'll just be prepared to shell out the big bucks.MAGNIFIQUE!! Tres bien! The best beef tartare I've ever tasted. My wife raved about the petite omelette and the broiled east coast oysters with fennel.I had the roasted moulard duck breast medium well, with haricots, morel mushrooms summer truffles, red wine salamis. Superbe!! Service was extremely attentive and since I mentioned we were celebrating my wife's bday (Bastille Day)they actually prepared a menu with her name on it. Nice touch. I will without hesitation recommend this restaurant. Tasting is believing. You will not be disappointed. Forgot to mention they are accommodating to those who need gluten free. The waitress said those who require dairy free while challenging could also be accommodated. I chose this restaurant because they averaged 4.5 stars on yelp. I would go further and give them 5 stars.Well done Townsend!!!!It was a nice night out BUT if you're going to recommend a party pay $85/person for a tasting menu, it's a little insulting for the "main entree" plate to consist of 3 tiny slices of meat. Glad I tried it but would not go back for that reason.Excellent. Gf and I went for her bday dinner. It was fantastic. We decided the apps looked more interesting than the entrees so we had six of them, two of which were specials. The food was fantastic and the drinks were quite tasty. Look forward to a return visit soon!Top-notch dining experience through and through. Food was delicious and ambience was Philly charm with a little extra class. What inspired me to write a review was the above and beyond attention to detail. Starting with the reservation confirmation call, when I asked if they happened to have anything earlier. They followed up and made it happen. They asked if we were celebrating anything special. We were -- my fiance's birthday. Upon arrival, she was so pleasantly surprised (as was I!) to find a birthday wish printed on our menus. The exemplary service throughout our meal never wavered. Thank you for a great experience!How have I not rated this place yet? Fantastic in every sense of the word. The food is incredible every time. The cocktails are some of my husband's favorite in the city. The service is friendly, knowledgeable and all around wonderful. The ambiance is absolutely perfect for a date night- the bar is perfect for a pre-dinner or post dinner cocktail with some of the best bartenders this city has to offer. The dining room itself is lovely for a date night or a small celebration.Service was super awkward.  I think the girl who was serving us must have heard me comment about how awkward she was being because all the sudden someone else was bringing us our second and third course.  And guess what?  They were weird too.  I felt embarrassed for them, and it's not like TV where you can shut it off.  I'm not sure I've ever had nervous waitstaff before... especially at a supposed fine dining place.  They need to poach staff from bebou... or not hire people in their 20s?  I dunno.  It would have ruined the night if I didn't get fantastically tispy.  It was just SO WEIRD.We really enjoyed our experience at Townsend Restaurant. Love the French Cuisine on the menu, had a really romantic feel with great food and a good selection of wines on the menu and great cocktails.Favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! Every dish got nods and sounds of mmmm from all of us. We were enjoying the food so much that we forgot to talk to each other! Highly recommend their crab risotto (special not on the menu), leek soup, marinated hamachi, brandade, and roasted chicken. Price was not bad, we each spent $50 but didn't get any alcohol. Highly recommend this place!!! Good for foodies, date nights, parents. Not recommended for big groups since the space is pretty small. Make sure to order the chocolate soufflé early on since it takes 15 minutes to make. No complaints about this place!I've been here twice with my girlfriend and it has quickly became our favorite spot. The ambience is cozy and relaxing, with warm candlelight and wood floors. Walking into the place feels like a comfy, fancy blanket. It doesn't seem like there's a strict dress code but we like to get formal when we come here. Ties the whole experience together!
Start with the house cocktails! They are all perfectly balanced and smooth as heck. 
Then, get the beef tartare. Seriously. It is one of the best dishes I've ever eaten in my life, and I've had the steak tartare at 21 in Manhattan. It's a generous helping of fresh beef (uncooked) with a mixture of spices, probably dijon and definitely capers. It comes out with toast that's still hot from the oven. Spread and enjoy.
The crunchy bread harmonizes with the smooth burst of flavor from the beef. As soon as it touches your lips, all the tastes explode into a supernova of deliciousness.
Also try the rabbit. And the scallops. And the duck. I haven't had a bad dish here. 5 well-earned stars for Townsend!
Update 3/4/18--went back last night and Townsend was just as good as before. Had the old fashioned, beef tartare (obviously) and the seared scallops. The scallops were literally the best I've ever had. Perfectly cooked, tender, bursting with freshness and that breezy ocean flavor. Not gritty like other restaurant's scallop dishes. For dessert we had the soufflé. It was delivered hot and fresh out of the oven. The pastry was fluffy and did indeed "breathe." Mild chocolate flavor brought the whole dish together.Just perfect. The food, the service, the drinks, the wine. I mean, you can't go wrong with basically anything. The beef tartar was to die for, and the duck with truffles... My lord. Huge, fat, beautiful pieces of truffle, not just the oil, or the shreds. My god.Last evening, we had an occasion to have dinner with a group of friends who knew or worked with one another for decades. The food came in dainty portions though they were delicious. The presentation was classy. The lead waiter was articulate, knowing and savvy. We stayed there for three hours in the upstairs section of the restaurant where, through the windows, I could see my car parked right outside. As some of the other reviewers said, this place is not for the budget conscious. Get ready to splurge to honor someone or celebrate an occasion.  I ordered the "Just Say Yes" cocktail and it was delicious and different. We had a good time.I went to Townsend a week after returning from Paris and ordered escargot. It was better than any of the many, many plates of escargot I had in Paris. The bartender was extremely friendly, handcrafted some amazing couture cocktails after listening to things we liked, and made us feel like he came to work only to wait on us. My only complaint was that the escargot was served this amazing sauce, but came in a dish that made it very hard to soak up all of that delicious leftover sauce with bread. It probably would have been more appropriate in a shallow bowl with a large lip. Also had creme brulee that was perfectly torched on top. I recommend this place to everyone.Delicious food but portions were very disappointing. We had the tasting menu and left hungry. We're very slim people and eat modest portions but this tasting menu, despite its deliciousness, left us feeling unsatisfied. Hopefully this restaurant can modify their menu by just a couple ounces and make this a better experience.Fabulous.  Expensive, but FABULOUS!
I want to go again and again.
Restaurant Quest #50Came here a couple days ago on a mini-date with my friend. As soon as we got to their front door, the hostess immediately opened the door to us and greeted us. The bartender himself greeted us as well. The atmosphere of the place already have me an impression that I'll have a decent dinner experience, despite the fact that I'm under the age of drinking.
 Our waiter attended our table well and without hesitating, muttering, or stuttering, gave us our specials. She made the specials sound amazing and a must-get meal. We got their gnocchi spinach special, and their chicken entree for our main course. For appetizer we had their hamachi. 
 The hamachi came out quick and looked beautiful. One of the workers handed us the appetizer and formally told us the recipes used. The taste was similar to a slight Italian dressing to it with other mixes that I'm not too familiar with, nonetheless it's our first French dinner experience and it tastes great. 
 Our waiter attended our table frequently to refill our water and checked on us. During our wait with complimentary fresh bread and butter.
 We got our dinner and instantly got hooked. The chicken was light and soft, but filled with flavor. I've never really had any chicken in the style that this restaurant cooked with. 10/10.
 I'll definitely come here again on a special occasion, thank you to all the workers there for making our dinner experience great!Sunday evening dinner for 7, I think I just had the best bite of my life!!! Sweetbreads in a roasted bone marrow...outstanding, all 7 were extremely satisfied with their meals.  They all felt the foie gras was the winner.  Good service, great setting....highly recommended!I can't comment on the food- have not eaten there yet. But I will say that the mixology here is as good as it gets. Better than Hop Sing, Franklin Mortgage, Ranstead- and without the faux drama. Good prices with well thought out, creative recipes with quality ingredients. A keeper...Great dinner!  Starting with bread and butter...super crusty bread and butter that was so smooth, it could have been hand-churned.  From the menu...I had the Australian white fish on a squash puree, Sweetheart had duck on white beans, and we shared the blackened scallop appetizer.  Everything was superb!  We skipped dessert, as they only had 3 choices, none of which we cared for.  My only criticism of this fine establishment?  The decor...we sat on the second floor.  All white walls and table linens, little art, and all extremely boring.  Not sure what look they were trying to achieve, but it did not enhance the dining experience.  We will return....This restaurant is unpretentious and comfortable, yet the service and food are polished. We were particularly impressed with the service.  Our table was waiting for our 8:30 reservation on a Friday night and the menu even included a note at the top wishing me a happy birthday - what a great way to start off the night! 
I would have given this 4 stars because one of the entrees wasn't that great, but since the menu was so strong in terms of choices (it was a real challenge to just pick two of the four items available in each of the three courses!)and because of the execution of the other dishes, plus the great service, I'm going with 5 stars with the expectation that on my next visit everything will be terrific. 
Things got off to a good start with the first course.  Decided to go with the broiled oysters and the beef tartare.  The oysters were from Nova Scotia and were just the type we like, a little creamy and not too briny.  As such, they would have stood perfectly well on their own, which made the topping of bacon and spinach unnecessary.  The beef tartare was finely minced and very tasty, although a little less mustard might have made it even better.  
The second course were sweetbreads and escargot.  The sweetbreads were rich and sausage like.  The escargot came in a bacon-sherry creme fraiche.  The snails were large and succulent, and the dish was very, very rich, and very delicious.  
The standout entree was the venison.  The loin was stuffed with spinach mouse, sliced, covered in caul fat and then seared, served in black truffle bordelaise sauce with roasted brussels sprouts.  The only downside was the dish was a bit too salty.  The duck breast was the night's only let down.  The duck was rare and sliced too thin, and as such, was not as flavorful as it could have been.  The beans in the cassoulet were well prepared, just crunchy, and the brussels sprouts were cooked perfectly (they were in the sauce, yet they were not tanniny but flavorful).  This dish could have benefited from some more salt. 
Tried about 5 of the 6 glasses of red available.  The Cotes du Rhone and the Bordeaux were liked best.
The bread that was served at first was surprisingly uninteresting, with too fine a grain and rather bland.  On the positive side, the butter was not cold and solid like it is too frequently.  And, it was much nicer presented than the foil wrapped packet you get at Bibou. 
This probably the best French bistro currently in the city.This is the second time we've been here, with the same server (Steve). We did the chefs tasting menu and each dish was executed divinely, from foie gras butternut squash soup to octopus and braised short rib. Steve selected the most spot-on, creative wine pairings we've had in the city right now.  Thanks Townsend for a second spectacular showing, and for your understated yet impeccable service.Sigh. What's the criteria for rating? How do you compare a gas station fried chicken to artisan gelato?  Or a traditional French bakery staffed by a single old Vietnamese man to an upscale sushi byob owner by a middle aged Italian guy? It's really hard and that's the life of an avid yelper. 
So anyway. I try to evaluate places based on how they perform against their intended outcome, rather against their peer group. That being said, this place is definitely good. However the food is not at the level you'd be expecting.  But god damn does it try so hard. The service is really fantastic though. I had been here with a large party and food came out quickly and orders were accurate and service was warm and welcoming. The atmosphere embraces the south Philly vibe while maintaining a high end dining experience. I know, it's like two opposite things. 
But I just can't get over paying a diamond price for a tin product. It's very traditional French cuisine. No fusion food to be found here. It just misses the mark. It's like the opposite of Parc. Parc's food is great but everything else is an abomination. Awful service, poor atmosphere, etc. Townsend nails everything except the food. Now, I can be understanding because I went there with such a large party, but still. If I'm paying that price and YOU advertise yourself as fine dining I damn well expect excellent food.  Don't get me wrong. It was good food, just not excellent. I'd absolutely try it again though. Especially for a more intimate dining experience.A delicious French restaurant set in a row home in South
I went with three other people and we shared three of the first or second plates and then we each ordered a main course. The first and second plates range between 15 to $20 and then the main courses are between 20th and $30 a person excluding the beef.
For starters, we ordered the poached Lobster, the foie gras on fish, the escargot, and the beef tartare. All the dishes are pretty good, but the escargot was particularly delicious and creamy. We even asked for more bread to soak up the sauce with.
For the main course, I ordered the seared duck breast which came over a bed of risotto. The duck breast was cooked to Perfection and melted in your mouth.
Leslie and for dessert, we shared the chocolate souffle and the Apple Brandy creme brulee. The chocolate souffle came with some sort of pour-over sauce, it was delicious creamy and chocolatey. The Apple Brandy creme brulee was unique in that it wasn't overly sweet with the caramelized sugar on top. The Brandy Apple flavor was refreshing with little bits of Apple on topOmg, so good. After the first couple apettizers we concluded we're going to have to come back to try what we missed on the first batch. Had the sweetbreads, the foie gras, veg salad, the ferrel soup....This is a beautiful, classy restaurant.  With that said, paying $10 for bread seems like a 'nickel & dime' move.  Our meal was adequate, nothing transcendent.  The first two courses suffered from a few too many pinches of salt (minus the oysters, which were amazing). The entrees were also good, but lacking the "Wow, I would pay $250-$300 for this," sentiment.  Overall, I would go back for small bites (the oysters) and vino at the bar, but skip out on the hefty bill for table service.We went here for my birthday, and had an amazing meal and amazing service.  Each course was better than the last.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable about the beverage program.  If you haven't gone...GO.Couldn't have been more lovely.  Steve was quite possibly the most knowledgeable, pleasant and attentive servers we've ever had - and we've dined in plenty of 5 star settings.  Food was off the hook good - amazing variety punctuated with new and surprising flavor combinations - nothing overwrought and everything super sophisticated.  Already thinking of how we can get back.  Xx - friends From DCThis restaurant needs no long review, the meal was absolutely fantastic. Best sweetbreads I have ever had. A must try for any foodie or for a special occasion. Will be back for sure.Went to Townsend for a drink, dessert and coffee after eating dinner at Bing Bing.  The decor is lovely, the staff polished and everything was just perfect. If you liked expertly mixed cocktails or high end liquor to drink straight you'll really enjoy the bar here. They had my favorite Monkey Shoulder single malt scotch on hand which is not carried by most places. We sat down for a chocolate souffle and coffee and they both were exceptional.  The waiter Steve was pleasant, helpful and informative. If you enjoy fine dining and a lovely romantic spot, you must come here. I will be back for a full dinner soon.This is my favorite restaurant in philly- hands down. The staff is AMAZING! They are always friendly, they remember your favorite drink or dish. The food is beyond excellent! I have never had a bad or even mildly disappointing dish here. The chocolate soufflé is TO DIE FOR! The staff is nicer than any other in Philly. Please stay around for ever so I can eat your chocolate soufflé for ever and ever.Our reservation was made weeks before the restaurant received a James Beard Foundation nomination for best new restaurant, but our dinner last night made apparent why it was nominated.
We were told our table would be ready in a few minutes, and two seats had just become available at the bar, so we decided to have our aperitif there. The bartenders were charming and very helpful. We prefer to dine at the bar when we can; it provides insight into the culture of a restaurant, so we declined the table when it became available.
First course: The sweetbreads were tender and moist with a crisp crust, accompanied by a creamy onion soubise and parsnip puree. Sumptuous. The foie gras mousse was rich and smooth and heavenly light and creamy. Stunning. 
Main course: A tender and juicy roasted breast of chicken with slices of perfectly executed galantine from the leg, accompanied by a tasty aigre-doux (sweet and sour sauce) flavored with rosemary. Exquisite. The rabbit roulade served with root vegetables was moist and the flavors were perfectly balanced. Luscious.
For dessert we shared a perfect crème brûlée, ethereal in its smoothness and light as a feather with a perfectly thin and crunchy broiled top.
They have no espresso machine. Nevertheless, the coffee was deeply flavored, not acidic or bitter, and was served hot. Quite satisfying.
I have no doubt we will return again and again.YES! My favorite farm to table place. This has become my girlfriends and I's favorite girly night place. We've already been twice in the last 3 months. Awesome wine selections too!We came here on a Sunday night and experienced quick/professional service. The vibe is nicely upscale and romantic, and the drinks were very strong. The food was excellent and some of the best French I've had so far. Our party split the sweetmeats, a cheese plate, tartare, and escargot. By far the favorite was the tartare, although the other dishes were phenomenal as well.Most amazing experience!!! Go with the chefs tasting menu. You won't be disappointed. The staff are all so kindOutstanding, highly recommend. Portion sizes are perfect to order one item from each 3 categories. I had the himachi ceviche, sweetbreads and duck. The sweetbreads are out of this world, a 10 out of 10. Easily one of the best entrees I have had in the city. The service is also great.We went here for a Valentine's Day dinner and we were not let down! Our server, Caitlynn was phenomenal. Knew everything about the menu, answered all of our questions about the cocktails, wine and food! She definitely knew what she was talking about. Great service as well. The food was phenomenal. We did the "Chef's Choice" with the wine pairing and it did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and the ambiance was cozy, romantic and friendly! 
Definitely recommend Townsend!This is an outstanding French restaurant. I've dined here several times and cannot get enough of this place.  
The manager, hostesses the waiting staff and bartenders are all exceptional. The food is on-point and captures both the rustic and Parisian styles of French cuisine.The skate was excellent. However, the lamb was tasteless (except for the stew that came with it).  The server said that's the way it's supposed to be. Ok. Then, in her haste to get us out, she took away a half finished martini. When I objected, she grudgingly took it back off the tray somewhere in the kitchen and returned it to the table. Really?  Thanks Caitlynn. That's what we get for $130 (two people) + tip?Come hungry, leave less hungry.
The food is indeed fantastic, but the price/portion ration is pretty one sided. We had beef tartare, poached lobster, duck breast, and the barramundi and thoroughly enjoyed each preparation. The meals were magnificently seasoned and unique, and the service was impeccable!  However, upon leaving and a almost 200 bill (drinks were had) I still could have had two more dishes to fill up.I would not make reservations here for a special occasion.  My reservation was cancelled within 65 seconds of my failing to pick up a confirmation call. No message was even left.  When I tried to call back (for over an hour, no one picked up).  While I was really excited to try the food, this level of service is entirely unacceptable for the price point. Truthfully, I doubt any quality of food could compensate for this type of treatment.
I'm very surprised given the chef comes from Lacroix (which while I haven't love the food recently, has impeccable service).   For special occasion in Philadelphia, I recommend Vetri (or Laurel) in the future (where the service and food are truly outstanding).  I am just grateful the reservation was only for a birthday.I've been here a couple of times for dinner and am always impressed. The menu is fantastic, service is impeccable and their drinks are wonderful. Come here for an authentic french meal or just to try their draft wine!An all around perfect experience! 
The service was friendly, confident, knowledgeable and attentive. Wonderful atmosphere as well - upscale, but interesting, warm, and inviting. (I was entertaining family, but I think it'd make a really nice spot for a date night!) The drinks were fun, inventive, and delicious...Our favorite was the Corpse Reviver 2! Wine pairings suggested by our server were spot on. 
Finally, the food was so outstanding. This was by far the best meal I've had in Philadelphia, and ranks among the best I've ever eaten. Everything was great: big shout out to the escargot, broiled oysters, oxtail risotto, marinated hamachi, foie gras, venison, duck, gnocchi, and chocolate souffle. I have a feeling you really can't go wrong with anything on this menu. 
If you're thinking of trying Townsend, do it! Thanks to Chef Wentz and everyone at Townsend for a fantastic evening!We just had an amazing dinner here to celebrate my husband's birthday. The service was wonderful, very attentive, we first had a drink, as we were heading to our table, the bartender wished my husband a happy birthday. The menus were personalized for his birthday as well! We loved the food, modern twists on French classics. I loved the mix of flavors. Really there were no low points, though some of the highlights were the beef tartare, fois grois and a chocolate souffle with cardamom. Would definitely recommend this place for special occasions or a romantic night out.Haven't been for food yet but the cocktails are outta sight. They rotate and always have something seasonal and interesting. The bartenders care what you think about the drinks and were really attentive and know their stuff. In a time where craft cocktailery is way in, Townsend is making drinks that still turn heads.My sincere thanks to Townsend for a wonderful night with my husband.
I had the pleasure of dining here on 9/1. My husband and I were celebrating some exciting news we received earlier in the week. He called Townsend to share with them the news and Townsend completely got on board and made the night as special as possible for us. They set us up in the nicest section of the restaurant for starters. On the second floor there is a table for two over looking passyunk ave. It was romantic and for most of the night we had that floor to ourself. When I sat down I noticed Townsend had written "Congratulations Erin" on the menu. I was blown away, it was really something. 
They had a rose on special so we indulged in that for most of the night. When it came to food, we decided to share the three course meal. We started with the Broiled East Coast Oysters with Fennel. I'm still dreaming about them. A broiled oyster completely changed the game for me. Next we shared the Marinated Hamachi. Absolutely amazing as well.
Second course we couldn't resist the scallops and of course they were outstanding as well! The sautéed sweetbreads were a huge hit for my husband tool. Last but not least for our third course we had the 32oz Dry Aged Cote de Boeuf (for two).  O U T S T A N D I N G. Seriously, unreal. I don't remember the last time I went to a restaurant where everything was out of this world. And the service. Where do I even begin? Remarkable. Our waitress was caring, helpful, and eager to be serving us that night. Couldn't have asked for a better experience at Townsend. 
The menu is pricey, but worth every cent.If I could give Townsend 6 stars, I probably would.
Went last night for dinner.  Checked Menupages.com before going and saw that it rated Townsend as $$$$$ (5 dollar signs), but that could not be more wrong.  Townsend is very reasonably priced.  So just a heads up, that is bologna.
Anyways, definitely a unique decor and set up going on.  Feels kind of rustic, but also open.  It is NOT BYOB.  They have a full bar, and for the most part, you do have enough space to be in your own conversation and not feel on top of people.
Service was very good.  Staff was cheerful, happy to help answer questions, and you felt a team vibe from everyone who touched the table.
Now onto the most important part --- the food.  Best food I have had in Philly in a while!  We ordered their Marinated Hamachi, which was EXCELLENT.  It had a nice fresh taste and reminded us of sushi, but was so much more complex.  It was really excellent and if you like ceviche or crudo, this is an awesome dish.  Next we had a special --- Zucchini Blossoms stuffed with Crab, served with Asparagus.  Another really yummy dish.  This was a special and I would bet it's season, so they probably do not always have it, but just a really tasty combination and once again a super fresh bite.
We paired a special app with one of their entrees.  The special app was a Potato Gnocchi service with Chantrelle Mushrooms on top of a DYNAMITE Tomato Confit sauce and topped with Parmesan Cheese.  I have worked in Italian Restaurants (really good ones) and this Gnocchi was extremely good.  Delicate gnocchi paired with a sauce that left us licking the plate.  Our entree was a Skate Wing, also seasonal, that was served with a Corn and Lardo Bacon combo.  The bacon was really thickly cut, so if you have an non-meat eater int he house, it's easy to avoid.  Really great flavors here.  Tough to not love Skate.  I order it every time it's on a menu.  The Skate was almost breaded...it had such a great texture.
They had my all-time favorite dessert --- Chocolate Souffle.  I have seen Souffles 3 ways --- 1. It stinks, 2. It is mostly dry but it is served with a velvety sauce that is poured tableside into the Souffle, and 3. It has an almost fudgy interior.  We got the 3rd version, which is a solid alternative to the second.
They give you ice cream as well with the Souffle.
All together a great experience, great food.  We will definitely be back and it's super reasonably priced.
Now in our Top 5 Restaurants in Philly.It never ceases to amaze me how willing people seem to be to pay excessive amounts for mediocre food.  No number of white tablecloths and loqaucious wait staff describing this or that reduction can make up for an experience which simply isn't special.  It's difficult to understand how this restaurant receives so many positive reviews. The food is generally overly precious and definitely overpriced. Moreover, the portions are quite small.  A rabbit I ordered was mostly finely diced root vegetables. I guess most of the rabbit managed to get down the proverbial hole before the chef caught up with him. My wife's fish was too salty. Our companions' lamb was so rare it looked more like sushi grade tuna and at $38 was ridiculously priced Our wait person dutifully and convincingly listed all the ingredients and their preparation but her recitation could not improve their flavor. As with many restaurants these days wine by the glass keeps going up. Here it can easily be $13 per glass for vin that is basically ordinaire in many cases. Dinner for four (4 entres, 4 appetizers, 4 desserts, 1 wine,1beer. 1 cider and 2 coffees) came to $341 with tax and tip. The only thing memorable about that will be the bill.Cocktails, beef tartare, and service at the bar are all impeccable! Took the mom and she was so impressed.This place is phenomenal.
I love French food and have been searching for a really good restaurant a while now. Came here on muh birthday last night...
Everything a good French place should have - fantastic bread, escargot, chocolate desserts and cheese plates. But we also had duck & halibut with caviar & sweetbreads & cynar! And armagnac! (REALLY good armagnac.) And all of it was some of the best food I've ever had.. french do it right. Small portions, multiple courses, a liquor pairing with every one. All the food was so well made, and the service was great. Caitlynn took care of us and answered the wholeee bunch of questions we had about everything with enthusiastic knowledge.
Compliments to the kitchen and the staff and that whole place... Super cool comfy fancy spot and I'm coming back for cheese and chocolate... And more armagnac.Last night's meal was spectacular from the escargot with bacon in creme fraiche to the sweetbreads  to the lamb everything was impeccable. Great service, knowledgeable server, fantastic presentation. No wonder it received such high ratingsOnly eat on the first floor or the bar.
Enjoy everyone, they are all informed more than usually possible. The bar creates the best cocktails in Philadelphia. 
* Baked Oysters
* Townsend Gibson
* Terrible Exterior Sign (especially the color)This lovely restaurant in South Philly offers a well-crafted, but limited menu with a rather pricey wine list.  Our menu choices were all good served by a courteous, helpful staff.  This is not a classic French cuisine nor is it solid Country French; it might rather be called French-inspired cooking.  We began with a delightful Amuse-bouche of celery root puree with a sunchoke which was delicious and for our first course (appetizers) the Broiled East Coast Oysters with Fennel, Beef Tartare, Roasted Maitake Mushroom, & Escargot and Brussels Sprout "Mange Tout." This was followed by Braised Short Ribs, Venison en Creppinette, and Roasted Chicken.  All were considered by us as delicious, creative, moist, and perfect.  The setting is pretty.  The food is good.  The drinks were great.  The wine was pricey and we lucked out with good street parking.  All in all this was a 4-star evening in South Philly.Ok. I will get right to it since there is plenty of food to talk about! ;) we decided to start with the broiled oysters and the hamachi apps. The starving kid in me instantly grabbed an oyster. I clearly should've tried they hamachi first, which was served in a marinade of cucumber, sesame, lime, and cilantro. Delicate, clean, and a delicious way to prep your pallet for what's in store. The oysters are broiled with spinach, bacon, and a Pernod cream sauce. They serve 4 per order. I will just say this. We instantly ordered another round. YUM! For the 2nd course we had the jumbo lump crab risotto and the sautéed sweetbreads. The risotto was my lady's first or second favorite of the night. It was creamy and cooked to perfection. The sweetbreads were served with a potato aligote, olives, and oven dried tomato Provençal. This was one of my favorites for the night. Neither of us like olives, but they just played part of a delicious harmony in this dish. Again, everything was cooked perfectly. Sweetbreads were slightly crispy on the outside and soft and tender inside. Perfection.  Finally we had the duck breast and the rabbit pot-au-feu (stew). The rabbit loin was served in a roulade over braised rabbit with carrots and potatoes. This is where the technique of French cooking shines. They managed to transform a traditional family dish that essentially is a stew and elevate it to much greater proportions. Another success. The duck breast was was cooked to perfection and served with a cassoulet of white beans and a port reduction.  For dessert we had to chocolate soufflé and the vanilla creme brûlée. From start to finish this meal was well prepared, presented, and quickly devoured!! Go eat at Townsend. ENJOY!!!Went here on a Saturday night, reservations at 8. They have a nice bar area (directly when you get in) which gets a little loud with bigger groups, but has phenomenal cocktails. After waiting for half an hour (which is petty long when you have a reservation) we were seated and ready to enjoy what every critic has been raving about so far. The result was.. Meh. We got the foie gras mousse and oysters as apps, which were both great. Main course however (rabbit pot-au-feu and codd) were drastically under seasoned and just plain bland.. Wines by the glass were good pairings.I've been here twice with my girlfriend and it has quickly became our favorite spot. The ambience is cozy and relaxing, with warm candlelight and wood floors. Walking into the place feels like a comfy, fancy blanket. It doesn't seem like there's a strict dress code but we like to get formal when we come here. Ties the whole experience together!
Start with the house cocktails! They are all perfectly balanced and smooth as heck. 
Then, get the beef tartare. Seriously. It is one of the best dishes I've ever eaten in my life, and I've had the steak tartare at 21 in Manhattan. It's a generous helping of fresh beef (uncooked) with a mixture of spices, probably dijon and definitely capers. It comes out with toast that's still hot from the oven. Spread and enjoy.
The crunchy bread harmonizes with the smooth burst of flavor from the beef. As soon as it touches your lips, all the tastes explode into a supernova of deliciousness.
Also try the rabbit. And the scallops. And the duck. I haven't had a bad dish here. 5 well-earned stars for Townsend!Pretty, comfortable restaurant without pretension. Service is friendly but not overdone, attentive but not solicitous. We had the hamachi appetizer which was outstanding. Also had the crab omelet that i just didn't really understand; wasn't anything i need to have again - not good, not bad. the main courses, however, were lovely. Had the halibut and the duck. Definitely a tasty and refined evening, good for special occasion.The food at this restaurant was great.  it lived up to the expectations I had after reading the other reviews.  I got the halibut and the broiled oysters and the others in my party also got the duck and crab omelet.  Everything was so good.Came here for Valentine's Day. Food was delicious, staff was friendly and helpful. Portions were so small that both me and my wife literally left hungry(for nearly $250 with no alcohol). 
No matter how good your food is, it's embarrassing when your date wants to go out for tacos after dinner.........Talula's Garden is a much better value at the same quality.Everything was amazing! It was my boyfriend's birthday and I had told them in advance so they wrote a special message on the menu. Service was among the best I've encountered in Philly. I also can't eat gluten and they had tons of options to accommodate my dietary restrictions, including a chocolate souffle! We will definitely be back.This restaurant was hands down the best experience I've had in Philly in a long time. Such a gem. We had the tasting menu and every dish was absolutely phenomenal. The specialty drinks were made to perfection as well. Our waiter, Jeff, took the time to give us the best recommendations based on our taste and he truly made our experience even better, which we appreciated. I encourage everyone reading this to try this restaurant as it's my #1 favorite place in philly now, and it will soon to be yours! Thanks to the chef, bartender and Jeff for making our night impeccable!Outstanding chef, delicious food and drinks, and one of the best waiters I have ever had. Their mixed drinks are amazing. The wine pairing with chef's choice was dazzling. Highly, highly recommended.What an absolutely incredible meal! Five stars across the board from start to finish. Truly a wonderful experience. Extremely impressed.Another great Philly restaurant. It seems to be a pattern here; a number of excellent restaurants, many of of which are BYOB, where it's great food in a really small place. While Townsend is not BYOB, although the wine list is eclectic, it's is a nice but small space. Not a drawback for me because I think it's a more intimate dining experience, but I do not know how the economics work for the restaurants. 
In any event, you chose a three course selection, where the biggest challenge is what gets left out. Not as big a problem if you come as a foursome but tough for two. We had the lobster and beef tartar, both were excellent.  Then we had the Brandade, which was stunning; followed by the lamb and rabbit- wow!!  Then a cheese course with Sherry followed by the chocolate soufflé and coffee. What a great meal!! The wine list is challenging but we had a good red burgundy that was a perfect choice. 
Another star in the Phiily food firmament.Dinner with friends last night, Friday, 7/21, both of our friends are heavy wine enthusiasts and actually have travelled the world going to vineyards, etc. for new wine experiences. They certainly were not disappointed at Townsend last night. Our four course dinner was superb, every course a pure delight. The Bronzino for the entree three of us ordered was incredible, each bite with the perfectly crunchy skin and spices better the the last. Lauren who is the wine knowledge star there picked wines for each of our courses, and for each of us based on what we liked. We were not disappointed, none of us, each wine was better then the next. What a perfect dinner and place. Our server was incredible as was every person working there. We will surely be back and can't wait until the next Chef Townsend restaurant opens on Walnut Street.The food here was fantastic, and the service was even better.  My friend ordered a cocktail and from across the restaurant, our server noticed that she probably didn't like it so offered to give her a different drink, free of charge.  
The beef tartare here was great, still not as great as Vernick, but tasty nonetheless.  I also loved the brandade, which I'd never had before- it's a salt cod emulsion on a delicious buttery brioche w/ a quail egg. Of the 3 courses, I think this was my favorite.  For the 3rd course, my speck (bacon) wrapped cod was also really good but I think I liked my friend's braised halibut a bit more, which was perfectly moist w/ a side of  kohlrabhi, which was much tastier than any kohlrabhi I've ever had.   Also, leave room for the chocolate souffle which was divine!
This was a wonderful dining experience, and I will definitely be returning again!Probably my best meal in Philadelphia. ..if anything you must have the beef tartare and the venison...Thank me later.Wow. The best meal and service I have had in a very long time. Specials were incredible, as were the rabbit and sea bass entrees. Wine and cocktails superb! And we got a preview of the summer "spritzer" cocktail--whoa. Perfect pre-dinner, after-dinner and until 2am drink! :) I will be back!!!This was one of the. BEST foodie dining experiences we have had in philly in a long while. Wow wow wow. Can't wait to come back. Magin Cave was an amazing server top notch the very best. So amazing the whole experience. Thank u thank u.  If u haven't tried it please go !!!!Great place for a date night!
Rec:
Beef tartare
Seared fois gras
Duck 
Save room for dessertElegant romantic little spot in East Passyunk.  My son and his fiance are regulars, and chose this spot for Father's Day.  It was a warm, muggy evening in Philly and the upstairs floor was a bit warm, although they did lower the temp when asked.  Our waitress Kaitlyn, and the other staff were all very warm and expeditious in caring for our needs.  Everything we had was delicious.  You definitely need to get 1 of each from the 3 recommended courses because the portions are small, which does get a bit costly.  However, each morsel you have is mouth-watering so save up and treat yourself.  Would love to come back and try the 5-course $85 pp meal, but that I'll have to do some more saving....  My husband and I split the escargot and broiled oysters and we both had the wild striped bass.  My son LOVES the beef tartare, I tried it but it's not my thing.  His fiance is vegetarian and when it's not such a busy Father's Day, the chef has made elegant off-menu vegetarian dishes for her.  I tried her Tomato-Roasted Pepper Gazpacho and it was delicious, as was her Risotto dish.  My son had the Halibut, which was good (I tried it too), but he preferred the Striped Bass.  Another in our party had the duck and was happy with it.  We ordered Creme Brulee, which was orange flavored.  I prefer my creme brulee non-orange flavored, and we also had the chocolate souffle which was good.  The restaurant also gave us homemade basil flavored chocolates.  I probably wouldn't have had the second glass of rose had I known it was $18, but hey I should have asked.  Lovely restaurant, great food, attentive staff.Tableau 34 avec M. Megin - VrMan XLnt!! One of the BEST meals EVER.
Sublime , la démonstration classique et moderne de la gastronomie Française.
I have literally just returned from Townsend and I must write this review.
For my second birthday dinner this weekend, I chose Townsend and while I had initial reservations about the compact menu but I saw enough on the menu that the two of us would want to try for dinner. 
I am SO HAPPY that I went ahead with the plans to dine at Townsend.  
It was a perfect - a truly perfect - experience from beginning to end.
We were greeted warmly and seated promptly upon arrival at table 34 (tucked into the bay window) on the second floor of Townsend.  The immediate ambiance was calm, elegant and understated yet warm and welcoming.
Megin was our server and she was phenomenal.  Knowledgeable, pleasant, professional and engaging, truly someone who know what she is doing and knew everything about the food and drink menu (including the cheese plate designations of P, R & T) that is offered at Townsend.
We started with a couple of Townsend's signature cocktails - I had the 'Bizzy Izzy Highball' at Megin's recommendation and it was refreshing and yummy.  I could have a pitcher of them on a lazy Sunday.  My partner had the Pimms Cup and loved it.  I am not a gin drinker but I could have had a pitcher of these too...!!  I think the ginger syrup and lemon really smoothed out the Christmas tree taste I normally get from gin and made it magnificent.
For dinner, I had the Cidre Bouché Fermier de Normandie (a favorite) and next time I will try a bottle of the Isastegi Sagardo Basque Cider.  As a cider drinker, I was thrilled to see these on the drink menu.
For my first course, I had the Beef Tartare. A very generous portion of fresh, quality beef, perfectly minced and seasoned.  It was served with Idiazabal toast which gave a feathery umami kiss to every bite - delicious.  There was enough for two of us to enjoy although I would have had no trouble polishing off the whole thing.
My dining partner had the marinated Hamachi and it was also delicious.  I do not have any raw fish outside of Japan as a rule; but at the insistence of my dining partner; I had a taste and I could have eaten an entire portion of this myself too!  Fresh, touched with sesame oil with a furikake finish that seems so perfect and makes such sense that you wonder why it isn't a common pairing.
My second course was the foie gras mousse with pear-ginger marmalade.  VrMan XLnt!  vraiment excellent!!  Foie gras mousse perfection.  Again, plenty to share if you are so inclined.
My dining partner had the sweetbreads and they were cooked perfectly - slightly caramelized crisp outside and creamy soft juicy inside.  The accompaniments of parsnip puree, pearl onion soubise and the truffle madeira jus were spot on.  I think my dining partner would have licked the plate clean if he could have!
In between the second and third course, we added the handmade gnocchi special with tomatoes and crimini mushrooms.  Pillowy, light, gnocchi in a beautiful bit of pan sauce accented with some sage (?) roasted cherry tomatoes and crimini mushrooms.  We devoured it.
For my entrée (normally the third dish, but my fourth), I had the lamb en cocotte - again, recommended by M. Megin.  Beautiful dish, an updated, elevated cocotte dish with lamb two ways.  Lamb loin roasted and thin sliced and the lamb shoulder braised (en cocotte) with the most unlikely cocotte-fellows of plum/plumcot, zuchchini, squash, apples and saba.  Incroyable!
My dining partner had the Rabbit pot-au-feu and it was actually a rabbit roasted loin roulade and braised rabbit with a liver mousse crostini amongst the diced carrots and potatoes.  I just cannot eat rabbit (no, not even taste it!) and so I had to take my dining partner's word that it was indeed a superb dish.  
We ended with coffee and dessert, crème brûlée and the pavlova.  Both were perfectly executed.  Townsend's crème brûlée is the one I like to make at home.  Thin, silky cream base, flecked with real vanilla and a crispy, crackly burnt (actually carmelized - not burnt) crust which was garnished with strawberry and blueberries.  Delicious!  The pavlova was equally perfectly executed - beautiful snow white meringue with a crisp exterior and light as air interior floating on a pool of strawberry sauce lightly accented with pernod.  To execute such a perfect pavlova in 72% humidity is the work of someone who know what they are doing.
Mademoiselle Megin - mr6 (merci) thank you for a thoroughly enjoyable evening!  
Chef Wentz - thank you for an amazing meal - vraiment superbe!!This was literally one of the best meals I've ever had! We got the lamb and halibut as entrees and chocolate soufflé for dessert- everything was delicious and the service was impeccable.  Great date spot or for special occasions.Came here for restaurant week yesterday because let's face it, it's expensive and I wanted to try the place for a reasonable price. Welp, I tried it all right! My friend and I started off with some yummy cocktails. I will say our server was very honest and amazing. He accurately described the wines and cocktails and made excellent recommendations. Then came time for the apps. I got, what's I can only describe as a quail egg and some mush on top of a piece of white toast. It wasn't terrible, just not an app I would recommend or get again. My friend got the parsnip soup, which again, wasn't terrible, I just wouldn't recommend or get again. Then I got the gnocchi and she got the venison ( which was an extra $7 which I think is bogus for them to do during restaurant week but whatever it was delicious). Both entrees were very good, however both were extremely tiny. Then came time for the dessert. I got the chocolate mousse and my friend got the blackberry cobbler. They were alright (I'm not a big dessert person) the only reason we ate all of it was because we were starving. After all was said and done we each spent $70 (not including tip) for the $35 per person restaurant week and 2 drinks. Not worth the money if you ask me because when we left we were still hungry and ended up eating when we got home. I wouldn't come here again.I thought this place was good, but not great. I walked in and noticed the ambiance and decor was very tastefully done. The bartender was very nice and conversational. The service right off the bat was very good and stayed that way throughout. We were sat and ordered cocktails which were very good. The house drinks were good as was the old fashioned. The food is where they dropped two stars. We had the Gnocchi, rabbit, fois grois, risotto, and oysters. I tried all of them and, while they were all good none wowed me. I can live with trying five dishes and only a couple are very good to amazing but none really knocked my socks off. I wanted to love it but I thought the food should be on another level. I would still recommend the place but it's not a place that's a must go.There is a reason that Townsend always makes every Top Philly Restaurant list. The cozy, intimate atmosphere and impressive friendly service are just the cherry on top to the high quality food. You can pick from three different courses or do a five course chef's tasting. We chose to pick one item from each of the three courses. I chose the marinated hamachi, petite crab omelette, and roasted duck breast. Each one was extremely fresh and flavorful! If you are looking for a high end restaurant to celebrate a special occasion, I highly suggest Townsend!thin slices of bread and butter
tap water
2 glasses of good red wine
hamachi tiny cubes of fish with lime and spice tasty
warm butter sauce with peas mushrooms ramps asparagus yummy
white meat chicken slices and a slice of chicken sausage tasty 
5 warm thin duck slices on beans yummy, pic below shows 10 slices
154 for 2, tax and tip included
warm thin 
intimate candelit