Food here is amazing! Ordered beef ragu and chicken ragu. Both dishes are very tasty! Plus it's BYOB!!!What an experience! 
My wife and I went on a busy Friday night and staff was overwhelming helpful in both getting us seated and guiding us through a perfect meal. 
I have celiac and the kitchen was amazingly accommodating. 
We had a great time, and even more, a great meal. We will absolutely be going back many times.I've been to Trattoria Carina twice now, once when it was first trying out a small menu, and again now that it uses its full menu. Both times the food was excellent. The first time I was there, I sat outside and enjoyed a nice evening and long conversation with a friend. Tonight, however, I sat inside with a friend and after having been there for 1 hour and 15 minutes and ordering two appetizers and two entrees we were promptly asked by our server to leave to free up the table. I thought this was quite rude. The restaurant does not take reservations because it wants to have a relaxed neighborhood feel, but it does not feel very neighborly or relaxed to kick your customer out after an hour and fifteen minutes. Perhaps it would be better to take reservations and not rush their guests.I was sorry to see that Fitler had closed since it was one of my go to places to take out of town guests. When I tried the new restaurant, however, I was delighted. The interior has been redone and is warm and cheerful. The staff are attentive and knowledgeable and the same talented young chef that ran the kitchen at Fitler is turning his attention to the new menu of Italian food, including an array of really interesting pastas, all of which are house made. We started the meal with the grilled chicken wings with agrodolce sauce and I could have made a meal out of just those! The night we were there the special was a vegetarian lasagna, which was loaded with mushrooms, and had bechamel and red sauce, noodles, (house made!), and taleggio cheese. It was a lovely change from the usual vegetarian lasagna with spinach and ricotta and was absolutely delicious. The shells with crab and an arrabbiata sauce were spectacular- delicate and crabby and not overpoweringly spicy, but with a nice kick. The chef makes the best bolognese sauce I have ever had. I am so glad the place has reopened and it is back to being my favorite place to tke out of town guests, and, come to think of it, in town guests as well.When I saw that Fitler Dining Room had closed, I was quite upset - it had become one of my go to place to show people what new American cuisine in Philly was like, to go on a date night, or just to enjoy a night sitting at the counter and watch the expert staff assemble delicious food and enjoy my own. Trattoria Carina is the next evolution in this spot. The location and staff are the same for the most part, but they blew up the menu and started from scratch and totally redecorated the interior. 
Carina seems to be trying to fly under the radar while they discover their new identity, they have no online presence, and seem to be operating as a walk-in discovery to whomever decides to venture in, and I am so glad I did. My partner and I sat outside, and pondered the menu for a while before deciding on ordering the some wine and grilled broccoli (normally a side for an entree) to start. The broccoli was perfectly grilled and had delicious cheese and breadcrumbs sprinkled throughout, and was a perfect start to the meal. Carina doesn't yet have a wine list, and they have a simple listing of white, rose, and red wines available. We tried the red and rose, and were very happy with what they provided.
For entrees we ordered two pasta dishes. The Shells Granchio Arrabbiato (or spicy crab) was delicious, the sauce had just a little punch to it, and there was not much in the way of crab (it was mostly small pieces sprinkled throughout). What we discovered then is that Carina is looking to really drill down and emphasize their speciality - home made pasta. The sauce and other ingredients are there to lift up and emphasize the pasta. While amazing, I normally would look for a little more when ordering a $20+ plate of food than just pasta, sauce, and a little protein, but whoa was it delicious. 
The Gemelli Genovese was likewise very tasty. Whoever makes Carina's pesto sauce should be kissed. This dish likewise was light on other ingredients, with very thinly shaved pieces of cauliflower layered throughout. Again, I would normally look for more to a dish like this, but what they brought was a treat for the mouth. 
For dessert we got hazelnut gelato, which was also very delicious - though it was served with a somewhat strange pretzel cookie, which seemed to serve as a palette cleanser, but didn't really seem to go with the gelato. I ordered a flourless chocolate cake which was sprinkled with confectionery sugar and which was perfectly moist throughout and had an explosion of pure chocolate flavor. My partner thought it could use some fruit to go with it (raspberry maybe) but I was fine with it just the way it was. 
Service was also fantastic - Bruce was constantly buzzing by our table, answering questions and giving us tips. If you go make sure to give your feedback to the staff, as they are definitely looking to refine, revise, and evolve this place into a neighborhood spot that will last, and I hope it does. 
We'll be back. Soon.What a wonderful little place.  I was visiting relatives and we were all in the mood for Italian food.  We came upon Trattoria Carina quite by accident and decided to give it a try.  The staff is really terrific - friendly and genuinely happy to see you.  The Chef came out to discuss some of his creations.  The place is buzzing and charming to look at.  And the food is really, really good.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a very nice dining experience.Fantastic restaurant, had the truffle and foie gras pasta special and it was worth every penny.  The spicy crab was just as good, as was the grilled octopus.  The service, including the host and just about everyone we passed on the way in and out of the restaurant, is genuinely friendly and attentive.  I honestly couldn't have asked for a better dining experience.  Having just moved to the neighborhood I look forward to making this a regular spot.Thank you to the management for reinventing as such a great, neighborhood appropriate restaurant. Family friendly while maintaining excellent quality and flavors. Nice selection of wine, but allows BYOB. Staff are super, and the space is beautiful. Value for the reasonable price. I almost want to keep you my little secret, but know it won't be long before word gets out. Looking forward to many delicious meals with you.Yummy food overall good intimate and classy restaurant. very nice aesthetic, a lot of light. Food was delicious. I had the tagliatelle it was delicious but a relatively smaller portion for the price I paid. The meat sauce was also very good, I was very satisfied with the flavor. The other dish I posted is the first menu item (can't remember the name). had some anchovy flavor in it? very good squid ink pasta. I also had a caesar salad that was average and pricy for the size! 
highlight- Great service. The waiter was very knowledgeable and explained the menu to us thoroughly ( we had a lot of questions).The food is 5 star. The arugula salad was made from fresh light fluffy green not stemmy arugula with a light and tasty dressing. The pasta shells with crab were heavenly. The pasta shells were small, light, and cute, with small but tasty amounts of spicy crab mixed in, and a light almost invisible sauce, making each bite taste sensational. The apple tart was disappointing with a hard crust on the bottom and sliced apples on top. 
They do not take reservations. The room was almost filled at 5:30 on a Saturday night so we sat at the window counter which had a nice view of a snowy evening and was actually quieter than the tables which are so close together creating 2 community tables. But the stools have no backs, there are no coat hooks, so it's a compromise. The servers were prompt and attentive. We brought our own wine. Overall, excellent meal and I recommend it if you are not looking for space and comfort.Extremely rude male host/manager who made us feel very unwelcome.  Food and space were nice but will never go back because of him.  These days service is just as important as food.  
We were a party of 6 which wanted to try the restaurant on Friday night. We walked in to put our names in around 815pm and they told us that realistically with the kitchen closing at 10 they could not seat us. We left our information anyway. We were on our way to another restaurant when they called us at 915 saying they could seat us if we wanted at 930. Since we were very excited to try this new place we rearranged our plans and then called them back to let them know we could make the reservation. 
When we got there we were missing 1 of the 6 people who had just run home to drop off a bag.  We understood that the policy was to have everyone there to be seated but it was also 930pm and we were going to be the last table sitting there.  We explained this to one person at the door stating that we were missing 1 person but we did not need to wait for them to order and that they were just a few mins behind.   We were cold and hungry and ready to sit down.  It seemed like they would let us sit down. 
This is when the tall man with the beard came over and told us that we absolutely could not sit down that policy was policy because if someone else walked in with a full party they would give away our table. What???  His demeanor was extremely unfriendly and his policy and reasoning for the policy absurd.  When we tried to reason with him he said - 'we can do this all night, you're not sitting until complete. '  
We were actually debating leaving because we felt so unwelcome.  The last person then arrived (within 5 mins as we had told him) and due to the late hour we decided to stay.
Then when we sat down someone asked for bread as we were reviewing the menus and the response was 'you'll get bread once you order'.  Did he think we were going to eat the bread and leave without ordering food? 
I understand that restaurants have policies in place for a reason but there should also be some common sense and courtesy applied to the situation which in this case was not done.  The venue and food was good but none of us plan on ever returning as the whole experience was extremely negative and unwelcoming.Yumb, yumb, yumb!  What a delicious reboot of the Fitler Square restaurant. The reboot is designed to mirror a neighborhood trattoria and they have hit a home run here.  The meatballs were delicious and the homemade pasta was perfectly prepared al dente with a light but rich sauce. This spot is a top ten in Philly!Very good pasta and food. Excellent staff and service . Ask for Elizabeth, she's the best host and server . Fun ambience and creative menu.Food was good but portions are small. Seems like they are still trying to get themselves up and running since service was lackluster. We probably won't come back given how many other options there are in the city, but it was worth a try.I'm so glad by niece lives around the corner and suggested this place and that she knew to get there before 6:30.  By 6:45 the place was full!  I'm so sad she is moving farther away!  We decided not to BYOB because we knew ahead of time the cocktail selection.  My Negroni and her Aperol Sprtiz were excellent and priced right.  My beef carpaccio appetizer was outstanding and served on a very cold plate, as it should be.  My niece loved her olives and pickled peppers.  The olive I snuck from her dish was outstanding.  My niece got the pasta with clams and she loved it.  The pasta (I can't remember what it's called but it was a twisted, solid bucatini-type pasta - no hole in the middle) with fungi is the best I've had outside of Italy.  Service was friendly, water glasses were filled often, and the pace was even and not rushed (they kept checking, surreptitiously, to be sure we were done).  My pizzelle were a tad sweet for my taste, but I managed to finish all 5 of them.  A definite repeat - with or without my niece!So delicious! Made my reservation through open table for the same day and am so happy there were (somehow) still times open! This place has a lovely, airy ambiance. Our table wasn't ready so they happily accommodated us at the counter area so we could order our drinks. Within 10 minutes we were seated. The Bolognese was AMAZING! The portion was just the right size and it was both light and delicious! Bolognese can be really heavy but not in this case. I will happily go back!!Just finished an amazing meal at Carina! It is an awesome small restaurant that really puts an effort into delivering high quality Italian meals. Our waiter was Beryl and he made some great suggestions- the lamb was fantastic (nice crispy outside and tender on the inside)!Great italian restaurant with a refined menu! I love the menu here doesn't overwhelm you with 385738 options like a diner would. It has a few selections under each category. 
Started with pickled vegetables and meatballs both which were delicious. For entree ended up getting a few pasta dishes to share. Their homemade pasta is delicious. My personal favorite was the spaghetti in white wine sauce with garlic and little neck clams. Refreshing for a hot summer day! 
Also most importantly, this place is both BYOB and also serves!The pastas the appetizers the meatballs. Did I mention we got a third plate of meatballs? Where's our fourth plate of meatballs?You can't literally taste how fresh the pasta is. I love how there isn't too much on the menu which means what they DO have is top notch. The place is on the smaller side which means you'd benefit from making a reservation.An altogether forgettable experience though the over-salted taste lingered and my eardrums barely recovered.  
The food is mediocre.  The preponderence of pasta dishes run about $24 each.  At that price someone should train the staff to properly drain the pasta.  Our party of four did not have appetizers so I cannot comment on these.
What I can say is that the noise was deafening, making an unremarkable food experience even worse.  The surfaces in this small space are almost entirely hard beginning with tiled walls.  It was painful.
I might also add the service was perfunctory.
With so many choices for Italian food this one doesn't make the cut.If you're in search of one of the best, cozy and delicious Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, get your tail over to Trattoria Carina ASAP! 
Carina got quite the update and doesn't even resemble the previous Fitler Dining Room. Beautiful interior design with light walls, subway tiles, red accents and a very warm environment.  This beautiful jewel box on the corner of 22nd and Pine (nestled in the Fitler Square) is EXACTLY what this neighborhood needed- a straight forward menu that will satisfy any palette amongst your dining companions, BYOB, but also has a small but robust bar menu (hello Negronis!)
My brother, mother and I came in on a Thursday night at 6PM which was already bustling (definitely not shocked by the amazing reviews we've read about TC).  We were heading to wine school after dinner and were told to eat light, so we ordered four dishes and dessert to share.  What a perfect dinner and sweet ending! We ordered the meatballs and caesar salad to start, followed by the tagliatelle bolognese, the chicken milanese, and flourless chocolate cake with hazelnut gelato for dessert.
The meatballs were huge, flavorful, and topped with the most full bodied marinara and ricotta cheese.  A MUST! The caesar was fresh, perfectly dressed and topped with crunchy homemade croutons.  The pasta was by far the favorite dish, topped with a hearty beef ragu that filled our stomachs on a cold December evening. The chicken milanese was also a star dish- a very light and flavorful arugula salad accompanied by roasted cauliflower (with a hint of lemon) topped a huge piece of chicken that was breaded to perfection.  
Dessert ended on a very sweet note (our family loves dessert) with the flourless chocolate cake with Hazelnut Gelato which is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Do yourself a favor and head over to Carina early, often and sooner than later! Cheers :)Last night, I went into Trattorina Carina for dinner. I honestly don't write reviews, but tonight was an exception. While in town with friends, we all went out to this tiny, Italian BYOB. The place is super cute , warm and inviting staff, with an open kitchen ( which makes it so fun to watch two impressive chefs cook ). We byoed ( which you can do but they have a small bar as well ). Our server ,Diva , gave us a ton of recommendations. She was knowledgeable , checked in frequently without being overbearing, and made sure our wine glasses were always filled. First we had the arugula salad. It was simple , clean and refreshing. For my entree,l had the grilled branzino per Diva's recommendation . It did not disappoint. It reminded me of a trip to Italy years ago! It was amazing. I also tasted my friends ' Spicy Crab' pasta and it was amazing too. Such simple flavors with careful attention to subtle details . We didn't get dessert (I was to full ), but Diva recommend we have a digestif to share. I never had one before , but since she helped create such a lovely experience, I thought why not? I had the Amaro Subino, rich with clove and Carmel notes. I am a converted Amaro fan ! We enjoyed Amaro and Rival Bros coffee ( so good !) With great conversation. Even when we left, the entire staff said good-bye bye. What a charming and delightful experience. I will certainly be back.Good food overall. But the four stars is really for the service we really didn't care for one of our entrees and briefly mentioned that to the server. They ended up taking the whole entree off the bill and also we got a free starter. That's the incredible kind of service you really don't see any more and I definitely can appreciate that. It reminds me of the time a bellhop at a Pittsburgh Marriott paid for a cab to take us to dinner. It was so unnecessary but you know what every single time I go back to Pittsburgh I go to that hotel. That's how I feel about this restaurant I will go back just because of the service.TL;DR - Our meal and service were adequate, but would not recommend considering the abundance of quality Italian BYO restaurants in the city.
We attended Trattoria Carina on a Monday night with a group of seven for the Restaurant Week menu. Having experienced Restaurant Week menus from dozens of restaurants in the city, I generally try to set my expectations on the lower side and hope to be pleasantly surprised.
Planning for a party of seven was a bit challenging in that the restaurant does not offer reservations and will only allow the party to be seated once all guests have arrived. There is virtually no space to wait, and standing in the way waiting for the rest of the party to arrive (all the while staring at empty tables) was not ideal. Given that this is a new restaurant, I understand that there are some areas that they will have to work on. I also understand seven is a tough number to work with. I would suggest allowing guests to place their name and number before the entire party is there, or maybe partnering with a local bar to allow guests to grab a drink while they wait.
We eventually sat down at the empty table we were waiting next to the whole time, and we received slices of focaccia bread with whipped ricotta and honey as our first course. The bread was flavorful and the ricotta was rich and creamy. My only critique would be that the honey was a bit overpowering making the dish too sweet, and I would prefer an "amuse-bouche" that is a bit more creative and palate cleansing.
For our second course, my wife ordered the seafood salad and I ordered the meatballs. The salad was delicious and properly portioned with large pieces of mussels, calamari, and shrimp. The meatballs were overly seasoned and unfortunately quite disappointing. While the texture of the meatball was tender and the sauce well complimented by ricotta, it was difficult to taste anything beyond the overwhelming level of salt.
For our main course, my wife and I both ordered the shells with spicy crab. The waitress highlighted that all of the pasta dishes featured freshly made pasta, which was a bit odd as I assume any Italian restaurant at this price point would be making their own pasta. That being said, the pasta we received was overcooked, mushy, and only about 70% of the shells were fully intact. There were no chunks of crabmeat, rather the crab essentially disintegrated into the sauce. Most importantly, the flavor was once again masked by an overabundance of salt.
We ordered both the apple cake and chocolate tarte for desert. Looking around the room, the portion sizes were inconsistent and presentation lackluster. Regardless, both deserts were quite good, although the chocolate cake was a bit too dry and easily crumbled.
Overall, our experience was fine, but unremarkable. There are so many great Italian BYO restaurants in the city, some within walking distance to Carina. What stood out most for me was the excess salt in their food. I also think back on the disappointing texture of the pasta, a fundamental flaw for an Italian restaurant. The timing of our courses was faster than expected, so maybe taking a bit more time to focus on each dish could do them well. For these reasons, it is unlikely that I will return.After seeing the great reviews, my friends and I were so excited to try this new Italian neighborhood restaurant! Because they don't take reservations and are such a small, intimate place, it took us a few tries to get in without a several hour wait. Because it's so small, the only option is to wait outside, which is not my first choice in the winter in Philly! 
The restaurant itself is adorable. Very intimate and nicely decorated with a small bar and open kitchen. The service is courteous and efficient, they have to be in such a small, busy space.  
They have a small drink menu with a single beer, white, and red wine option each and a few cocktails, but are also a BYOB. I would probably prefer to BYO on a future visit. The menu is small with interesting twists on traditional Italian dishes. On the weeknight we visited, they also had several innovative specials. A friend and I each tried a special dish. I had a pasta dish with a pork ragu that was unbelievably delicious. The slow cooked pork was incredibly flavorful and the cheese in the dish was high quality. The other special was a 'Philly hoagie' style pasta dish which was also excellent. The portions were average, but the food was so rich neither of us was able to finish our dish. 
I was also impressed with how the servers handled an allergy in our party - asking questions to ensure the dish was made safely for the person.
Overall, I didn't love the limited drink menu or the long wait in the cold, but I loved the atmosphere and food and would return with small group and my own bottle of wine!From the folks that brought you the acclaimed Pub & Kitchen, Trattoria Carina is a casual Italian gem found in the Fitler Square-Rittenhouse area. And it may be our new go-to spot, right on the corner of 22nd and Spruce. This "Little Darling" has a small menu, but it's big on flavor and execution, all under the execution of Chef Melissa McGrath. And recently, Trattoria Carina has expanded to include brunch on the weekends! 
To start our day, the GF and I enjoyed a citrusy-bitter Aperol Spritz and a sweet-and-spicy Bloody Mary, complete with a solid antipasti skewer! And including its bar program, Trattoria Carina is reportedly BYO (no corkage!). 
Gold Rush Apple Cake [$6]
The apple cake is a must. Moist, soft, and buttery within, the grilled exterior helped to provide a nicely crisp textural contrast. Perfect to drape with some of that salted butter. 
Warm Castle Valley Polenta [$9]
Honey mascarpone, walnut granola, Concord grape
A unique take on typically savory polenta, we enjoyed the sweet acidity afforded by the Concord grape jam. Studded with plenty of the walnut granola and a bit of the honey mascarpone, this is a nice reprieve from any savory items you might order during brunch! 
Bucatini Carbonara [$23]
Bacon, Parmesan 
Savory, you say? How do you come to Trattoria Carina and not order the carbonara? Thick bucatini noodles are appropriately coated in egg yolk, plenty of Parm, and with a nice hit of black pepper. Interspersed throughout are salty nuggets of slab bacon. No need for any heavy cream here, folks. Trattoria Carina is doing it right.
Baked Eggs All'Amatriciana [$14]
Guanciale, Parmesan, Lost Bread Co. focaccia 
The smell emanating from this dish almost made me put my camera away. Almost. But as the GF likes to joke, the camera eats first. In a spiced up take on shakshuka, the savoriness of the "gravy" was perfect to dip the Lost Bread co. focaccia in. And as my fellow Master of None fans might say, "it's all bout that guanciale." The salty, fatty hits of the cured meat really made each bite. If only I could have had more bread (not that I asked!). 
So if you're looking for a new spot to hit up for brunch, please check out Trattoria Carina. Along with the delicious dishes, you'll get great service. In fact, ask for Bill if he's available. I know I'll be back soon for dinner! The angry crab pasta Craig LaBan raved about it is already calling my name.Superb service and divine food. Really, the food was exceptional. Like in Italy, my dishes had only a few ingredients that were prepared to showcase their natural flavors. I appreciated the fresh ingredients and extensive charcuterie options. The wine list is a bit limited in scope and flavor profiles, but you can always bring your own favorite bottle to pair with dinner. The menu doesn't follow traditional trattoria-style categories (pasta, entree, etc.) but the offerings are nonetheless dynamic and thoughtfully married.
I'd love to see an espresso machine. The coffee was divine, but Italians take their coffee espresso-style following a meal.Sad, because we loved Fitler Dining Room so much. Used to frequent FDR once a week. Now, prices are higher, portions are smaller, menu is less creative. BYOB status is a definite plus. However, slightly disappointed with the new direction. Gotta be honest, still can't rate it any lower than a 4, since the quality of pasta is still amazing.This place has some of the best Italian food in philly and the service was amazing! It was also nice to sit outside somewhere quiet. I will definitely be back!Beautiful, clean and bright corner space with some people doing great things behind the kitchen counter.  Grab a seat at the kitchen bar and watch the great stuff happen, all while chatting up the 3 person team making it happen.
Starting with the octopus, I was introduced to perhaps the mkost tender tentacle ever.  I was very surprised to find it had a 90 minute config before going on the grill.  It's a must do starter, and you'll want to tell others to keep their forks away.
The branzino was great over a slightly citrusy pile of fregola with vegetables.  Tasting like it had been done in a stock, it was a great accompaniment to the fish, itself topped with a vibrant small salad. The only issue: the fish had rested a bit too long for me. I would have liked it hotter (it was still warm) because the flavors would have popped more with the heat.  Small quibble.
Ending with a flourless chocolate cake I felt surprisingly full.  
Great service, nice people. A definite come back.Friendly service and such fresh and delicious pastas! Ordered the meatballs, brown butter squash bucatini, and the spicy crab shells. As a seafood lover, the spicy crab shells were absolutely delicious, but I think the flavor may have been too "fishy" for those who are not as fond of that flavor profile. The bucatini's sauce is rich, but the bacon, brown butter, and squash are all very complementary. I'm glad I tried the meatballs - nothing groundbreaking, but delicious nonetheless. Just wished they replaced your utensils after each course.I saw a popular Philly food account post pictures from her experience here on her Instagram and it looked too good to pass up! My friend and I decided to go for brunch. We were greeted by a friendly hostess/ waitress who quickly sat us. There were ~8 other people in the restaurant. 
The meal started with coffee which was not hot at all but whatever I didn't want to complain over something so small. It was warm and fine. The waitress took our orders and was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. 
I ordered the Meatball Sandwich and my friend ordered some Artichoke/Bean dish (we can't remember the name). 
Our food came out in a reasonable time and was very delicious. The bread was amazing and I wish we could have had more!! 
If we come back, we would come for the pasta which is apparently amazing. I wish we tried it. 
Overall the ambience and high quality food (besides the coffee), left us with a pleasant taste in our mouths and we will probably be back for dinner. We have never been to an Italian restaurant for brunch so this was a new twist on a classic.Such a cutie little place! They have outdoor seating too. They take reservations you just need to call. The service was great, our waiter gave us great recommendations that were delicious. We started with the asparagus. I had the shells with crab that was delicious. It was a little spicy for me but overall delicious, I would get it again. Best part is it's byob! Or they have a bar as well you can order from.Were only in Philadelphia for the day and went here for dinner.  Was excellent food and a fun setting.  Top quality and super fresh.  We will definitely go again every time we are back through Philadelphia.My S.O. and I went to Carina for dinner on a Sunday, early enough that we didn't have to make reservations. Note that while they serve their own drink list, they don't charge a corkage fee if you want to byo.
We sampled a few starters and an entree. I always like to save the best bite for last, so that'll be the flow for this food review as well!  
Dishes that were meh:
- grilled octopus appetizer. This was probably my least favorite. It was tender but unfortunately over-charred, so much so that it was hard to taste beyond that metallic bitterness. The melons and vinaigrette did little to help. 
- summer squash and beans. This was beautiful to look at but really bland. Some acid or a crispy element would have helped to brighten it up.
Here's what I was would definitely go back for: 
- meatballs, which came with fresh and creamy ricotta. Super moist and flavorful.
- spicy crab arrabbiato with pasta shells. Hands down, our favorite. This was the dish that swayed my review from a three to a four. It had a bit of a spicy kick, but not at all overpowering. Every bite was packed with a savory, briny, tomatoe-y punch. How good was it, you ask? It was so good that we sheepishly asked for more bread just to soak up the sauce on the bottom of the plate.Really good dinner this week at this cute Trattoria.  Service was terrific and attentive, even joining the conversation.  The octopus appetizer was terrific and I will go back for another chicken milanese.  The only drawback to this place is the limited menu (no specials) and small drink menu although byob-ing it is probably the way to go.I loved this place! The pasta was cooked perfectly and the servers were very nice. They serve alcohol but it's also BYOB with no corkage fee. While menu is slightly small, it changes seasonally. Will definitely be coming back to this restaurant.Great little Italian BYOB! The pasta is delicious and they usually have great specials. The bruschetta with ricotta honey and mushrooms is also delicious. The place is pretty small, so I'd recommend calling ahead if you're going on a busy night or with a big group. That being said, the sidewalk tables are first come first serve and I think they're the best seats in the house! Oddly specific but their outdoor chairs are way more comfortable than their indoor ones. The wait staff have always been very friendly as well!When visiting a city, I rarely will try the same restaurant twice. However, this place stuck out so much that I had to come back first thing when I came to visit Philly again. Quaint, homey, with an open kitchen concept, the wonderful smell of Italian cuisine greets you at the door. From what I heard from our waiter, all pasta is made fresh in-house. I enjoyed the tagliatelle Bolognese. Meanwhile, my girlfriend loved her gemelli with fresh pistachio pesto, basil, and lemon. We shared plates along with a burrata/fresh tomato appetizer and were simply astounded at the quality of the meal. They're also BYOB, which is great. You can bring in a nice bottle of Chianti and indulge in the wonderful flavors of fresh Italian. What are you waiting for?!Absolutely LOVED Trattoria Carina. I was in Philadelphia for work and had a free evening for dinner. I decided to look for an Italian restaurant since I am totally a pasta snob. I looked around and decided that Trattoria Carina was the type of place I was looking for: Made from scratch, neighborhood gem that took reservations! I booked my table and it was ready for me when I arrived. The restaurant was busy and has indoor tables, outdoor tables and counter seating near the kitchen. I ordered a glass of Montepulciano, which is my go-to when I'm at an Italian restaurant. The menu offered so many things I wanted to try. However, I decided to keep it under control and have a starter and a main. I started with the arugula salad and the waiter let me know that the arugula was from a nearby farm. It tasted fresh and peppery, exactly how I like it! It was balanced out with fennel, pine nut, lemon dressing - all in a good ratio to the arugula. For my main, I went traditional with the Tagliatelle Bolognese and I was not disappointed. I savored every single last bite. They also brought bread to the table with fresh dipping oil, which was a nice addition to the meal. The service was attentive and friendly - I could tell they knew some of the other regulars quite well, which added to the neighborhood charm for me. The kitchen stayed busy and it wasn't hard to tell why. If you have allergies or other dietary concerns, they were very accommodating to those for the others sitting around me, so don't think you're limited to what the menu says (although if you don't have dietary restrictions, I would order as is as the chef definitely knows what they are doing!). Grazie mille!As an avid Diving Horse and P&K fan, this place is very disappointing. When it was Fitler Dining Room, the food was welcoming and fresh and the service was great. Now, the hostess is extremely rude, the wait staff is unaccommodating, and the food is sub-par. We have given it a few try's, but sadly won't be going back.I was with Federica, who recently reviewed this restaurant.  And she is spot on with her review and comments.  It's such a shame because it's a great spot and the food was good.  And let's not forget that when we did eventually sit down they ran out of specials!Solid 5 stars for this mind blowing place! I just had the most amazing italian food in a long long time! 
Went with a couple of friends and ordered a bunch of things: Panzanella (tomatoes were juicy, burrata was fresh, bread was soaking with flavor) Spicy crab (Shells Granchio Arrabbiato - my personal favorite), Pesto Gemelli, Beef Tagliatelle Bolognese - everything was ridiculously delicious. 
I would also give 10 stars to service here - extremely friendly and courteous staff.
For a BYOB, it has a pretty satisfying drinks menu with 6-7 cocktails, a bunch of reds/whites and rosès. I had the Carina Margarita which has elderflower in it and it did not disappoint. 
They also have a pretty inclusive italian dessert menu ranging from Tiramisu and Salted Caramel Budino to Gelatos. We had the Chocolate cake with vanilla whipped cream and it was really good. I can't wait to come back to try the Tiramisu and Budino.We're already regulars at this awesome taste of Italy in our neighborhood. My wife looks forward to her Aperol spritz, and there's something about coming here that makes you feel like you're on vacation somewhere with a rocky beach. Come early and you'll see so many young families like ours enjoying the outdoor seating. Our kids love the home made pasta. We've tried several dishes and so far the real standout was the branzino. You can't go wrong with any of their pasta dishes either, and the charcuterie and cheese plate is great. Hope this place is here for the long haul!Just tried this little neighborhood gem.  Staff are friendly.  Food is great.  Try the toast specials.  The Caciio de pepe was delicious.  The portions for the chicken parmegiana are huge.  Quality food.  Only downside  is the tables are close, but with the right people at the next table, becomes more of an intimate social fare.This place is so good. My friend and I came here on a Saturday night for an early dinner. We didn't have a reservation but got lucky and got a table despite the fact. 
First of all, the atmosphere here is very warm and welcoming. It feels like a homey kitchen. They also have al fresco seating with heat lamps, and the flowers in the flower boxes are so beautiful. 
Second, the food is amazing. We got two appetizers - an Italian salad which was good and a panzanella salad which was SO good. It was perfectly toasted bread with arugula, roasted squash and slightly melted burrata cheese. For the main course we got cacio y Pepe pasta (amazing) and the chef special which was an amazing halibut in the most delicious autumnal sauce over potatoes. We also split the tiramisu which was one of the best tiramisus I've ever had. 
The service was great. Our waitress was Brittany and she was lovely- very friendly and had great recommendations. We also received complimentary aperitifs which were a nice unexpected treat!Loved and will absolutely return. We went to dinner on a Friday night and made reservations in advance. The food and service was top notch! I appreciated the offer to hang our coats given the restaurant is intimate. It was a nice customer service touch right in the door. 
We brought a bottle of our favorite Chardonnay. I love a BYOB that is a true BYOB (read as: no corkage fee). We received water and our bottle was opened promptly as soon once we got settled. 
My boyfriend and I split the arugula salad. It was good. Light with a lemon punch. It was more than enough to share between two people. I ordered the Gemelli. I have a thing for pesto and this didn't disappoint. The Meyers lemon balanced the pistachio pesto. My boyfriend ordered the chicken Parmesan. It was a good portion sized with fresh ziti underneath. He is a man of few words but provided "GREAT!" when I asked for his thoughts. We had the broccoli rabe side and I could have two more bowls of it. If you like garlic, this is a much order. 
We skipped dessert this time as we were very full. But already have our plan to make sure we have dessert space next visit.
The service was very good. Our waitress was personable and attentive without being pushy or overbearing. All of the staff was friendly and welcoming. I felt like I was dining in their family home. I highly recommend visiting. You will not be disappointed!Wow! What a gem! We sat at the chefs counter and had a wonderful experience watching tht crew craft out dishes. We had the complimentary bread with a whipped ricotta antipasto and for our mains we had two pastas. The ricotta was excellent and paired well with a chilli date compote with some olive oil. It was a tad sweeter then what I was expecting but still very very good. 
For the pastas we shared the cacio e Pepe and the beef tagliotelle! Hands down best pasta dishes we have had since moving to Philadelphia. Hot, chewy and oh so flavorful. We followed this up with an amaro and the chocolate mousse which was phenomenal! I almost cried. 
We had a great night and would hands down recommend this place!My husband made an outdoor rezzie for our anniversary here this past Wednesday, and we had the absolute best experience. The forecast for the evening had thunderstorms, but we decided to risk it and showed up a bit earlier than our rezzie in hopes that we could avoid it, which we didn't  We ended up being the only two people crazy enough to have dinner outside during a rainstorm, but the awning covered just enough of our table and we were able to dine relatively dryly. We had the best server who was super sweet and attentive, and she even poured us some champagne on the house for us to celebrate! The food was seriously delicious--starting with the bread! Just perfect. I think my favorite menu was the grilled octopus appetizer with chickpeas. We used the bread to sop up the leftover sauce and it was DIVINE. I would have been satisfied if the meal ended there. Both pastas were amazing as well. The raviolis were on the sweeter side (not to mention beautiful), while the tagliatelle was unctuous and flavorful. Overall a fantastic meal. 100% will be back and recommend!Such a great spot! Service was amazing and the suggestions from Diva, our waitress, were on point! Definitely a spot to come back to, and the fact that it's BYOB is a huge plus.
Amazing date spot/hang out.They have amazing handmade pasta. Please do yourself a huge favor and go here. They are a byob spot however they do have a bar so it's ok if you didn't bring anything. The Cacio e Pepe and bolognese were AMAZING. Phenomenal!We absolutely loved our meal here last night. The menu is concise but has all the best Italian dishes. The bread had an herb or grain crust along the sides and was served with a bowl of olive oil. Super dense, but just like the bread in Italy it needed some salt. We started with a shared arugula salad, very fresh and light with tons of pine nuts. Then shared the meatball app which was 3 enormous incredible spicy meatballs. I got the spicy crab pasta and my husband got the pesto gemelli. We couldn't decide who's was better, both were delicious.
It's BYOB but they also have a drink menu. The restaurant is a bit crammed inside with long communal tables, a chefs counter and a window counter. The outside table on a comfortable night is your best bet. We loved this place and will definitely be coming back soon...Both pastas we ordered were incredible. Maybe one of the best pasta places in the city. A must...even on a rainy rate. They treat you great!Had an incredible night with great food and great service. The Brooklyn Improv Troupe's very own "Duchess of DelCo" made our night incredibly fun and special!We had a fantastic meal with wine at this terrific restaurant last evening. The burrata salad and broccoli rabe were wonderful as appetizers. Ordered the octopus salad too but very little octopus in there. Two pasta dishes with amazing sauces were shared by three of us and we were too filled for desert!  Marybeth our server was a delight and truly royalty in Delco. I highly recommendAMAZING TAKEOUT! This was my first time trying Trattoria Carina and I'm in love! We ordered the cacio e Pepe, garlic bread, the ragu tagliatelle, and a Caesar salad!! Was thoroughly impressed with all the dishes because they were fresh and flavorful!! Perfect for a date night at home like we did!! I will be back soon!!We were a group of 8 that came here for a friend's birthday and it was the perfect spot! IT's BYO so we brought 4 bottles of wine that were all out by the time we finished.
We ordered one of each pasta on the menu and split it family style and every single one I tried was perfect. We also tried each of the starters and although all were great, my favorite was the homemade meatballs that I mixed and matched with pastas. 
Our server was lovely and helped us surprise our friend for her birthday and didn't make us feel bad at all for staying a bit past closing hours.Adorable Italian restaurant with excellent food!
Trattoria Carina is situated on a quiet corner in a beautiful neighborhood, making it feel like you've escaped the city. It's a small space, seating only 32 guests. The menu is very limited, which I actually liked because Italian restaurants tend to have an overwhelming list of pastas and entrees.
I ordered the branzino which was served over farro, hazelnuts, and grapes - very fresh and light. The cocktails were good, but definitely on the expensive side for their size; next time we'll take advantage of the byob.Trattoria Carina is single handedly the best restaurant in Philadelphia. Not only is the food out of this world but the service is next to none. The workers at trattoria are so welcoming and make you feel at home which makes your dining experience that much more pleasurable. I've been there 3 times now and after my first time dining with them they remembered me by name. If you're looking for a perfect date night or even a place to dine alone, Trattoria Carina is the place to go. 
Ps I downloaded the Yelp app just to write this review. It's THAT GOODI drive by this restaurant every day on my way to work and I always think to myself I would love to stop in there... tonight my friend and I finally went in for dinner! It was exactly as I had imagined.
The food was wonderful and they allowed us to bring our own wine (even though they do also serve cocktails). The service was wonderful - We sat at a little outside table. We shared the meatball appetizer (highly recommend!!) and a few of the pasta dishes (spicy crab shells and bolognese).  
We are definitely going back and this will certainly be in our regular mix of restaurants.Great hidden gem in filter square/Rittenhouse. Went for restaurant week lunch and it was delicious! The Caesar salad was plentiful and the croutons were delicious. The bucatini Carbonara was heavenly! The service was wonderful. Only complaint is the place is loud. Will come back though!Ordered the chicken parm per our server's recommendation (not my typical order). If you've been wondering if you should try Trattoria Carina for the price, order the chicken parm and split it with someone. Plenty of food for the price and more than enough for one person. It was cheesy, garlicky and juicy.This is such a little hidden treasure in Philly. My family was visiting but my grandmother can't walk too far so we settled for this place. Little did we know it was AMAZING. Everything we had was delicious! I had the crab arrabbiata, which I did not even consider but the waitress highly recommended. It was incredible and the entire table agreed. The homemade meatballs and mushroom ricotta toast are to die for! Most importantly, the butterscotch pudding was probably my favorite dessert I've ever had. 
Very reasonably priced for the amazing food!Great tasting food. Tables were socially distanced outdoors and staff was quick with service.Went here during a weekend trip to Philly, and left wishing we could take it back to NYC with us! We ordered the arugula salad, meatballs, and the pesto pasta, and every bite was more delicious than the last. They were very generous with the focaccia that came with the table, as both my girlfriend and I couldn't stop eating eat. Everything was rich and flavorful, and portion sizes were perfect. Service was great too! One of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time!I really enjoyed my brunch at Trattoria.  The best part is that they have some cute seating options outside the restaurant on their sidewalk.  The tables are surrounded by flowers, so on a nice day, it's the perfect spot for brunch. My friend and I ordered mimosas and the cheese and charcuterie plate to start. We got the whipped ricotta as a cheese option, and it was amazing!
Then I ordered the gemelli pasta dish, which was a pistachio pesto, and it was delicious! It was one of the best pasta dishes I've had in the city.  Overall, I was really pleasantly surprised by Trattoria, and I will be back for dinner!Wonderul food and great service, would definitely come again. The blackberry sorbet was out of this world, and try mixing it with the peach upside-down cake.Had a wonderful experience here last night. We noticed they had an open reservation so we booked and went over. Couple tables were taking longer than expected and we were offered to sit at the counter and have a drink while we waited. We took the offer and while waiting, ended up staying at the counter for our meal. 
I didn't get the managers name but she was younger with brown hair. She is an incredible manager - I have not felt so accommodated and taken care of in a restaurant in a long time. 
Incredible service from everyone that really left a positive impression. Food was great - can't wait to go back again.Phenomenal food. Great service. Great portions. Cooked fresh and everything is so art fully crafted. Got seated at the bar right near the prep cook so we got to watch the chefs cook everything and they did a great job. Food was hot and tasty. The octopus with beans was heavenly. 
The dessert was okay but the main entree and appetizers  were amazing.We live nearby and eat here often. Always great food. Lovely style and vibe. Last Friday, however, we had poor service: we waited a lot, dirty dishes stayed around, water glasses empty, etc. The waiter's effusiveness doesn't substitute for paying attention to customers.Trattoria Carina blew me away.
From the attentive service to the incredible pasta to the BYOB option-- this dining experience was really top-notch. I'm not in Philly often enough to try the same restaurant twice, but I have a feeling I might have to make an exception for Trattoria Carina.
We started out with a variety of small plates -- meatballs, ricotta mushroom bruschetta, burrata topped with pistachio and prosciutto / sopersatta. Everything was standout but the meatballs definitely stole the show. If you are just going to order one app that would be my suggestion. 
Most of the main entrees are pasta, and with so many delicious options it's really hard to want anything else. My friend who has tried many items off the menu suggested going with the bolognese for my first time. She was absolutely spot on. The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, came topped with the most flavorful meat sauce and had so much fresh parm. I tried some of my husband's chicken parm and that was also delicious. It was literally the size of an entire plate.
Did we over order? Yes. 
Was it worth it? Yes. 
Would I come here again? Heck yes.
A nod to getting old - I'd rather stuff my face in a plate of pasta over going into a bar on St. Patties day. But you know what? If I can do it at Trattoria Carina I don't mind.Made a reservation for restaurant week on a whim an hour and a half before me and my boyfriend went. We got there and they told us it would be about a 15-20 minute as there were tables that they were waiting on to finish up and we didn't mind so we sat on the little bench by the window. After about 15 minutes the manager came over and apologized for the wait and told us she didn't know how long it would be, but she wanted to make it up and offered us a free glass of wine and appetizer at the counter while we waited. We then realized we could just at the counter and eat so we did and the meal was incredible! 
The service and management alone at this restaurant won me over as a repeat guest and I am so happy there is a little spot near our house that we can frequent for DELICIOUS italian food.This place is excellent.  Went with 4 ppl total, everyone loved their dish.  The crab pasta is one of the best pastas I've ever had, and I've been to all the Philly heavy hitters.  Def check it out .Cute date spot. Love the modern (but warm) decor. I'd recommend sticking to the pasta dishes. We ordered the Milanese as well, which was dry and over cooked (it was impossible to cut). Note that this is a small restaurant and it gets pretty loud if you're squished into the long communal table that they have.I came here for brunch on a Sunday with 3 girlfriends... it's super small and quaint inside. Our waitress was very attentive (almost too attentive.. one person of our group was running late and when she arrived the waitress immediately asked if we were ready to order when we obviously weren't)  anyway.. 
The coffee wasn't that hot.. it was mehh. My frittata was actually VERY good.. came with a salad on top. I would say give it a try if you want something different, but I wasn't blown away.Overall solid Italian meal in Philly. As others have mentioned, service is a bit slow/inconsistent. What I like is that even though they have a full bar, they let you BYO for no corkage fee which is a win! My group shared some apps and pastas and there really wasn't any dish that we didn't like!Sweet spot for northern Italian food. Darling sidewalk dining and great selection of pasta and fish. The menu is on the small side but offers very distinct flavorful dishes. I had the special...ziti with sausage and the flavor was spectacular. My daughter ordered the shells grandiose arrabiato. It was delicious...full of flavor. We had the olive oil cake for the ending.. complete with lemon curd. So good. Our server was sweet, knowledgeable and attentive. They have a selection of cocktails and wine but will honor the bottle that you bring from home as well. It's a great place!Best meal I've had in ages! Went here for restaurant week with my cousin. We agreed it's one of the tastiest meals we've had in Philly! Both had the Caesar salad and loved it. I had the gemeli pasta with pistachio pesto. Delicious. And the olive oil cake was a perfect dessert. Portions weren't too big or too small. I'll definitely be back! The only small drawback would be that it was awfully noisy and a tight squeeze. Otherwise, perfect.I was staying at an Airbnb right down the street and this restaurant always had their tables occupied, which is always a good sign. So we decided to give it a try! We started with the Caesar salad. Usually a Caesar salad is the same everywhere but for some reason I was pleasantly delighted with this one! 
Then we had the meatballs as an appetizer. They were good but I thought they would be better to be honest. Again, they were still good but I've definitely had better. 
For our entree's we chose the spicy sausage rigatoni and the baked lasagna which has lamb in it....okay so when the baked lasagna was placed infront of me I was in awe. It was beautiful. Looked straight out of a food magazine. Warning: This is not your typical lasagna. If you are craving your traditional lasagna do not get this. I really would consider it a lasagna to be honest so I was a little let down because I was craving one. However, it was still very good. Very different. What I didn't like was it had a lot of lamb in it so it was very meaty. Some might say thats awesome but again I wasn't expecting that when I ordered lasagna so I wasn't in the mood for meat. If you like lamb this is an absolute must! Great flavor. 
The spicy sausage rigatoni was surprisingly my favorite!! Again, different than any other pasta I've tried but it was amazing! I give this dish 5 stars!!! 
Our server was also amazing. Very nice!