pretty good food. the house made chips and salsa are excellent.
Im definitely going to consider this spot for my next large group byob type outing.My friends and I have eaten here before and really enjoyed the food.  We've been talking about going to the all-you-can-eat Taco Tuesday for a while, so today we finally had the time.  The advertisements for Taco Tuesday say nothing about the time it begins so we assumed it was an all day event.  Wrong.  It starts at 5pm.  Luckily, our waitress was able to convince the owner to let us start early just this one time.  (We all thought it was really shitty that the owner didn't come out of the office and made the waitress deal with this.)  Hooray for Stephanie, and thank you!
The tacos come with three preparation choices (crunchy, soft, or traditional) and 8 filling choices.  I chose portabella for one plate and black beans for another.  The traditional tacos are the best, in my opinion.  Corn tortillas, cilantro, onions, lime, and a tangy sauce.  I could only get through two plates of tacos....my friends passed me by with 4 plates.
I would defiantly go again.  Next time, we show up at 5 and I won't fill up on chips, guac, and salsa!!I recently visited with a group of friends both because most of us had never been, and also because Tres is a BYO. Head's up - we just made it, but as of this week, Tres is no longer a BYO! I'm not sure what the rationale behind that is because we weren't particularly impressed by the food (we ordered a variety of things from the Tres chicken to burritos to fish tacos). Beware of the online menu (not accurate) and the multiple baskets of chips and salsa they'll bring out - they charge you for anything beyond the first one if you don't cut them off! The restaurant was hardly full but the waiter did manage to mix up some of our orders as well. They do have some specials though, which make the mediocre Mexican food worth it: free margarita mix on Mondays and Taco Tuesdays, for example. Probably won't go back, but decent meal for the price.The hype is real. I came here on Cinco de Mayo, a busy night of course,  and service was on point, minus a couple flaws. The server just forgot to give us our utensils, but besides that, everything was excellent. 
The food was AMAZE BALLS. It has to be one of the best Mexican joint I've been too.  
Don't bother second guessing. Come!My partner and I wanted to go to Superior Pasta Company but was upset when it was closed.  Driving down Christian St, we saw this Mexican place open and decided to try it out. 
It was delicious!  We knew it was great just by the sauce they gave with the chips.  For entree, I got the guacamole burrito with taco sauce.  He got the bean soup and pollo papian.  Everything was so good!  We were really impressed by the prices too, mine was 9.50 for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow!  
The service is absolutely great and they even gave us 10% off cards for the next time we come.  They also have specials.  Currently, they will make margheritas if you bring in tequila on Mondays, and all you can eat tacos (not fish or shrimp) on Tuesdays.  They also have free delivery over $10 in the area.
DEFINITELY coming back here for authentic food with phenomenal service.I'm going plantain loco now after eating the pork and plantain burrito with guacomole added at this take out/delivery eatery.  
now i'm making tostones left and right just to try to get them out of my head after eating it.   It is sooo good, and really enough for 2 meals (though i just can't stop, and eat it in 1).
It gets 5 stars since I can call an order, walk there, and usually walk in just as my order is ready.  The people are very nice.  You can pick up various mexican foods for any fiesta you might be having, and I'm going to go back to get that burrito again, and again.Actually 3.5 stars. 
Good casual place to go with a group of friends. We were excited about the BYOT, but the watermelon margarita mix we got was kind of bland. I appreciated that it wasn't sickeningly sweet, but we ended up needing to add salt and lime to the mix to make our drinks taste better. 
The food itself is pretty decent - unless you're married to the idea of flour tortillas, get the tacos and quesadillas "traditional style" with the corn tortillas. Both the shrimp and the pork were juicy and flavorful. They have a nice portobello option for your vegetarian friends too.It's just that... it's meh and I've had better.
The ambiance is a bit underwhelming and the food was just OK. 
They do have decent service and food came out relatively fast as a positive footnote.  
Don't see my self returning as this neighborhood has tons of great Mexican places to stop by.Food is ok. Nothing to write home about. 
One star for their terribly rude delivery driver last night. This man gave me major attitude about wanting a dollar back for change. I wanted to give him $14 on a $10.80 order. Since when is a three dollar tip not enough? Anyways, I couldn't believe this man's audacity! To start shaking his head and mumbling under his breath because I wanted a dollar back? Sorry bro, that burrito was not worth $15, not even the $14 I did end up spending. So, thanks to your delivery driver, I will NEVER order from you again! ThanksOrdered delivery. I actually enjoyed the portobello burrito and the massive said of plantains. the food is not great but delivery was quick and what i ordered. Don't think I would ever visit the actual establishment - there are far better mexican restaurants in philly but what with the limited delivery options I would order again if I had a craving.I write this review still full from my dinner last night . . . and I brought half of it home.  If I had to pick my favorite restaurant genre, BYO Mexican would probably be it, so needless to say I was thrilled when Tres Jalapenos opened.  
The decor feels like a fiesta themed backyard party . . . which is totally ok in my book.  We went on Tuesday, which turned about to be Taco Tuesday, unlimited tacos for 12.99.  Take that Distrito.  
We started with their homemade chips and guac.  We got three orders of the chips, they were thin and delightful.  I opted for the burrito - it was massive and flavorful, with just the right amount of kick (but never fear the table is stocked with Cholula if you need a little more).  
Our bill total for two: 27.00.  Can't beat that.Ordered delivery from this place. Food is good and it always arrives on time or early.If i could this place a 0 I would. It is over priced non-authentic mexican food. I went in for 3 carne asada tacos, the total was $11.50! No rice or beans just 3 small tacos. I will never be returning. I highly recommend La Veracruzana.This place is a great addition to all the yummy Mexican food in this area.  Everything is so clean and bright, and there's tons of room.  Our server, Steven, was very attentive and even brought out an ice bucket for us when we realized the beers we brought weren't very cold.  Since it was our first visit, he also gave us a free order of chips and salsa.  My chicken quesadilla was pretty good, and my friend loved her burrito (mango shrimp I think it was).  I'm really hoping they set up some outdoor seating in the summer since there are few things I love more than tacos, coronas, and a gentle evening breeze.Needing dinner one night after deciding its time to be lazy and not cook, did a little Yelping and found this place. On-line menu was rudiemntary but helpful. On-line ordering is nice as well.
Food arrived promptly. Food was good. Nothing to write home about (but enough to write Yelp about [rimshot, please]). 
Decent enough all around to use them again. Nice job.Ok. I confess. I went here TWICE this weekend.
Thursday I had the pork and plantain-mmmmm
Then Saturday I had the guac with added plantain. mmmmm After 6 Magic Hats it tasted like pure heaven.
I don't know what they do but they do it right. The people are nice and honestly, the burritos are crazy good.
I grew up eating burritos and tacos and this place is honestly, my FAVORITE in the whole wide world right now.Super disappointed after tonight. I've been coming to and ordering from Tres Jalapenos for years and have always loved it. Tonight I order an appetizer and a platter at 6:00pm and was told it would be about 45 minutes. After an hour and a half passed by I called and was told it was on its way and it would be right here. Another 15 minutes went by and was told she never gave the kitchen the ticket and they would only offer 30% off the next time around. As if I'm going to order delivery again. It's been an hour and 40 minutes and the food has yet to come.Simple & Delicious
Tres Jalapenos has succeeded in offering an affordable, fresh, healthy option for lunch or dinner. Nothing on the menu is over $14, but everything is fresh and prepared to order. The fajidas and the shrimp burrito are both killer.  They seem to do a variety of attractive specials, like Margarita Monday.  The decor is clean, if not inspiring. Lunch with a date for $20...no brainer.I came to Tres Jalapenos with two co-workers on a Wednesday around 1pm. I've been here once before and both times my table was the only one occupied in the place. It appears they've acquired a liquor license. That's disappointing because in the past you could bring your own tequila and they provided margarita mix. BYOBs are always more fun. 
You'll need to get over the decor. It's tacky and the plastic tablecloths look like they've been on the tables for far too long. It doesn't matter though because the food is pretty good. We were given complimentary chips and salsa as we waited for our food.  I had the jumbo chicken quesadilla for lunch with a $1 side of sour cream. The flour tortilla was grilled just right, the chicken was juicy, and the cheese was well, cheesy. My coworkers had the portobello traditional tacos and the al pastor traditional tacos. It's a pretty cheap place and is probably better suited for take-out or delivery, but if you're in the mood for a no-frills dining experience, this place will do the trick.I really wanted to give this restaurant five stars because the restaurant is very quaint and I truly enjoyed the owner who waited on us.  But likeability and service just don't make up for the unfortunate fact that the food is simply moderate at best.  Philly, and south Philly especially have some of the most formidable Mexican restaurants around.  I will probably not go back to this place again; in this town, you gotta do a better job with your Mexican.  Sorry guys!I order here regularly: guacamole nachos and fried ice cream. I like it a lot and it gets delivered super fast. Nice people.Finally found a delivery place that both my husband and I agree on that isn't cheesesteaks!!  I got a Taco Salad with Skirt Steak and it was AWESOME!  However, my husband got a burrito that he didn't like at all (reason for the three stars).  We will try again, I will get the same thing and he will explore the menu further.This is my go-to hangover place when I'm in the mood for Mexican. The burritos are amazing and the guac nachos are just as good. They always deliver earlier than the actual given delivery time which is a plus for me.This place is solid and seems like it should be more busy.  I think that the lack of crowd when I have walked by this neighborhood spot is what has prevented me from ordering take out from here in the past. Tonight though I looked it up though and went for anyway because I had an enchilada craving that wasn't backing down.  I went for the mole at the recommendation of other reviewers and was not disappointed.  What really impressed me though was that I got a call when I was around the corner letting me know my food was ready as she didn't want my food to get cold. (!)  I don't think a restaurant has ever followed up on a pick up before.  I half expected a call in a half hour to see if I enjoyed it.  I did.  I will be coming back again and again.The food here is delicious.  I'm a fan of the fried plantains and the chorizo tacos.  So nomz.
They have a SUPER BIG delivery area.  I mean they're deep in south Philly and will come up to Center City.The salsa and guacamole are awesome, and come with fresh made chips. I also really like the steak crispy tacos.Really nice people, great customer service.  The food was amazing and they deliver late night!  We ordered from Grubhub, no issues.多Que pasa? Me gusta Los Jalape単os!   This is some of the best Mexican food I've ever had.  My girlfriend and I order there alot and we love it!  Great guacamole and mole burritos.Cheap, delicious, and always satisfying! I seriously think Los Jalapenos is overlooked as people in the area always laud Taqueria Veracruzana. I usually get the tacos tradicionales pollo and my husband gets a burrito. We are always happy and full! Last Friday, I got the green enchiladas. My goodness....so delicious!I am so sad and disappointed today. Tres Jalape単os used to be one of my favorite Mexican spots here in Philly. I always recommended it to friends and family. Today, I ordered delivery and, after waiting three hours, they told me it would be at least 25 more minutes...and still expected me to pay for it! They didn't even offer me a discount. If this is how they treat a loyal customer, then they just lost one.What can I say? This was the best tasting, most authentic and best value for your money Mexican meal I have had in the city.
One night my boyfriend and I were trying to think of an inexpensive place to eat. He wanted Indonesian - I wanted pizza- we settled on Mexican. Let me tell you - we drove by this place three times before we realized it was the place. It looks like the tiniest hole in the wall bodega store, something that would have been a neighborhood best-kept secret if it weren't for Yelp.
For a total of $20, my boyfriend and I had a delicious meal that left us perfectly full and content. He got a platter with a cheese enchilada that I couldn't stop taking bites of because it was so damn good, a taco, a guacomole filled tostada, beans and rice. I got three tacos - a pork, beef and chicken - each one was filled with goodness and better then the next.
The atmosphere isn't much to get excited about, but that's not why you come here. We sat and ate there at one of the two tables in the place, but saw at least 10 people come in an out for take out in a 30 minute span.
If there weren't so many places we want to try and if it was a little closer (place is in South Philly, I'm in center city) we would go there a lot more. But we will definitely be back!This place is great and usually they are super fast in making the food.  It's bodega-style Mexican food and super delicious at that.  You can eat sit-down in the restaurant but most people seem to take out.  Great to have in the neighborhood!i dont even like mexican food. but this is all kinds of yummy. cheap and delivered to my door, even tho it would only take seconds to walk there. lazy, i know. but if the delivery is free, why not? so fresh and tasty. doesnt even feel bad for ya. i get the mushroom quesadilla. my son gets the jumbo chicken. love, love , love. thanks to my friend and neighbor, jose' for opening my eyes to the goodness!First let me say that I am I white girl from New Jersey. Second let me say that I can make WAY better Mexican food than this and it wouldn't be nearly as expensive!
Suck it Los Jalapenos! Suck it hard because $15 for a chimichanga platter the likes of which you had provided me is unjust! Let's rewind a bit...
I had a crappy day at work, didn't get breakfast or lunch and got rained on. Not fun. So I finally get home and I'm like, "Gee Whiz! I would really like some Mexican food and to watch Hoarders, that will make it all better!" So I  go to GrubHub and see Los Jalapenos allows you to order online. GREAT! I ordered a chimichanga platter and some flan, figuring that I'd have left-overs for lunch tomorrow.I paid online via credit card and tipped online as well.
WELL, it DID come rather quickly and I now know why - when I took the bag from the delivery muchacho it felt like nothing was in it! I looked at the guy and said 'um, this is it?' He said 'Si" and asked me for a tip. I told him I paid online and showed him on the bill he brought with him where there was a tip added. So he asked me again for a tip. I said "Um, I DID tip you and need I point out that your restaurant is hardly 2 blocks away. I can see it right now. Mira, me amigo, mira." He shrugged, I shrugged, we decided our relationship was over and I went inside.
When I opened the Styrofoam package and looked at what $15 had bought me, it was a dismal site. The chimichangas, no lie, could both fit in the palm of my hand. No Lie. I was like "WTF." There wasn't even much to them, bland shredded cheddar and chicken. The rice and beans were bland and they didn't give you very much at all. The flan was not too bad but I've had WAY WAY WAY better for much less (Taco Riendo, mmmm).
So listen, this is B.S. Say NO to Jalapenos! Jalapenos was like going on a blind date, spending a lot of money and then finding out that like...the person has crabs and a personality disorder. Can you tell I'm bitter?Our New Year's brunch was wonderful! The chips were pretty thin and crisp and the salsa was good with a little spice. The salsa had a tomatoey base, I prefer when salsas are more authentic but it was still good. I had tortilla soup and cheese enchiladas...both were super yummy! Loved their rice and the refried beans were flavorful. They do a lot of events - Spanish and Italian classes, poker night and more. The owner Max is sooo nice and passionate about his place. We live in Collingswood but its worth the trip and we will definitely be going back soon!I usually order delivery so when i went in to pick up my order and got snotty ass service from the girl working behind the counter.( i knocked off one star)
The fish tacos are pretty legit , i am concerned that each time i order they get more and more expensive. Its my go too taco place in the city and to avoid the snotty ass chica that works at the counter ill go back to delivery.Best Mexican food in the city.  Great service.  One of the only places you can get fajitas and the guacamole, sour cream and pico actually comes with the dish.  So, you really are spending $11 instead of $15-20 after adding all the things you need to enjoy it.  Delivery is super fast and its always delicious.When I heard that 'Taqueria Los Jalapenos', (one of my favorite center city delivery options) was opening up a restaurant I couldn't wait to visit.  We headed over with a friend one night and brought a few beers along for dinner.  The restaurant is located in the old Paxia space - with the exception of the green, red, and white neon lights, the bales of hay, and the bubbly fountain adding to the casual atmosphere, the space doesn't look all that different.  We were seated immediately and offered chips, salsa, and guacamole.  If you've ever ordered from Taqueria Los Jalapenos, the menu here (and the prices) are pretty much the same.  My boyfriend and I both ordered the fish tacos - three small soft tacos - along with a side of rice and beans.  Service was friendly and casual and we left happy.  Definitely glad to have this place within walking distance of my house! Recommended!Totally a delivery review since I have never been here in person. 
I honestly can't believe how many times I ordered food from here even after always being disappointed with everything they make. I was going through authentic Mexican food withdrawal and this place delivered to where I was living at the time. I remember their food was okay for when I needed a fix but most of the stuff was somewhat bland and the service was absent-minded and unprofessional. No matter how many times you ask for extra sauce they never bring it.
Prices are too high for what they actually give you. I won't order from here again.This place has gone completely downhill in the last year or two. I don't know if they switched management or what, but food is bland, food is ALWAYS cold when delivered and the women answering the phones are suddenly incredibly rude and even combative. I used to order and dine in here an unhealthy amount, but not anymore. There are too many options for Mexican food in South Philadelphia for you guys to completely drop in quality across the board. Two stars only because I used to LOVE this place.I love this place! Super easy to miss, but a must-eat. Food is simple, fast, well priced, and delicious! Its never crowded inside and the service is really prompt. They have different weekly specials. Not a fan of the margarita mix they use, too sugary, but otherwise I have no complaints! They also do takeout, yay!This is the worst place to order from in the city. I wish I could give it negative stars. I ordered a quesadilla and 2 hours later received an empty tortilla. Not even a whole one. Do not order from this place!!!They deliver and take credit cards and the portions are great!This is my go to for delivery. The nachos and fried ice cream are great; the service is nice and fast.I live two blocks away.  This is the corner of death - there have been three restaurants in this space since I've lived here. 
   I went once. It was empty. The food was OK, but $8 for guacamole and chips?  $12 for a burrito, extra for sour cream? No. 
   I kind of feel like this is the place people will go if they're afraid to be in an authentic Mexican restaurant.  There are so many Mexican places in the area that are cheaper and better. 
    Plaza Girabaldi? Tacqueria La VeraCruzana?  Go there.best guac i've had from any mexican place in the city. 
love the al pastor burrito and the fajitas and tacos are quality standard dishes.I really like this place - it's a little out-of-the-way for me, but I enjoy going there every once in a while, because the food is really good and consistent. The chips and salsa are almost addicting, and they're reason enough to try this place if you live in the Philadelphia area. It's a shame that this place is not better known. Whenever I visit, it's essentially empty, and that's surprising, given the quality of food. The ambiance is casual and the place would likely receive more customers if they tried to improve the ambiance a bit. I say this because every time I've been there, there have been people who came to pick up food for take-out but rarely to dine-in. The restaurant would likely do better if it could encourage its customers to have a sit-down meal at the restaurant.Went with a group of 9 people. Arrived fairly late, i think it was aroudn 9ish. Didnt have to wait what so ever on a wednesday night. No one from the group had ever been here before so we each tried different things. I ordered shrimp and beef tacos traditionales. Shrimp was excellent while the beef was a little bit dry. Everyone loved their burritos and hard tacos. No complains. Will definitely visit again.Unaffected, no-frills atmosphere with just straight-up delicious food that is the best Mexican I've had in Philly, hands-down. Skip the glitzy high-end Mexican places with showy decor and crazy prices (you know where I mean) and go here instead!We live right in the neighborhood which is already filled with good BYOB Mexican restaurants, so when we decided to go in and check out the new place I kept my expectations in check. I'm happy to say, Tres Jalapenos did not disappoint and we will be going there again (and again). We started off with the house made chips and guacamole & salsa which were great. I had the chicken papian special and he had a mole enchilada...both were great as were the beans and rice served on the side. The service was also fantastic. 
It was only the two of us this time, but it would be a great place for a large group of people. 
They also mentioned that they offer Saturday & Sunday brunch, I'm looking forward to checking it out.Go to spot for good Mexican. Although, they are a bit shady with the name and location changes. Also, takeout price seem very expensive.Very good Tex Mex style.   Fajitas steak portion small but good, go with chicken.  Pinapple and Plantain pork burritos great.  Choritzo burrito excellent.  Fast Delivery and make sure you get the Flan!  Not as good as my mother's but pretty excellente.  Tres :Leches is just OK.Looks like there are 2 postings for this one location. Either way, I love Tres Jalapenos. My boyfriends and I feel like we're regulars, as we're there at least once a week and i always seem to order the shrimp soft tacos. The guacamole is deliciously creamy and the food is always fresh and tasty. The staff is also super friendly, and always get my request right when i ask for No Cilantro on my tacos. I know, i'm one of those peeps who can't stand Cilantro, yet i love mexican food. Go figure.This is a delivery review, as I have never been there. 
Have had delivery from Tres Jalapenos a few times now, and I can say it is pretty good. Something more authentic than The Cantina yet less so than, say, the taco truck at 4th and Washington. I do appreciate being able to be understood in English when I call. 
The food is damn good. The green enchiladas are no joke, my Yelp friends. They have more than a little kick to them. It is a great mix of cheesy, doughy and spicy. 
Had tacos a few times too. They were ok, but a little too fast-food-ish for my tastes. What, no limes?
Did NOT like the flan. Very egg-y tasting, not very sweet. Tasted like eating caramel egg whites. Yikes. 
So, yeah, feeling like Mexican but dont wanna get off the couch? Tres Jalapenos is a good option, albeit a tad pricey.Jesus christ in heaven... most incredible Burrito al Pastor (pork + pineapple burrito) that I've ever had!   
I'll be spending the next several weeks exploring their rather in-depth menu.   I will report back with my findings.This is one of those places that I am reluctant to Yelp about because it's so good I don't want it to become too popular. I have been here twice: once for dinner for a friend's birthday and once for brunch on a Sunday. 
Friend's birthday we received free margarita mix and the food was cheap and amazing. The restaurant wasn't too crowded and by the end of the night people were playing poker and relaxing. 
For brunch we received complimentary margaritas and the food, again was amazing.  The brunch items were mexican style- beans, chorizo, fried eggs. Both times the staff and service were great.I used to order from Los Jalepenos at least once a month when they were located in South Philly, but since they've moved up to Bella Vista the authenticity of the food has changed in my opinion.  The last 4 times I've ordered, the food has been below par.  I always get the same thing, and gave them 4 chances to improve, so I'm a bit disappointed that I no longer have a favorite Mexican spot.
On the positive side though, there is a lot of seating, and the service is always very good when you eat in.  It's good BYOB as well.Review is for delivery only. Food is pretty good and comes quickly. They will add/omit ingredients upon request and have never gotten it wrong. I have had most things in the menu and all are pretty good. If you happen to order a burrito ask for it "wet" it definitely enhances the flavor. My only complaint is they used to offer a "buy 2 tacos and get a 3rd for free". Sadly this deal is no more.Have eaten here twice.  First time i got enchiladas mole, which were pretty good, not great.  I have yet to encounter a truly amazing mole sauce, and wasn't really expecting to be blown away by theirs, but it was still good.  Also opted for a slice of tres leches cake, which was a bit disappointing.  Granted, I've never had tres leches cake before, but what I got was just a slightly dry sponge cake with the kind of frosting that leaves a residue in your mouth.  
Then I came for all-you-can-eat taco Tuesday.  $13.95 and you get as many orders of 3 tacos as you can cram down your gullet.  Plus, if you can't finish your last round, you can always take it home, so go for the gold!  I managed to scarf down 14 before I had to throw in the towel, and take home my lonely and shameful 1 taco.  I came with a large group, 7 people, so beware, it make take a while for your orders if you're all doing all-you-can-eat.  By the time we got settled and placed our orders, we only had about an hour of taco eating time.  I hear tell that the record is 24 tacos... that is, until I return to crush it.  Mark my words.  You get your choice of 3 different preparations (crunch shell, flour tortilla, corn tortilla, each w/ diff. toppings) and several diff. meat options, along with bean and portabello for all you veggies out there.  Not the best tacos I've had, but clearly good enough for me to gorge myself on over a dozen of them at one time.
Bonus points for being a BYO!I stopped by this hidden gem at 11:30pm Hopi g to get at least a par burrito. Turns out the steak burritos I ordered were one of the best I ever had. It's run by a mom and pop who makes some of the most authentic burritos in town. Will definitely come again.I ate here for the first time a couple months ago. Sometimes it seems like these little South Philly Taquerias are a dime a dozen, But this place was great. 
The prices are fantastic, which sometimes makes we worry about the quality of the food, but I was not disappointed at all. 
The other great thing about this place.....delivery. They're radius for door to door service isn't ridiculously large, but it is more then adequate. If you live south of Washington and east of Broad, you are pretty much covered. I have also heard that they will deliver a little further the cost of your order is substantial. So, you live a couple blocks north of Washington? Just order a weeks worth of delicious burritos.After a few delivery experiences, I can tell you this: My steady burrito is the pork and plantain. Voices, if you're askin, I'm tellin. That's the dish to get. 
Burrito details: It's a flour tortilla stuffed with shredded pork, fried plantains, pico de gallo, cheese, and rice n beans. Dig that combination of savory pork and sweet fried plantains. I always ask for extra side salsas too, but of course, I tend to be an extra salsa type.I order from this place so often! Their taco salad is amazing. We've tried other dishes like burritos, nachos, tacos, churros and tres leches. So far, my favorites are the taco salad and the churros. Delivery is super fast, usually less than 30 min. So far, so good. 100% recommend it.The delivery sucks. You don't get much food and it looks like a kid made it. Definitely won't order from here again. I should have read more reviews.Solid BYOB mexican in south philly. Love their salsa verde and al pastor tacos. They can be accommodating for big groups, so a great place for celebrations. Bring some tequila and they've got mixers.Ordered food off of here through the seamless app. Food was delivered fast, was cheap, and was very tasty. Had the mole chicken burrito which was really good. Exactly what you want with this type of order.Free chips & salsa for starters.  One friendly waitress who also was the only bus person too.
Good rock / modern folk Mexican music played over sound system.
Excellent tangy verde sauce over the stuffed white chicken burrito - delicioso.
Mole wasn't flavorful.
Pricing is more like $1/2 - $$.  BYOB.  Good for groups.Ordered take out. Very quick and cheap. Had the green chilie enchiladas and the steak tacos. Enchiladas were decent but tacos were lackluster. They gave a huge amount of guacamole but it needed salt. The orange hot sauce was very spicy and tangy- good stuff. The green one was also good.Not a huge fan of mexican food anyway, but the food was good here and the service was really nice.The first time I came here with my partner, we knew it was going to be a great place from the salsa we were given. Since then, we've been consistently coming for the great food and great service. I always get the wet vegetarian burrito (guacomole not mushroom) with red sauce. It tastes very fresh with delicious flavors. My partner usually gets the same with the bean soup as an appetizer. The guacamole is also great.
The best part about Tres Jalapenos is the price for the quality.This is as good as BYOT gets. I was a little worried going outside of center/olde city but I'm glad I did. Excellent service, tasty margaritas, and fresh food. They also accomodate large parties. I had 10 and a table behind me had 20! We had a blast, drank and ate until we were stuffed, and the bill was $20pp. You can't beat that.Always a quick delivery and definitely one of the best bangs for your buck when it comes to Mexican food. Go with any of the burritos and you are sure to be happy!I love this place. I actually was disappointed that at one point I lived in an apartment that was not within their delivery area!
We order from here at least once a week. Food is always good. They've only messed up once (but I've ordered from there a LOT) but immediately fixed it for me.
Pork & pineapple tacos are great and I love the tacos & flautas. And I have a friend who swears by the green enchiladas. If you want to spend a little extra money, splurge on the Camarones a la Diabla, which are fantastic but very hot.
Their online ordering system was awesome, I wish they'd get it working again!Ordered shrimp fajitas and quesadillas. Total was nearly $30. Received 6 shrimp in my $16 fajita and 3 quesadillas that were smaller than tacos for $11. If I received this food as a dine in customer I would have walked out. Unbelievable. The food wasn't good. I should have made a turkey sandwich and flushed my $30 down the toilet. It's honestly insulting that they can justify giving 6 shrimp in a $16 fajita. That's not even a complete serving size. At least give 9. Or charge half the price. No words on the taco quesadilla. They were not appealing either.There's one reason I keep going back to Tres Jalape単os: the wet burritos. Whether you get mole sauce, the green sauce, or the red enchilada sauce, your burrito us bound to be delicious. They also do a good margarita mix if you want to add your own tequila.
Aside from some rather dry tacos on one occasion, everything I've had there has been delicious.
I prefer take-out to eat-in, as the restaurant is often quite empty during the times that I've dined there. 
Service is generally very friendly, and they assemble take-out orders very quickly. When I've made special requests on GrubHub and Seamless, they've always gotten it right.Was in town visiting friends who raved about this place. Was quite relish and reasonably priced. Recommend!Have I ever physically been here? no. But i do get their delivery whenever i need Mexican in the comfort of my bed. So good. Giant portions, Yummy fresh tasting quality ingredients.They are on grubhub too so its basically a dream situation when you're having a delivery kinda day. South philly does have a bunch of yummy mexican places but also a lot of not so yummy ones. This place is a winnerThis is my delivery mexican place and I love the food!  I've only gotten the ground beef tacos.  And side of chips (must be house-made?), fresh juice.  Delivery guy rides a bicycle.  Good stuff.Tres Jalapenos is definitely on its way.  I will admit that I had dinner here when it first opened a few months ago and was quite underwhelmed.  BUT, they lured me back in by serving brunch until 4pm (!!!) with a free mimosa.  I have been back two or three times since then for both brunch and lunch and everything was great.
Server was very nice, coffee was surprisingly good, and the refried beans are delicious!  I always order a side of them, breakfast or not!  I have also had the mexican omelet, green eggs and ham, pork tacos, and green enchiladas.  All yummy.
It's just a great little BYOB with a lot of charm.  A place where you could sit for a few hours with a group, or for a quiet brunch on a Sunday.  Check it out, I really want this place to stick around!This place is consistently good.  I love Mexican food.  The taco salad has a little of everything and the shell is always crispy.  The crispy chicken tacos are delicious and filled full.  The salsa has a little kick to it but not too spicy.  And the rice is always fluffy and flavorful.
I have been ordering from here for at least 5 years.  I started ordering take out when they were at their other location.  When they moved a few years ago it seems like the prices went up a bit.  So I don't order as often as I used to.
I have no complaints about the food.  There are a couple of cons in terms of service.  When I order delivery, they can never find the place.  And when I order on the phone, they seem distracted.  I have to repeat a lot of the info I give them (phone #, the order, credit card info, etc).