Went here a while back and was not impressed.  After some time passed I was feeling adventurous so I gave them another shot though and this time was much better!  Got a pizza steak and fries with American cheese on the side...delicious!  Steak chopped up well, roll was soft, nice amount of cheese and fried onions.  Only complaint is not enough sauce.  Five stars on the fries which were perfectly cooked and salted.  And melted American cheese is my crack.Used to come here all the time when it first opened. The service now is awful and the food is not much better. The place was trashed and the workers were rude.  Will not be returning.went here a lot before. started to taste like the meat was chewy and fatty in their steaks. other people I know noticed too. they could be using different steak to save money or something but this caused me to stop going here. Steve's and jims are much better.A good cheesesteak. Not the best, or you're a fool, but certainly delicious and decently filling. Having only been here once, I will have to return for a consistency check. I look forward to that day.I heard great things about this place, I was disappointed , horrible food , all it tasted like was salt , I will never go here or any of their other locations againAfter not eating here in over a year, I decided to stop in and pick up some Cheesesteaks for my family. Good solid cheesesteak to be honest. Better than Pat's or Geno's tourist trap sandwiches or any pizza joint. Comparable to Steve's with way less grease, but they need more steak options. The fries are very good. Prices are not bad and free pickles and peppers is a nice touch. I'll be back.I was riding down Red Lion Road and saw the sign that said Lunch Special $8.00 for a cheese steak, fries & soda.  Made a U-turn and went in.  Ordered a cheese steak with wiz.  When I bit it I new right away that it was not "Cheese Wiz" it had to be a cheap brand of cheedar cheese.  Several other people who order after me ask for cheese wiz also.  If you are not serving cheese wiz you should tell the customer that it is not the original cheese wiz but a cheap can of cheedar cheese.
I'll stick to Geno in South Philly.On a recent trip I was not impressed, probably my worst experience there. I've never been a huge fan but it's convenient for a quick meal plus they have flat screens so you can watch the game or news of the day. First my soda was filled only 3/4th the way once settled. The roll was stale on the ends. The steak and fries were swimming in cheese. Can I get some steak and fries with my cheese please? The cheese is another thing... The melted American cheese taste funny. The Cheese Wiz tastes like nothing that I've had before. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The place is immaculate as far as cleanliness is concerned. They just need to pay a bit more attention to the products they are selling. I'll give them another try out of convenience for now. There are some other places I  prefer and would go to first if more convenient to me.My 4 star rating is based on several factors
restaurant is always clean
staff is friendly
cheesesteaks are better than average
cheese fries are great
Much better alternative to the other "philly cheesesteak place"  a couple miles down the roadWhen it first opened it was great...since then...not so much...they serve hoagies now...roll was hard..when I got it home they didn't get the order right...it was ok...I love real steak (non chopped ) I like Steves and old frusco's before they killed themselves. I like ginos and Lukes. I wasn't that impressed with this steak. I will say the combo price wasn't bad and here was more meat on this then most but the acual steak I tried a piece without anything on it and it was kind of minute steakish but slightly better. Fries were fries. Combo was 10.98+ tax i paid 13something with cheese for the fries. I'll up date if I try more items.It's been a while since I was here but I agree with a previous review that the quality has really gone down. Not worth the trip.Absolutely the messiest cheesesteak I've ever eaten... but delicious. Cheese oozing everywhere. I don't usually like the sliced steaks, but this was excellent. Also, other customers were really excited about the "long hots" - none for me, thanks!
Definitely clean and fast service. very pleasant staff also!Wit or witout is definitely an up and comer in the northeast. 
Much cleaner and better looking than the traditional kings (princes?) of steaks. Not only that, they're actually cheaper. 
Wit or Witout has more flat screen TV's than half the bars in the neighborhood. Even their menu is displayed on a TV. The cashier is usually a cute girl--a nice change from the surly 300 pounders with sweaty bald heads i see at other places.
The cheesesteaks are meaty and delicious. Sliced not chopped. They have melted american (think Chickie's & Pete's crab fry dip) along with the classics: whiz and provolone. Trust me on this one, melted american is the way to go.
They also have a great condiment bar with pickles and peppers.
Jim's and Steve's are the big names in NE, but Wit or Witout is better, cheaper and nicer. Highly recommended.So far I'm not too impressed with this place, the cheesesteak sandwich itself is not as long as we're used to here in philly. The price was $9.27 for a sandwich that's shorter than a wawa hoagie or any other cheesesteak I've had. They also didn't add as much meat as I would've liked to see in a cheesesteak.. Not impressed at all.I have been here multiple times to give this place a shot at turning out an amazing cheese steak, but to my disappointment that has not happened yet.  
Like other Yelpers I felt like the sandwiches weren't as full of meat as you would experience at another steak place in the area.  I really wanted to like them, because I like the name and its tie to the Philly Cheesesteak tradition, but for my taste... I can do Witout Wit or Witout.Kind of surprised that these ratings are so low. They are obviously not on the same level as pats and genos, but price wise it beats Steve prince of steaks which is its closest competitor. You can get your meat chopped or flat, and they have stared to add additional items on their menu. One must try is their Italian pizza! Pretty cool decor inside and always bumping Philadelphia sports on the tv. Pretty chill spot low key low keyNot Bad steaks. Wouldn't say there the best around. Always get the wiz steak with fried onions and fries. The prices are not bad. Nice and clean on the inside to eat.I've had a better cheesesteak at a pizza shop. The cheesesteak is DRIPPING I mean DRIPPING with cheese and grease afterwards I felt like I have eaten a rock!! They also had a sign for a $7 dollar combo on each table and we were each charged $9 and we went back up with the sign and our receipts we were told "oh thats old ads, were sorry" Well throw them away don't leave them on the table then charge a different price! I don't think I will return to this location.After I ran the Rocky steps I came came here for my first cheese steak and I admit the cheese steak was good when I come back to Philly I would love to try Pat's or Geno's cheese steak I will definitely come back to here for more more cheese steakMeh. I've been here twice, but I doubt I'll be making a third stop. The steak isn't BAD, it's just not that impressive, and this place is wild expensive. A side of fries is literally almost $6. Your sandwich is like $8. So if you throw in a drink, you're looking at a $20 lunch for a sandwich you can make better at home and some fries that I hope they sprinkle with gold leaf to justify that price. The sandwich is a good size, but that's pretty much the only positive. The sandwich I just had was VERY chewy and tough. You also have to ask for condiment cups if you want pickles and the like. Where the hell can you find an actual good Philly cheesesteak in this damn city?!This place is a joke. The signage is explosive and so too will be your digestive system if you eat here.
Save your time and get a real steak at Steve's at Comly and the Boulevard. They've been local forever, they speak English and they don't use frozen meat.I wish I can give them a zero star because they are not even worth a one star. Their steak is is no better than the ones you get at any pizzeria. They are fake imitations of Pats, Geno's, Jim's and Steve's. If I had a list of top 100 cheesesteak list it wouldn't even make #100. The last time I came here I ordered a whiz wit, they literally gave me two little pieces of onions. The steak is not good quality meat. It's not worth 9 bucks.WHATS UP WIT THAT MEAT? So ever since this place changed ownership, my tastebuds have told me that something tastes COMPLETELY different. I wanted to clarify so I went today and bought an American Wit & Sauce. Horrible... The roll was the best part. I purposely pulled some meat, naked, to concentrate on its taste & im now wondering; what the heck am I eating? This meat doesn't taste like what they originally served when they first opened years ago. It doesn't taste anything like my favorite cheesesteak stop also in NE Philly, which at one time I actually compared them too at their inception. I would love to see a response as to exactly what this meat is. The cheese Doesn't taste right either. It seems watered down or thinned out... When they first opened, I loved their sandwich & gave them rave reviews, now not so much. The wait was too long & the staff was robotic too but I don't care as much about that...I actually like this place. They have the option to get it chopped or in slices which I think is a great option to have. Love their fries. They have gourmet root beer too =} I really enjoyed their plain cheesesteak wit and the chipotle chicken cheesesteak was dripping with melted Mexican-American goodness =}I think they're very underrated. The place is always clean, and the option to have your steak chopped or in slices is great. It's always made fresh and hot, and I can't really complain. Basically the same thing as Steve's Steaks, but I  had a lot more meat on my steak without the price or the wait.Not my favorite. Cheese fries are good but the cheese steaks are mediocre. There are much better places to go where you'll be more satisfied.This is my second go around with this establishment, I must say after 2 years they really change for the better. The food was actually better. Steak was pretty good. The price is cheaper than Steves steaks which is their competitor around here. They are not nearly as good as Steves steaks but if you're looking to pay less, come here. I would come here againWhat happened to this place? The cheesesteak used to be slabbed, now it's chopped. It was okay, but nothing spectacular.This time around I was much more satisfied. The staff was more pleasant and the food tasted better. They have redeemed themselves. I will definitely go back.One trip and shall never return. Chewy meat with an "off" taste. (a great sign of quality). Rolls and cheese were ok. Fries were also ok. Poor man's Steve's at best.I'm sorry for being away so long, Yelpers. But now I have returned, and with it, a bevy of tasty reviews in my skull ready to be shared on the Internet.  
So let's kick v 2.0 off with this joint, Wit or Witout? Having since moved to the NE Philly area, I've gotten to try out a whole lot of joints I otherwise wouldn't have when we left off last when my digs were in Center City. Anyway, I didn't know much about this place, other than having seen the billboard for it numerous times.
After a day at the zoo, I suggested to my comrades that we give Wit or Witout a try. 
So we did.
So we never shall again.
My review on Foursquare for this joint was a short and succinct "This place sucks." Well, I guess I can elaborate more on that here since I know you folks like to read more than three words, and who can blame you? Why does it suck? Because...everything.
The meat for starters. No, this isn't the chipped cheesesteak variety that 99% of the steaks are created with. This is the cuts of beef style, as popularized by Steve's Prince of Steaks. The only difference between Wit or Witout and Steve's is...everything, that's right.
The meat is too chewy. It reminded me of when I was a kid and mom would make Steak-Ummm samitches. I hated them then. Having them served to me for three times the price over doing it myself is still no better. Chew, chew, chew. And not very tasty, either. Hell, I'd wager a lot of us can enjoy Taco Hell when the urge strikes, because even its low grade goodies serve a purpose at times, but not this meat. This meat is no treat.
And for whatever reason, the goofballs working there that day decided to turn my cheesesteak into a a "cheesesteak hoagie," which, honestly I didn't realize until a few bites in. The hoagie version includes tomato, lettuce, and mayo. Seriously, WTF? Who would ever do that on purpose? Mayo on a steak samitch? Sheesh.
I tried a bite of my friend's unencumbered steak samitch, but it was just as unexciting. No one was enjoying this stuff, and we had a group of six. You'd think at least one person would have liked it, but this is pretty dreadful stuff, even more low rent than Steve's Steaks on South Street (see review from ages ago).
The fries were crappy as well. And, I don't know if they actually enforce this there, but on the menu it says drink refills are a dollar. Seriously? I suppose the only thing worth getting would be a drink, but there's no real point to that venture, is there?
So please, fellow Philadelphians, and tourists alike, don't waste your money or time at Wit or Witout? Steve's Prince of Steaks is literally less than a five minute drive up the Boulevard from here. And there you can find some damn fine steak samitches. Wit or Witout tries desperately to pull off the Prince o' Steaks style, but falls flat on its ass. No character, no atmosphere, and no good eats.It was good and cheap when they opened it. Now sucks and expensive.Decent Cheesteak, I'm more of a chopped up steak person, but they slabs of meat taste good to. Not definitely when you get a Philly cheesesteak you need the wiz and fried onions and they do that really nice! The store can be somewhat mobbed at times and I think it needs to be ran with more upkeep, sometimes the condiments are all over the place and it just gets pushed back in with the rest. The overall cleanliness of the place would get a "D," fries scattered everywhere along with napkins and ketchup on the floor. I most certainty like Wit or Witout, just maybe a few things could change...A-ok in my book.Italian hoagie was put with the hot stuff we ordered.  Hoagie was wet and bread soaked. 
Very small for a large price. Never order here again. Disappointed to say the leastI heard a lot about this place prior to giving them a try. I specifically made a trip to NE Philly to try either Chinks or Wit or Witout. Fate landed me at Wit or Witout. I was very disappointed to learn they don't have mustard. That's a huge downer for me cause I like ketchup and mustard on my cheesesteak. The steak is kept whole, which isn't that big of a deal, but I prefer my steak chopped. Overall the steak was average at best. They do offer special meal deals during the week, which is a nice touch if you live in the area. Unfortunately for me, the day I visited was a weekend. One thing I noticed immediately is that this place was one of the cleanest most orderly steak joints I've been to. Kudos for that!Philly girl born and raised. I'll admit if I'm in the city I'm going to go to Tony Luke's, but if I'm in the NE and need a cheese steak I'm going here.
Some cheese steak places have gone nuts on the pricing. They have a fair priced combo. I also like how you get to pick if you want the meat chopped or in slices. Fries were perfect, but no containers or packaging for to go orders which made my Whiz fries a mess! This needs to be evaluated! Metal tons, lids, anything! 
The pickles and peppers are better then some of your competitor. The cooks and cashiers were fun to talk to when It was a slow time. 
Please open up further on bucks in the Oxford Valley/Fairless Hills/Sesame Place Tourist attraction!Great for lunch. Loved the Uncle Pauly. As far as values goes its a deal. The Uncle Pauly is the best deal in the cityI think their steaks have greatly improved from when they first opened, because I did not care for them. However, I do enjoy indulging every once in awhile, and I love there "wiz wit" steak. They also now offer salads, wraps & hoagies. They have a hot pepper, pickle bar also to add to your sandwich. And you can always look around for coupons.Pretty tasty Cheesesteak, meet was flavored nicely. The place was pretty clean, plenty parking.  Definitely recommend this place!Classic Philly cheesesteak. Perfect combo of great meat and a great roll and the people were very friendly. Would recommend to anyone.Nice clean place with friendly service.  The cheesesteaks are nothing spectacular but they are decent.  Could have had more meat to fill out the roll.can't believe i didn't know about this place sooner and I used to live about 10 blocks away !!! 
I probably had more cheesesteaks in my lifetime than burger!!! Geno's, Pat's, Tony Luke's, Philip's, etc... Wit or Witout is definitely my #1 on the list for cheesesteaks.  
First thing is cleanness, they are definitely the cleanest cheesesteak joint i've ever been too; from the floor to the table to the condiments station. 
Second thing is the grease. Yes, people say it isn't authentic philly cheesesteak if you can't see through the paper bag or whatever. BUT i can live with a little grease and save my heart some work :) With that said, their cheesesteaks are nowhere close to being DRY. 
Third thing is the roll.  When i get my cheesesteak the roll isn't a piece of dough even when i order wiz. 
Last thing, the price.  If you're ordering just the cheesesteak then it's $7.29. They also have a combo for $10; cheesesteak, fries, and a soda.  Let see you get that much for $10 at Geno's or Pat's.  
They also have online order and they cater!!! 
my personal fav: Flat wiz witoutI order from here on a weekly basis. I go at all hrs of the day and its always clean in there. Went there during lunch and I didn't even wait that long. I loved the sliced steak. Lets me know they use good beef. Alot of places chop it up to hide their crap steakPaid $12 dollars for piece of crap.  
Dry steak. Unprofessional service. 
Disgusting. Never again.Disappointing. A Pauper, not a Prince.
I consider myself a "steak sandwich snob". I've eaten at every steak shop you can think of in the City of Philadelphia. I'm a LOYAL subject of the Prince, Steve's Steaks. With this in mind, I went to Wit on the grand recommendation of a really good friend who thought it was comparable to the Prince of Steaks.
I live about a mile from this location. I've eaten here twice. The lunch special is what got me in the door. I doubt I'll go back again.
It seems they're trying to rip off Steve's big time. The set up, the tiling and decor, all reminiscent of Steve's. Not very original. 
The meat is a la Steve's (Geno's), not chopped up low grade Steak'ums style "meat" like at most places (i.e., Pat's). Though, I do believe Steve's uses steer for their meat. The roll was decent. I think they even use the same bakery as Steve's.
I always order pizza steaks "prov, without" (I'm not from South Philly... I pronounce the "th"!). A Steve's "pizza, prov, without" melts in your mouth. Very little chewed necessary. Wit's, well, their meat is chewy -- but not tough. Their pizza sauce tasted old and stale. The actual sandwich wasn't very hot, either.
In a pinch, let's say you're starving, you're on Red Lion and don't want to eat at Wendy's next door and only have $8 on you at lunchtime, sure go here. But, if you want a delicious melt-in-your-mouth steak and have the extra cash for it then drive the mile and a half up the Blvd to Steve's!1. Bread is really good
2. Meat is chopped steak not sliced steak as depicted in pictures
3. Meat is very little and has no taste with a grayish color
4. Good seating area
5. Bathrooms are okay
6. Staff is ok. The kid on the grill appears to be unenthusiasticSolid cheeseteak.  Good roll.  Finely chopped steak with melted cheese throughout.  It could use a little more meat in my opinion, but that wouldn't stop me from going back.I just changed jobs from S.Philly and I have really been missing the food. One of my new co-workers ordered me a Cheese steak from here yesterday and I was blown away! Delicious food right around the corner! I found my new lunch time spot!The food here is very delicious, the staff is very nice. The employees are very respectful to their customers.Wit or without is a nice steak sandwich shop
I prefer my steak flat not chopped
Very flavorful excellent rolls
Service and cleanliness above average
5 stars on my last visit.The immature teenagers that work at this place take your order then proceed to talk about condom size and how weed they smoked right in front of my 3 year old. I will NEVER return to this place again. If I wanted that kind of atmosphere, I'd take my kids to Genos following an Eagles loss. Do not go here.
Next time, let me park where I want you arrogant punkI am not a born and bred Philadelphian and have not found a cheesesteak I love until today. My husband brought me a Wit or Witout cheesesteak to me for dinner while I am in Doylestown hospital and even after sitting in the fridge for hours and reheated, it was fantastic! Can't wait until I am able to get one freshly made. Thanks, Trevor!!!I think their steaks have greatly improved from when they first opened, because I did not care for them. However, they are probably one of my fav steaks now. I try to eat more on the healthy side but I do enjoy indulging every once in awhile, and I love their "wiz wit" steak, with long hots. They also now offer salads, wraps & hoagies. They have a hot pepper/pickle bar also to add to your sandwich. 
Everyone here is always so pleasant and welcoming. If you have never been here, you must try their steaks in 2017! Or, if you weren't impressed before, like me, go back, I promise you won't be sorry. 
You can always look around for coupons.Got a cheesesteak American wit, it was average at best. Very bland and the guys at work now call me crimson chin after how long it takes to chew the meat. For the price of the cheesesteak just go somewhere else.I'm not from Philly, so you can take this review with a grain of salt if you must...but from my experience this is the best cheesesteak I have had since I've been in Philadelphia area the last four years. The prices are a little high I think, but that seems to be the trend with cheesesteaks throughout the entire city. I have had Pat's, Tony Luke's, the one in Reading Terminal, and Prince of Steaks...and this is by far the best cheesesteak I have had yet! They chop the meat if you want, which I prefer; and they have different options for cheese. I would definitely recommend Wit or Witout!So delicious! Satisfied my hunger. I got a turkey hoagie onion rings with chipotle dressing so bombWay better than it used to be. They use different meat and rolls now. It's a completely new sandwich. I believe they have new owners as of recently. Would highly recommend. One of the best cheesesteaks around.I'm surprised that they're still in business.  I had to return steaks a couple of times on different orders because there was literally one piece of steak on each sandwich!  It was loaded with globs of liquid cheese. I gave up on them after multiple attempts to get a decent cheesesteak.
 Overpriced, way too salty, and not worth the trip.Stopped here for a quick meal in route to a wedding. Most notably the staff was very kind and helpful. They definitely created a welcoming, small town atmosphere. I ordered a small milkshake and a chopped steak, with onions, and whiz. Overall I think this was a great classic cheesesteak (I recognize that I say this completely as an outsider). The bread was the perfect combo of soft, crisp, and a little chewy. It came with a generous portion of steak, cheese and onions. The milkshake was less sweet than most, something I liked, but others might not. They had a self serve pickle accouterments bar featuring some spicy hot peppers. Don't expect to find any "healthy" options if you come here, but if you're in for a steak, check it out.They used to have a great cheesesteak here.  Now, the quality of the meat seems sub-standard.  I wonder if that is why they now chop the steak rather than serve it flat?  They did not even ask for a preference, but just served the meat chopped. The sandwich tasted like a steak you could get at any other NE Philly pizza shop (maybe not even as good as some). I was awfully disappointed...This past Saturday I came here from New Jersey to try my first Philly cheese steak & I was  impressed with the food their fries was good to I would come back for another cheese steakI moved to Philadelphia a bit ago and tried my first cheesesteak only to be let down. I've tried all the big name spots and even some of the top rated local places and all have let me down. But for some reason tucked away in this random corner of the northeast lies a steak chain that is clearly underrated. I don't know why, I don't know how, but wit or without it has the best cheesesteak I've ever had in philly/pa period. The meat was thick, tender, had a little crisp on it. The onions were perfect, little jewels of tasty joy and the cheese was heavenly. Melted to perfection and oozing from the seems. also everyone's super nice there. Thanks for the good steaks!They just changed their name. Use to be Wit or Witout. Prices went up and steaks are half the size, literally. Go to stoli's on bustleton Ave, much better.Never really liked this place since it opened ... Stopped here 'cause I wanted a cheese steak and didn't feel like driving further down the blvd to Steve's . I'm glad I stopped in and gave it another shot, the cheese steak, fries and soda combo was a really good deal and was surprisingly awesome,  the cheese fries and steak were loaded with cheese and the portion was pretty insane. I felt my heart stop a few times during lunch but that's just part of the experience. 
Only complaints : the pickles suck bad (bread and butter pickles ?? Also cut too thick)
Fries and napkins were scattered on the floor...It's hard to find a good place to eat out in the far North East, so this place used to be a haven in all the Taco Bell's and McDonalds. But the last time I came here I was really disappointed and probably won't be trying this place out again anytime soon 
First is the portions. We order large cheese fries to share, which we were told would fill a to-go container. When we got home to eat, the container was not even half full (which was explained to the normal for a "small" order). So we over payed for, not even, a small order. That or the employee taking the order just gave us incorrect information we based our order on. 
The cheesesteaks were so bland. The Cali cheesestake barley had any Lettie's and the meat was tough and hard to chew. 
Really hope this isn't the norm for this plce but I don't plan on coming back in the near future to find out.This review is for the location in Feasterville. 
I ordered the lightweight cheesesteak with American cheese with onions. 
First off, had I known ahead a time that the cheese would be cheese whiz consistency,(all melted and a mess)I would have ordered a plain steak or requested for the cheese(Hopefully it's not processed cheese) to simply be placed on the roll, then put the hot steak on it. The roll was not great. A bit chewy. The steak itself was fair to good. 
I may try it again and voice my preferences.Seems they do deliver! Love the cheesesteaks here and one of my favs to get cheese fries! I honestly like them better then Steves... Better prices too.The worst meal I've ever had delivered to my home. This place needs to be shut down. Do NOT spend any money here, you will regret it.I never understood the hype with wit or witout. Ive had alot of cheesesteaks in my life, and wit or witout never was anything impressive to me.Fantastic cheesesteak! Excellent seeded roll stuffed with Ribeye!
Good enough to win a contest!
Ask for the heavyweight!
Totally delicious!My favorite cheesesteak spot in the northeast. Excellent cheesesteaks! The price is inexpensive and the best part are the two for one combos.Hit up the new TREV'S Steaks in Feasterville on Bustleton Pike. I grabbed the "small" which was far from it. I added extra onions, American cheese and chopped fine with a side of cheese whiz. I didn't want to over do it since I also got a amazing footlong next door at Cheesedawgs.
The steak was pure perfection. Perfectly seasoned and well grilled. Beautifully held together in a just chewy enough pillowy roll.
They offer a bigger steak, next time for sure I'm going to tackle it. The meat was seasoned well and I really thought the way it was grilled set it apart from many other top steaks on the group.
I liked I just walked in and no need (for now) to call ahead it was ready lickity split. Kudos for that. Great place, friendly and stupendous food. On my top go to list for sure now. Bravo guys. Take a bow.....Ordered an Italian hoagie with oil.  Got an Italian hoagie with mayonnaise.  How disgusting is that???  And how hard is it to follow that directive??  Italian hoagie with oil....  If I wanted mayo I would have asked for it.Burnt fries cheesesteak wasn't bad but not that good. I wouldn't go out of my way to come hereProbably the worst Cheese Steak, i ever tasted!!! With or Without, use to be good when they first opened 5 years ago!! Now, since they downgraded their Italian Rolls & Switched to Sirloin, from Rib-eye, they're horrible!! Like a Fast-food Cheese Steak Restaurant, that might appeal to outsiders! People visiting Philadelphia & searching for a Cheese Steak place to eat!! Locals know their food is Crap!! Such a Pity that, With or Without, at one time in my opinion, had a Cheese Steak comparable to one of the Best in Philly, Steve's Prince Of Steaks!! In fact, the next day i had to go to Steve's to get a real Cheese Steak, after that unpleasant experience @ With or Without!! Location on Red Lion Rd, next to Wendy's!! Also, HORRIBLE SERVICE WITH A RUDE COOK!!!!!!!! French fries were good,but that's it!!!!It seems like it would be good. Both times so far I ordered ahead of time for 4pm. Got there at 3:40 expected to wait a little bit. Nope food was ready and already not hot. Not even warm.Pros:  easy ordering, fast delivery, food was hot, cheez wiz fries were good
Cons:  ordered two cheesesteaks, one with onions, both had onions; meat was very chewy, would probably benefit from being chopped instead of sliced
Just wasn't very enjoyable food overall, disappointed, should've read the newer reviews before ordering.The Philly cheesesteak was awesome. Full of flavor and not too greasy. The WoW sauce is a must. Delivery was quick and everything came hot! Definitely recommend this place.I was dying to like this place. We've ordered food there several times over the last 8 months. They amost always get it wrong, or make the food carelessly. They aren't very nice when the owner isnt there or on the phone. Tonight, we ordered for the 4 of us, my wife ordered a grilled chicken salad. They gave us breaded chicken, so I called and they said they would take it back. When I got there they were rude and said they don't sell the salad I ordered. I told them we ordered it online from their menu. They made no attempt to accomodate, by say, putting the grilled chicken they put on the cheese steaks on it. They just kind of shrugged. I asked for my money back. My cheese steak was also terrible, had very little meat on it and most of the cheese was on the outside of the roll. If you are gonna charge 10 dollars for a cheese steak it should be decent. Honestly, it's just a waste of time ordering from this place. The foods sucks, the service sucks, they don't seem to care at all and it's expensive. So, we're done. Never going back. Stay far away from this place.