If you like wine and cheese, you are probably already a fan of Tria's two center city locations. If you like wine and cheese and live on the other side of the river, you probably hardly ever remember that they exist - or resent the trek it takes to get there. 
Enter: Biba. 
The owners of Tria have created a very cozy, friendly space in a perfect location for residents of University City who head downtown less frequently - and for the Penn/Drexel community members who live in CC but are tired of having to head all the way home to go out. The menu is smaller than Tria's, but I have yet to run out of options before I run out of room in my stomach. 
I've always found the staff very friendly and knowledgeable. They are happy to recommend wines/cheeses based on past preferences, idiosyncratic requests, or to suggest pairings. They genuinely seem to enjoy the food and drinks they serve. 
As a caveat, I have never been in the early evening and the space is small enough that it is likely to get crowded. Before happy hour and after dinner I've always been able to find a seat and hear my companions.My friends and I engaged in a semblance of extreme couponing on a Sunday (a beer, a wine and a cheese at half price) during Dining Days ($15/three courses) recently. That was a ridiculous deal - lemony asparagus, a gorgonzola fig salad (one of my Tria faves), Delice de Bourgogne (cheese of the gods) and a pint of Chester County bitter for under $20. 
The patio is lovely. I wish the chairs inside had backs. The space is sleek and somehow looks bigger than its previous coffeeshop incarnation. Menu-wise, though, it's pretty much Tria lite - lots of wine and a pared down selection of beer, cheese and snacks that you'll recognize from Biba's big sisters. For me personally, Tria makes life worth living, so I'm certainly not complaining - but I can't see much of a reason to seek out this spot when you have two Trias with the same stuff except more of it.As a Penn student, Biba is now my top spot around campus if I want to have a romantic dinner or take a friend out for a classy meal that wont break the bank.
I recently went to Biba for the second time when a good friend of mine (who is a total foodie) came to visit.  Every first bite he took of each plate was with closed eyes and a look of utter ecstasy on his face.  The only dish we thought was only "good" as opposed to delicious was the meat plate.  We really enjoyed the mixed olives, the truffled egg with spinach (served in a cute sizzling skillet), the cheese (I forgot the name) that's served shaved into a pretty flower shape with honey that you drizzle on top, and the truffled mushroom pate.  It doesn't sound like much food for two but with all the bread, you feel full surprisingly quickly.  They are always willing to bring you more bread as well if you need it.  I don't know a lot about wine but the really friendly staff are always willing to help me choose something that always tastes great.  At under $10 a glass, it's a steal.  
My only complaint about Biba is when it's really crowded, it can get really noisy.  The first time I went there with my boyfriend I could barely hear him from across the table.  Otherwise, definitely one of my favorite restaurants for an upscale dinner without the hefty price tag.great sauv blanc.  i was so-so on the other whites i tried.  LOVED that truffled egg thing - almost ordered seconds.  good cheeses, attentive service.  tiny place - arrive early and hunker down.Three cheers for "$20 for $10" Living Social deals and $5 a glass wine nights! This evening, my lady-date and I consumed two glasses of wine and two small plates, all for an astounding $20 with tip. We definitely toasted to that! And the food that complimented the wine and the cozy but energized atmosphere. 
This would be an excellent place to bring a date and it seemed like a lot of patrons were doing just that. Around 5 p.m., there was a large college crowd that gave way to what seemed like people just getting out of work. We weren't able to score any outdoor seating, but we did grab two bar stools by the mirrored bar wall...I probably should have felt cramped there, but I didn't. There is a nice, open feeling about the place. 
I ordered some smoked gouda cheese, goat cheese and pesto on toasted bread, pairing this with a glass of rosé: wow. It was all very simple and good. And if I worked over by this place or had to go by it on a daily basis for any reason, I'd be having a wine and cheese problem (or party? However you choose to look at it)! Nice work, Tria.How much do I love Tria?  I love Tria enough to venture the whole way to other side of the river to try out their new celebration of fermentation at Biba.
I had been awaiting the opening of Biba for months, but it looks like the delays in set-up were worth it based on the beautiful space they have created in the West Bank building.  I got the feeling of industrial warehouse meets rustic farmhouse meets hi-tech wine bar.  Somehow, they pulled these themes into a cohesive blend of glassed-in wine cellar, rustic casks, exposed ductwork, and lots of striking wood.  The attention to detail shines through from the carefully selected light fixtures to the aesthetically pleasing (if horrifyingly dangerous looking) red-enameled meat slicer.  The plans to replace the current front windows with ones that open completely to the sidewalk will really open up the space.  There were plenty of seats available when I arrived at 6:00 on a Tuesday evening, but the place became comfortably full pretty quickly.
The food menu is quite similar to Tria with some overlap in the offerings (selection of cheeses, fig-based morsels, paninis, salads, snacks, etc.).  Obviously the focus for many of the dishes is showcasing spectacular cheeses in thoughtful ways.  I had time for just a quick bite on my way to the theater, and I chose to embrace this new location by trying some of the items least like those I have seen at Tria: the asparagus with hazelnuts and lemon oil, and the beef carpaccio with Pecorino Tartufello that I had been fantasizing about since reading Eva H's review.  Both were stellar.  The carpaccio was some of the best I've had - high quality beef rendered into silk-like sheets that melted instantly on your tongue.  The earthy truffle-goodness of the rich cheese was offset nicely by the peppery arugula and cut through with the piquancy of a light lemon oil drizzle.
The two glasses of wine that I enjoyed with my treat were standbys from Tria.  Most of the list looked familiar, and I agree that adding descriptions to the menu would be helpful.  If space is the issue, they could even be in a tiny font to go with the mini-Tria feel.
While I had an outstanding experience, I am not sure how often I will frequent Biba.  The reasons are primarily geographical since I have to literally walk past either of the Tria locations (and then keep walking for another 13 blocks) to get to there from my home.  The menu similarity to Tria makes it difficult to motivate myself; however, I suspect I will occasionally forge the mighty Schuykill to have more of that carpaccio.Super cute, very quaint and small. The waitress was extremely helpful in describing the wines and cheeses that we asked about-- don't be afraid to ask!! Get a soft, spreadable cheese, the aged gouda, and maybe a meat board. Wine to pair, and a dessert wine to finish. 
An enjoyable a experience, not something I'd make a staple because of the price, but if I ever want to go for wine & cheese and don't want to prepare it at home, this is where you'll find me.I LOVEEEE Tria!!! I usually go to the Rittenhouse location, but there was a groupon being offered for the wine room so I snagged it :)
The food is always amazing, each location offers a slightly different menu, so I was a little sad to see that one of my favorite dishes wasnt on the menu, but what I got was still scrumptious. :)
I love that there menu changes with the seasons, and along with that you get always the freshest ingredients they have to offer.
The service was great at this location too and they had the same ice tea that they serve at the other location which is seriously the best iced tea I have ever had. It is BOMB.com! Bomb.com!
The only downfall about this place is it has limited hours that its open, and I don't love the open seating lay out. You share long tables with you fellow diners. But I know that it is the wine room style, I just don't personally dig it.
I think Ill stick with my Rittenhouse location, but if you live in University city our find yourself in that part of town, I highly recommend the Tria Wine Room. :)I was satisfied with my visit to Biba. There are a lot of similarities with Tria that I enjoy. There aren't as many items on the menu, but the selections were well planned. With a smaller menu it was actually easier to order a cheese and meat that complimented the beer I ordered. At Tria I usually take a while to decide.
The interior is amazing. There is such a warm vibe throughout the restaurant. The wine cellar is located in the middle and definitely draws attention when you first walk in. I think its an odd location to have a wine bar, there isn't much going on at that part of Walnut.
There was only one problem that I had with Biba. The clientele that came in was really annoying. I'm usually not bothered with other people while I'm enjoying a restaurant and I can just ignore it. Biba on the other hand... it is very close quarters and it became very loud after more people showed up. I can't ignore the fact that my roommate and I needed to shout back and forth to have a conversation. The atmosphere was very chill until it turned into a frat party. 
Basically if you enjoy Tria and happen to find yourself in University City, Biba is a solid selection. There is probably a time of the night when its not so crowded and full of flying napkins and fart jokes... so I'd suggest going then.After a sub par experience the last time I visited Tria Wine room, I was invited to give it a second chance by the owner. I didn't intend for that to take three months but we finally made it to that side of town, on a freakishly slow Thursday night. At one point, we were the only two in the bar around 9:30. Our sweet bartender was just as befuddled as we, so we were able to make small talk, which almost never happens at the always-busy Tria locations. Hence, this was a much different experience than our last, when it was over crowded and service was inattentive. We enjoyed one glass each of the funky reds, and split a syrah (generously). We had just eaten so we didn't dine here, but the one glass of Copertino was so out of this world, it made my night! All leather, cherry and mushroom with a finish that lingered til the next sip. Yum! I sort of wish it was a bit livelier in the bar when we visited but we still had a pleasant experience, good enough to nullify our prior, icky experience. Clearly, they have their act together. And yes, it's is a tad pricy here, so make aN effort to appear for happy hour (which makes a second appearance at 10pm on weekdays).Biba is really just the perfect spot to have a lovely romantic special time with your best friend.  With such crazy schedules as we have, it was a spur of the moment kind of thing - I met my sweetheart at the train and we biked to the place in no time flat.  They have convenient hooks under the big center table that fit a lot of stuff including your helmet and the table is high enough to accommodate large packs.
The beer selection that evening was delicious, and it was also  refreshing to have so many hand-picked delicacies on one page.  Each morsel on the menu was a hit, and there were not going to be any "fillers" or boring choices.  I like that - something special picked out by the restaurant for our enjoyment.  I knew that whatever we chose would be tasty and special.  And there are so many delectable things to choose from, and extremely well-priced.  You can afford to come here.
Also, the hostess couldn't have been sweeter, prettier and better dressed for the night.  She was really elegant and darling and made everything just right.  And the food was delicious.  Flavorful cheeses (I don't even really enjoy cheese as a food, except raw nut cheeses, but this was a real treat), a delicious and well-balanced salad, extra bread... I was happy with the small delicate portions, and my sweetie enjoyed filling up his big savory sandwich and dark Rasputin Stouts.   I enjoyed the drama of the decor of the place, crystal-clear, transparent.  It makes one feel at home and relaxed, but with a bit of luxury and excitement.  And that lighting makes your honey's lips and gleaming eyes look and taste extra-delicious!
I recommend coming here when it is warmer and taking a nice romantic walk along the Schuylkill Trail to get there, or take some time after dinner to relax and smooch along the river.
The people working there made us feel really good and that topped off the whole night.
Oh, one note on the no wi-fi... it's really nice to go somewhere these days and, instead of pushing buttons staring blankly into a dull screen, see people smiling, laughing, drinking and looking into each other's eyes, really communicating, having a great time with each other!Awesome wine bar with tasty food, cool crowd and great bartenders.  Modern decor with glass-enclosed wine room in the back.  Look for specials and events in their email newsletter.  Great place to go for late night drinks or happy hours.I love Tria, and this location is no exception. I love the decor and it's a welcome addition to the UCity area. I arrived at 6 on a Monday evening and was surprised to see how packed it was...there was a 25-minute wait for seats for 2. I guess it was the aftermath of HH and the fact that a Living Social deal expires tomorrow. Either way, all employees were very nice and friendly. I think our favorite was the truffled egg with fontina cheese, but we also loved the crostini with ricotta, pistachio and lavender honey. The only thing we didn't love was the white bean hummus. Overall, Tria is an awesome place to go for a drink or a glass of wine. Just plan on it being busy!A small intimate space to enjoy some wine with friends.  They have a special from 10PM to closing where all wine are $6.  That's pretty awesome.  For a wine place, they also have great beer so everyone can find a little something here.Bibalicious.  They only opened a few months ago, but I've already been there (with a group of friends, for a girls' night, on a date, and by myself!) more times than I can count. The atmosphere is warm and cozy (although as previous reviewers have mentioned, it can get crowded pretty easily), perfect for mid-winter. The interior is sleek, mostly wood and glass which, combined with the dim lighting and candles on the bars, gives Biba the sophisticated feel that you would expect from a wine bar. 
So far the food has been solid, with friends of mine rating their snacks anywhere from "pretty good" to "super-yummy."  The past few times I've been I've ordered the super-soft and buttery Delice de Bourgogne, either as a cheese (around $7) or as crostini ($5, three large crostini covered in cheese and topped with allegash cherries). I've also ordered the truffled egg with potato, mushrooms, spinach and fontina - it was small but savory, rich, and decadent enough that I was glad I decided to share.
The service is very good and the servers can "talk wine" (at least as far as I can tell). When it gets busy and you are part of a large group it sometimes takes the servers a little while to notice that you haven't yet ordered, but on the whole service is speedy, friendly, and (importantly) not pretentious.
Last but definitely not least, price is one of Biba's strong points. All of the wines are under $10 a glass, with many in the $7 - $8 range. The cheeses and other snacks (which are mostly savory and cheese-influenced) tend to be in the same range, mostly $4 - 9.  This means that even poor grad students like me can take a night out to enjoy some wine and cheese!Great Happy Hour Specials. But the Food was quite phenomenal !!!! We tried the Lamb Sausage with White Bean Purée, Truffled Egg Toast, Caramelized Onions and Feta Crostini and also the Flour less Expresso Cake - All were amazing. Wasn't really thrilled about the White Bean Spread with Bread dish but other than that everything was a treat. The service was also excellent !!!! Great way to spend a Saturday evening !!!!This is a nice lil place. The outdoor seating on a warm night is quite lovely and the folks there really know their wine. Have been there twice and each time ordered the smoked chicken panino sandwich.....soooo good!I stopped in before a Penn basketball game on a Saturday.  They open at 4 and from 4-6 I think they have three $5 glasses of wine.  I tried the two red options.  Both were good.  As far as food, I had $20 to spend with a coupon, and went with a softer brie like cheese, and a harder cheese.  They were served with bread, quince paste, and caramelized onion.  The onions were awesome.  I also ordered the mushroom truffle crostini with fontina cheese.  Three perfectly crispy thin pieces of bread covered in mushrooms were served.  It had truffle and it was delicious.  My friend ordered a beer, but the bartender forgot about it, and when we reminded her she was super apologetic and took it off the bill.  It really wasn't a big deal, but I appreciated her commitment to customer service. This spot is a lot smaller than the other Trias, but it's a nice option pre or post dinner in University City, or if you just want to meet a friend for some wine and cheese.Love love Biba!!! - the more mellow counterpart to Tria located in West Philly. I quickly noted its within a stone's throw from work- hmm after work drink?? The decor is modern, simple, and unassuming. The wine list is extensive and inclusive of Californian, French, Spanish, etc, etc.. Have tried more than a few items on the menu and really you can't go wrong. Cheese and meats galore that always seem to pair well with the wines. Love this place much more than crowded Tria...Beautiful interior. Clean and modern. Handsome,friendly staff.  The only complaint was that there was so sign on the restroom so I wasn't quite sure if it was a restroom or a storage closet before I opened the door.
It's a hip little place where the guys were knowledgeable and eager to start a conversation.
We had the meat plate and I think my boyfriend may have fallen in love with it and asked it to marry him.  The meat slicer is amazing and slices it paper paper thin...you can see through it.
Wish I lived closer because this would be my go-to place.I've been here a few times over the past 6 months and loved everything I tried-- largely food, but some cheeses and wines as well. 
Wine and cheese during happy hour are great with a small group of friends. The atmosphere is relaxed, service is friendly and great overall,  and food/cheese/wines are interesting and not everyday encounters. 
Some of my favorite foods here are the smoked  salmon on toasted brioche with mascarpone and pine nut-raisins, prosciutto with spiced dates, truffled egg toast with fontina, and all the paninis.Believe the hype. 
Biba is really the perfect place to spend any part of your day. It's an especially amazing place to decompress, chat, nibble, sip, giggle and generally enjoy just being.
I forced my boyfriend to accompany me to "biba before bed" (Biba's late-night version of happy hour where all glasses of wine are $6). He was apprehensive and we were a little intimidated by the pretentious dudes smoking skinny weird cigarettes outside, but once we stepped through the doors it was 2 hours of awesome. We weren't transported anywhere, I didn't feel like I was somewhere other than West Philly but that's the point! 
Highlights: 
-I had somewhere to hang my coat and purse under the bar
-I discovered The Bird and The Bee's music
-The bf, an avid red wine hater, was introduced to a red that he loves
-The eggplant panino is a) listed in correct, singular noun form (instead of panini)  and b) freaking delicious
- Noticing that we had ordered one panino to share between us, it was brought out already cut into two, on separate plates, aside a tiny but really tasty salad. No asking, sending back, awkwardly taking turns biting. Nice touch, Biba.
-The guy behind the bar was SO accommodating to my indecisiveness and tendency to be long-winded about things that don't matter
Suggestion for Biba:
-Change the name of the "Biba Meat Plate." Amidst fancy french this and sassy Italian that "Biba Meat Plate" sounds gross. I wanted it, but I couldn't bring myself to order it. 
Thank you, Biba. I couldn't have thought of a better way to spend a Thursday night. (and thanks Yelpers for puttin' me on.)I was significantly impressed by Biba. I spent a couple of hours there catching up with a friend in the evening, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
I liked the layout - lots of warm colors, wood-paneled walls, a prominently displayed wine cooler, and I thought the bar seating was an excellent idea for maximizing space without having to trip over people and tables. 
Both the food and the wine were surprisingly affordable. I enjoyed a glass of red and a white wine. My friend and I split the tuscan bean dip and the charcuterie platter - both of which I would recommend, but especially the meat because I am a sucker for sopressata and theirs was delicious.
The service was good, and the music was excellent - I giggled with excitement when I heard the Magnetic Fields. My one complaint would be that, as awesome as it was, the music was very loud and it was occasionally difficult to hear my friend over the din. I felt like we were yelling sometimes.
Overall a great place and I'll definitely be back to share it with others.I absolutely adore this restaurant. Good food, great service, wonderful wines, beautiful atmosphere while still being casual. Whenever we catch a show down the street at World Cafe, or we're in University City to walk around, we stop here to eat. I so wish they were opened on Sundays as we've often wanted to take friends here on a lazy Sunday evening and realized they aren't open on Sundays. And I wish they offered gluten free options. 
The vibe at this one is more laid back than the one in Rittenhouse Square, but still very classy.I'm a big fan of all things Tria. Tria Wine Bar is no exception - I've been stopping by ever since its doors opened as Biba. It's sort of like the smaller sister to the other Trias in Center City, but thankfully for those who work and school in University City, there's something closer to hit up for happy hour. The wine list always has great options to choose from. They also tend to offer a fair amount of specials at this location. The food is also pretty good too - typical Tria fare. I am a fan of the charcuterie plate, and I would try the chocolates at least once. They are delicious but not inexpensive for what you get. Perhaps my favorite thing about this Tria is the wooden deck they have outside. It's fairly small but when you can get a seat outside in the spring or summer, it can be quite the complement to your wine and/or cheese.I love Tria wine room.  Unlike the other Trias, it's never crowded at night.  The wine is always delicious, the bartender makes good suggestions for cheese and it's really beautiful inside.  Apparently they have happy hour 7 days a week. This is a great post work (after 9) spot to unwind with some wine and friends.  Oh, and they play good music.
Minus one star because it can be full of the pretentious Penn crowd but I guess that's what you get if you're out in that area.Open, warm, cozy, fun... we had a great time at Tria.  We made it for the $5 happy hour where they had one white, one rose, and one red wine for $5.  We used a living social voucher to get the meat plate, one cheese, and the figs.  The figs are stuffed with gorgonzola cheese and plated on top of prosciutto.  Since the prosciutto was already on the meat plate, it was kind of overkill with prosciutto.  But it was still good.  It was all excellent. Great place for tapas and wine or beer. Nice wine selection.  
I will be back! Highly recommend.  I prefer the UC location over the 12th street location - it was more open and you didn't feel squeezed in or crowded. The bartender Patrick was friendly and attentive and was happy to answer all of our questions about the cheese and food.I should probably start this review with a long list of superlatives but I'll settle for just two.  Amazing and extraordinary!  If you are from Center City take the big leap and cross the bridge.  You can to it!  It's worth it!  If you are from the western burbs it's an easy drive.
Most folks come here for the wine and the cheese & meat plates.  Yes there will be several craft beers but the stars of the show are wine and cheese.  The cheese and meat plate come will all manner of yummy accoutrements that always seem to go well with the wine.
I could go on and on about the wine selection but it's such a personal thing I'll let you discover the wonders when you visit.  
This is a great place to go to begin an evening.  If you plan on spending the evening here you will probably spend a little more than you expect but it will be worth it!When I had won tickets to the later showing of the First Person Arts' The Ex Files at World Cafe Live; it originally created a slight dilemma of figuring out where to meet beforehand since there was a whole other Ex Files session beforehand, and Slainte or the pub in 30th Street Station didn't feel like the right spots to make the first impression that I was looking to make on my viewing companion.
Fortunately on a whim I decided to take us towards the results of the renovation that I remembered from my previous visit a year and a half prior, and came across Tria Wine Room in the space that used to house Intermezzo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/intermezzo-cafe-philadelphia#hrid:4JOoVxnGW7--G1sweOgV7w/src:self). Despite being freakishly small and feeling somewhat crowded on occasions I loved the chill vibe and various food and drink offerings that Intermezzo managed to bring to the table. But upon first visit I couldn't help but feel that Tria managed to triple upon those offerings.
The only reason I give 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because of how tiny the location is. I say this while personally experiencing how small the Midtown Village and Rittenhouse Square locations of Tria can feel; but this one takes it to a whole new level as we were promptly sandwiched between two other dining parties who where getting ready to be a part of the very same show we were attending. So find yourself being prepared to be a part of the numerous conversations that surround you whether your ready to or not.
But like both main Tria locations, the food and drink selection make facing the size more than worth it. While not too large the beer list is a well proportioned mix of pale ales, Belgian styles, dark beers, and then some that will have you finding at least 5 brewa that you haven't heard of before. And with it being a wine room they obviously have an ambicable selection of reds and whites to go through. Working at a Specialty section of Whole Foods for 8 hours prior meant that I was as ready to savor the cheese centered menu as most other diners would be. But since I didn't cut any feta that day I was sold on trying the lamb sausage plate that featured white beans, peppers with a slight kick, and a mint feta sauce. The homemade sausage was a pleasant surprise, and the feta sauce added on a whole new element to a cheese that I have been cutting for years that I became quite enlightened by. Overall another winner for Tria that I look forward to trying again.Billed as Tria's "fun little cousin" just over the Walnut Street Bridge in West Philly, Biba surpassed expectations from the moment we thirsty travelers wandered in. 
An evening lecture at the Penn Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology had woken our need for a glass of wine, a pour of beer, and some decadent snacks. Damn, did we find the right place!  Though there are no beers on draft, the bottled selection should satisfy any geek with representation from every major style.  
My Allagash White was $6 and provided a refreshing palate cleanser in between bites of Biba's signature dish, a gratin of truffled egg with potato, wild mushrooms, spinach and fontina.  This rich little number was just as charming as its predecessor and plausible inspiration, Tria's truffled egg toast. Our server kindly split a green salad (with tons of crumbled, pungent bleu cheese) onto two plates without being asked. 
Two cheeses, the cloudlike, dreamy triple-creme La Tur and a racy blue Vacheron, finished us off.  The only gripe I can muster about Biba is the bread served with everything: it's a hard-crusted, country-style loaf, and in my opinion far too rustic for the sort of elegant cheeses featured here.  These fine fromages would be better served by something more like a baguette, with a finer crumb and less forward yeasty flavor.  A minor quibble, to be sure, and not one that should prevent anyone with a yen for the fabulous fermented from enjoying Biba.Maybe I was under the impression it was going to be a little cheaper than Tria? Either way, it's not really. But that's okay, it's just as nice to have a "splurge" bar in West Philly as it is to trek down to Center City.
Biba offers most of the things I love about Tria, minus the larger selection of beers (but it is a wine bar, so I can't be TOO disappointed, and their bottle selections are good, if expensive). But the awesome cheeses are still there, and their well-curated sandwich list is delicious (PLEASE try the one with the prosciutto and figs--it is amazing). 
Service has been friendly and well-informed every time we've gone; it's usually not too crowded, and the outdoor seating is both comfortable and stylish. Nice addition to the neighborhood (considering the other alternative in that building is Mikey's...urgh).Some friends and I checked out Biba last weekend. I enjoyed 2 glasses of a smooth red wine while G and his beer buddy sampled some of the beers. We noshed on a cheese plate and the carpaccio; we chose the carpaccio only after reading the yelp reviews on how amazing it was. And it was delicious. The prices are reasonable and the people that work there are so friendly and accommodating.  Certainly worth checking out and having a glass or 2 of wine.Oh Biba, man oh man, do I like you. I agree with what previous Yelpers have said, you can tell this is a relative of Tria, but it's a little louder, a little cheaper and a little easier to get a seat. Visited Biba last night and was shocked by the crowd on a Tuesday night! Especially with how cold it is....it was packed, but not in a bad way. The space is really cozy, the servers are really nice and the menu is a pared-down Tria menu with a few changes. The four of us had the meat board, a few cheeses, split a panini, salivated over the Tuscan bead spread, had the truffle crostini (salty, but good) and the truffled egg skillet. My husband was pleased by the skillet, even though he was hoping it would be the same as the truffled egg toast at Tria. We spent around 200 bucks, which was a little more than I had planned, but we also drank a lot, ate a lot and had a blast. OH! And there are hooks under the tables for your coats. Love it.The Tria in Rittenhouse is one of my absolute favorite places to go, so I went to the Left Bank one with high expectations. The menu and wine list is not nearly as extensive, and to my disappointment they did not have the grilled asparagus salad that I was craving. HOWEVER, the food they did have was still delicious, and if I were not comparing it to the Rittenhouse one I probably would have given it 5 stars. Highly recommend the butternut squash!Biba has a great atmosphere, which is surprising for its location. Reasonably priced for food, but maybe a little on the pricey side for wine at about $9 a glass (5oz pour). Their website doesn't have a menu, but MenuPages.com does, although it's not necessarily up-to-date. 
We went on a Tuesday night for dinner and it was not too crowded. We were seated right away, and chose to sit outside on their very nice built up wooden patio. I ordered a Sauvignon Blanc which was delicious - sadly I can't remember exactly which it was. Also tried a cask beer from sly fox, an amber which was nice and creamy. 
Food: To start we had the warm Tuscan white bean and chive spread for $4.50 - this was a very small crock of dip (similar to the size you would get a side of blue cheese in with wings) and maybe 6 pieces of thin bread crisps. The dip went a surprisingly long way (split between two people) and was very very tasty - a bit on the oily side though. We then split the smoked chicken panino sandwich (served cold) and the grilled artichoke sandwich (served warm). They were both large so it was perfect for dinner. I kept going between the two and couldn't decide which one I enjoyed more, they were both great. 
All-in-all this is a great place to go for a really good glass of wine (and you'll have to pay for the quality) to just hang out with friends and grab small bites to eat. Next time I will definitely try some cheeses...mmm.Love, love, love Biba! The wine selection is great, the staff is knowledgeable and the food is both innovative and delicious. It's like walking into a wine cellar to sit with some friends and have a drink. It's a small space, but comfortable.
A few of my favorites:
chilled asparagus
lemon, garlic and thyme mixed olives
tere de moine cheese
Brie de Nangis with Allagash cherries on crustadaBiba bills itself as Tria's "little cousin", and we popped in for an after-dinner drink last weekend when we were on the other side of the Schuylkill.
You can tell it's part of the Tria family, the menu is organized in the same way, but without the descriptions that are on the Tria menus.  It's a smaller menu too, featuring crostinis instead of bruschettas, and many of the popular Tria items.  No real desserts though, just a selection of chocolates.
Biba keeps all their wines under $10, and it's a thoughtful selection.  Alex behind the bar told me that they're going to try to feature wines distinct from those carried by the two Trias.  
Biba is small, with all its seating at high-tops and at the bar.  There's a lot of concrete too, which can get loud.  It's a cool vibe though, with the glass-walled wine storage the centerpiece of the room.
Good stuff, and they offer a late-night weeknight happy hour where all their wines are $6.Met here with some friends to celebrate end of our first term together.  It was about 4pm on a weekday and the place was empty.  We had it all to ourselves.  I was greeted and assisted with wine selection by friendly waitstaff.  Also ordered a delicious cheese plate.  It was a completely delectable and enjoyable experience.  A hidden treasure in University City!I felt like I was cheating on Tria. Biba is cozy, warm and has a romantic feel to it. I went there with a girlfriend and had a perfectly pleasant experience too! We ordered some wine, chatted, unbothered and left after a few hours. Wish we had tried some food but we will next time. It wasn't crowded at all (a random wednesday night) and I attribute that to the location. i guess it is more the UPenn/Drexel population because it really is an awkward place to go. 
I'll go back, any perhaps make plans elsewhere in West Philly - Biba gives me the incentive to do that.Stumbled in here by chance on a cold day.  Pleasantly surprised by the delicious food and attentive server.  Flavor combinations were very good and reminded me a little of the fig + olive in New York City.  I'm a little dissapointed I don't live closer to it because I would be here all the time! A great addition to the Tria family!The food/wine was great and reasonably priced, but the servers could use some work. The server we had would awkwardly hover really close behind us mid-conversation, before awkwardly running away again -- and for some reason we changed servers halfway through the night from a male to a female.
Everything else was fine, until I was asking for change to tip the waiter and that same waiter came and tried to snatch up my check before he realized his mistake, and then, RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME, goes to the guy getting my change and complains that we've been sitting there for 2 hours. I'm not deaf, nor am I stupid -- which is something that the restaurant should assume, with its close proximity to Penn. 
I found this incredibly rude (and we weren't even there for two hours, to add insult to injury), especially considering that the bar was half-empty at this time and the two of us had ordered almost $50 in wine and food.
Disappointing.This was my first time to the University City Tria location.
During the warmer months, I prefer the 12th and Spruce location to sit outside and take in the neighborhood scenery. During the wintertime, though, I much prefer the inside looks of this spot.
Large, wooden slab tables and low light candles with Ray Lamontagne's soft indie music filling the room. 
We started off with a Prosecco toast (holler) and the warm Tuscan bean spread, which was divine but not my favorite item on the menu.
THEN..the fun happened.  Feeling the champy and enjoying several of the crostinis: apple and goat cheese, truffled mushrooms, and cartelized onions with feta. 
We shared the Smoked Chicken and Lancaster Cheddar with aioli and peppers on grilled bread. The entire food experience was highly notable to say the least.
Intimate setting, good music, extensive wine collection, savory small dishes. I can't imagine a crowd who wouldn't appreciate the loveliness of this place.Love this place! Service is terrific, suggestions are amazing, and awesome selection of wines. Eric waited on me while I sat at the bar tonight and his service was superb. Just wish I lived closer!Besides the group of rowdy baby boomers in the corner, I had a lovely time at the wine room. It's a nice, ambient space, and they have great servers, and, of course, top-notch wines, beers, and cheese (try Rupert if they still have it!). The charcuterie plate is amazing!First off, beautiful space. Plus, the bar had coat hooks. I love bars with hooks.
Based on my love of Tria, I am willing to give Biba another shot. However, the first time I visited I couldn't even stay long enough to get food-- the place is small, and the acoustics are terrible, making the noisy group at front too much to deal with when paired with the overly loud music they were playing.
My friend and I both had a glass of wine, after some helpful advice from one of the bartenders. As expected the staff were knowledgeable and friendly. However, I was disappointed by the limited vegetarian options on the menu (other than cheese, of course). I probably won't hurry back.Love. Love. Love. 
My only complaint is that they don't have many west coast wines (oregon and california)!! Otherwise, I heart Biba. Prices are reasonable. Service is great.Went in on a Friday evening for a glass of wine and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Sat at the bar and had a great glass of wine and a tray of delicious cheeses that were recommended by the bartender.  We will be back!Since me and my friends like Tria so much, I went and bought a living social deal thinking I can use it for the one in Washington West. Alas, no. But I got to try Tria Wine Room, which isn't really too bad of a thing. 
First of all, what kind of restaurant isn't open on Sunday? Maybe it's the rule of the building they are in, but it's really inconvenient. I went back a second time with my friend and I really liked the decor.
Basically, Tria Wine Room is just like Tria even though the menu and the place is a little smaller. As a store, I actually think I prefer the wine room. It's really just a room with a big table in the middle and counter tops. 
I got to try the truffled egg toast which was great. Rich flavor of truffle with the silky egg yolk and satisfying cheese toast. The grilled asparagus, white bean, artichoke, pine nuts salad and tomato-onion relish is served on toast and the kitchen thoughtfully divided up into 2 individual plate for me and my friend. It's quite flavorful and refreshing. We have a salume and cheese board as well but the menu in general lacks meat. Maybe it's just me being overtly a carnivore.
The wine and beer selection is still respectable and I really had a good time. There's also this very handsome bartender. Too bad it's a bit far away. I will still have the other Tria as my main choice.Granted, I only had two kinds of wine and one kind of cheese, but all were delicious.  Either I'm getting better at ordering wine or they just have excellent choices - perhaps both :) The cheese was so expertly paired with the fig jam it came with, but having only the one kind I don't know if that was true skill or pure luck since I don't know what comes with the other cheeses (yet!).
I would totally come back here, even though it's a bit hefty on my wallet for what I'd call a very nice snack. The prices are not unexpected, though - the cheese seemed a bit pricey, but that's pretty typical. One (very small) disappointment is that there's no combo platter for the cheeses.Gorgeous, cozy, and delicious. Ben was our waiter and he was lovely-- knowledgable and friendly. We loved the thinly sliced goat cheese that looked like a flower and tasted luscious. All in all, Biba is a much needed addition to University City!Food: 3.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 4
Value: 4
Not as nice of a location as their others, the food, service, and wine is just as good, and it was a bit less crowded.Great if you are a fan of tapas and wine! The egg toast is one of my favorite things in the world. The figs are also great! This is a really cute place for a casual date.My good friend at UPenn brought me here before I had to catch a train back to NY. Convenient location a few blocks from 30th St Station. Really cute atmosphere with a wine room and communal high top seating in the middle. As it was relatively early, we were seated right away. Made it here with 10 minutes left for happy hour :) Hooray for $5 glasses of wine!
For starters, we had the bean spread with toasted bread. Great service - the waittress saw we still had some spread left so automatically brought us more bread. Also had the truffled egg toast. I thought it was pretty good, but the truffle oil was a bit overpowering. For mains, we had the prosciutto pannini and the chicken pannini, which were quite good.
My only downside is that we ran out of water and they never refilled.This out-of-towner enjoyed the hip atmosphere, the wine and the food. The Chardonnay (Trefethn Estate, CA) I sampled was among the best I've had. Buttery and somewhat bold but with no bite. The Corbieres Chateau Pech-Latt was complex with with notes of cherry. Medium-dry. The Spanish Bonita tuna sandwich with black olive tapenade was delicious and filling. I agree with a previous poster and have tried some cheese had there been a combo plate. There are three Trias in the city. Give one a try.I was so excited to try Biba on a cold Wednesday night (I'm a huge fan of Tria). It did not disappoint. There was something about crossing the river that had deterred me for awhile but I was pleasantly surprised at how easy the walk was to Biba from Fitler Square. The wine was delicious (had the Malbec) and so was the food....our server even gave us complimentary speck (similar to proscuitto) to go with our wine. I took other yelpers advice and tried the truffled egg skillet. Holy crap. Delicious. The speck panini with tallegio was savory and filling as well. Can't wait to go back.Love. This. Place!
We took my 80+ year old grandparents here on a double date - their first wine bar experience. We'd purchased the Groupon, which we put towards a cheese board and another snack (can't remember the specifics; do remember that it was delicious). We went for Sunday school and all really enjoyed the featured wine. My grandparents were tickled by the whole experience, and my grandmother had to take her time standing up after the wine.
The cheese pairings are outstanding. The wines are delicious. The servers are friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive without being obsequious. The setting is cozy and elegant.
In short, I'd like to move in, please.Biba is owned by the same person (people?) as Tria. So the wines are similarly awesome as well as the food & cheeses. What sets Biba apart though is the service. Our bartender Alex was awesome!! Attentive, funny, and knowledgeable. Plus, he helped us out when a smarmy Siberian was creeping on us. I highly recommend their bruscettas, especially the one with beets - it doesn't sound all that great but it is by far the tastiest one on the menu. I should know - we damn near tried all of them!I love Tria and I have a friend that lives over near Biba...so why not.
All the wines are so affordable as well as all the cheeses.
Our waitress was so versed in her wines and cheese pairings. I love her suggestions and will definitely go back.
*** I was so impressed with the decent prices and the knowledge of the servers!!!!!!Haven't been to Biba in a while and snagged a beer class off the fermentation school calendar for a steal! The space here is alot more open and roomy then both big brother locations of Tria. Our class featured local honey,cheeses and brews. Class was engaging , entertaining and yummy . The class ran for about and hour and Biba opened for business early  after it ended encouraging us to stay for another round outside on the deck. I switched gears to wine and opted for a new addition a refreshing white the Pino Toi, my beer buddy stuck to the hops and grabbed up a smelly Belgian beer. We sat out on the deck and enjoyed our bevs while chatting with the fabulous Michelle C and her better half. Perfect afternoon for day boozing , sunny with a nice breeze and entertaining conversation... Biba is the west Philly solution for the person with a sophisticated palate for beer, wine and cheese.I hate to give this place only three stars. I've been there 4 times so far and I love the wine and the food. But the staff just doesn't know how to handle the large amount of customers that they regularly get. They don't take names when there's a huge number of people waiting to eat and they can take forever to get salads and sandwiches to you. The staff is nice and knowledgeable, but it doesn't make for a good dining experience when most of my evening consists of waiting for a table or my food.
So in short: great food and wine, but they need to seriously reconsider their game plan.I've been here several times and the service is always great. The food is quite tasty as well. My two favorites here are the roasted beets and goat cheese arugula  salad and truffled mushroom and fontina crostini. My only complaint is the seating, no privacy at all.This is a great stop for locals and UPenn/Drexel students alike. It is tiny inside, but has nice ambience, with simple decor and cool wine display cases. The prices per glass are a little steep, but you will find unique wine selections that you don't find in many restaurants. Their menu is presented in a very helpful way, separating wines by body/taste. I've had a few of their appetizers as well, and I recommend the figs, gorgonzola and prosciutto. The flatbreads are delectable as well (so my friends and family have said). The staff is extremely friendly, attentive and knowledgeable about the wines and menu overall. This is becoming one of my favorite places to stop after a long day.What's to like about Biba Wine Bar?
 * Location
 * Layout
 * Pricing
 * Savory Fare
Biba is the closest wine and cheese establishment to West Philly and University City; a convenient stopping point when heading west from Center City. 
Although Biba is quite small, it is anything but intimate. The large, bar-height dining table in the middle of the mahogany and white-tile clad restaurant alludes to the communal atmosphere: share dishes, share opinions, and share company with those you know and those you don't. The staff is warm, knowledgeable, and willing to discuss what you are enjoying and what makes it special. 
Biba is priced more moderately than its Tria counterparts. No glass of wine is above $10 and no plate above $12. The idea is to bring people a wide selection of moderately priced, savory fare. I am happy to say this idea is well executed.
I sampled three different cheeses and spreads. The Cherry Grove Toma from Lawrenceville, NJ with strawberry preserves; Montgomery's Cheddar from Somerset, England with horseradish mustard; and the Colston-Basset Stilton from Nottinghamshire, England with pear butter. The menu described the Cherry Grove Toma as one of the establishment's most approachable cheeses, and its coupling with strawberry preserves made it my favorite combination. The Stilton is an enjoyable English blue cheese with a pungence similar to Gorgonzola balanced by the pear butter. Montgomery's Cheddar, one of the world's most well-respected cheddars, was sharp and savory yet still well rounded. 
I also sampled two food dishes, the first being the Prosciutto San Danielle with Spiced Medjool Dates. These prized dates taste more like candy than fruit; they are extremely sweet with hints of caramel. 
My favorite dish, by far, was the Truffled Egg with Potato, Wild Mushrooms, Spinach and Fontina. I have never tasted anything so creamy and savory. The dish is so satisfying from just a few bites that it  belies the complexity of the flavor. Of all the wonderful things on the menu, this is absolutely not to be missed. 
The wine does not disappoint.  My first was the Bodega Benegas "Don Tiburcio" which is a blended red wine; some Cabernet although predominantly a Malbec. The wine begins with a woody, smokey aroma, continuing into a predominantly spicy, fruity flavor and smooth finish. It offers a flexible pairing although quite enjoyable by itself. Be wary of the Meinert Cabernet Sauvignon, a turbulent wine with several  conflicting flavors vying for your attention. Enjoy it for the sake of having something rare and unusual. 
I don't usually write about bathrooms but Biba's features the Toto Clean Dry, a high speed hand dryer. I thought it was really fun to use. But I also think the Jackass movies are brilliant pieces of performance art so take that with a grain of salt. 
Overall, I am extremely happy with my experience at Biba, especially considering it had only been open for two days when I went there. I will be back, and if you see me please don't be afraid to say hi.Who doesn't absolutely love Tria? So when I found out that Tria had opened another sister branch, just blocks from where I lived, I knew I had to try it out. I actually called ahead to see if Biba carried some of my favorites I was disappointed to see that some of my Tria favorites did not make it to the Biba list. A couple of months later, my sister and I were looking for a quick bite and ended up making the 3 block walk. Adorable, sophisticated feel for a wine bar and much much less crowded than Tria. We came on the earlier side, but were immediately seated. Didn't expect this, considering we always have at least a 20 minute wait for Tria. My only regret is that I didn't give Biba a fair try sooner! 
Just like Tria, the staff at Biba were incredibly attentive, chatty and nice. Given all the new selections we asked for the popular favorites and were not disappointed with the selection and the recommendations. My sister tried the chicken panino, and I tried a new eggplant panino. We tried a selection of the goat cheese and skipped the wine that night to get our next favorite, passion fruit iced tea. Over all.. loved the spacious ambiance, the food and the service. Glad to have another favorite in the neighborhood and cant wait to try out Biba before bed.Let me first say I love Tria, so I was hoping for an equally pleasureable experience and was excited it was a block from my office! 
Coworkers and I went to happy hour there. The place was tiny! Tria is also tiny but doesn't feel so as much. The set-up was weird and the sleek glass wine room felt bigger than the rest of the place. Not enough chairs so we had to stand around a wine barrel which is not quite high enough to use as a table and a little hefty for the small space. I liked the idea they were going for though. We kept getting bumped or asked to move as the waiters went through the crowd. I'm sure it would be much better on a random evening, like a Tuesday or at 4pm when they open.
Service was meh....no one really took the time to talk about the beers/wines. I had no idea who our server actually was, as various people were helping us and never introduced themselves. Ultimately I should have just ordered at the bar. Had After a drink or so, some of my coworkers wanted to leave. We asked one waiter to get our check and it never came so we had to ask another one. When we got the check they had put all like 10 of us who were standing next to each other on the same check and left us to figure it all out. I would ahve been okay with a check for each of the smaller groups who were very clearly standing apart from the others. They also included gratuity since we were a 'large group'. I was not to happy with the service, so I was even more upset that they went ahead and added it. I tip very well (like 30%+) when service is good but am not a fan of being forced to tip a certain amoutn was service was crappy.
Many of the food items looked similar to Tria, so they should be good. And can't go wrong with cheese. Very excited they have Eclat chocolates. Am obsessed with them since grad school in WC.
Finally, the wine list was great. Lots of options in various styles by the glass and they looked decently priced. Unfortunately I can't say too much for the beer. They did have some good choices, but only one on tap and most of the bottles were 22oz ones - not a one serving kind of beverage. The beer was also extremely overpriced. A Russian River 12oz (which is an amazing beer) was priced at $14 or $16 I believe. I have gotten the same beer at other bars for a max of $8 and as low as $4.50 during a sweet happy hour special. I can even buy a bottle at the Foodery for much less than that. Maybe they just need to go full on wine with the one beer on cask (love that by the way). 
Overall, kind of disapointed with Biba....I want Intermezzo back and I will stick to going to Tria.I am so happy Tria opened a spot in University City. I've visited two times and truly believe the staff is great. The staff are respectful of letting you choose and will be thorough in describing anything you have questions on. Don't hesitate to ask them for suggestions! 
This location doesn't have as many wine options, but they do have the $5 happy hour that I'd love to try next time.Amazing cheeses, perfectly matching accompaniments (e.g. beet jam with goat cheese, honey almonds with semisoft sheep milk cheese). Service was super friendly and as attentive as could be, even with us needing water refills every few minutes. Wine by glass options were fun but if I'm being picky, maybe $1-$2 higher than I'd have liked ...still, we absolutely loved the relaxed vibe and eclectic menu at this place. Easy walk via safe neighborhoods from the Sheraton University City Hotel too! 
An enthusiastic 4.5 stars, rounded up for those awesome cheese plate accents.More like 4.5 stars, really. If the service and beer prices were just a little bit better, we'd be looking at five stars.
Been here a couple times and have nothing to complain about. The beer prices are easy to sidestep, because there are plenty of excellent wines plus various specials (highlighted wines, deals after 10 pm). 
All of the food I've had here was delicious, including: roasted beets w feta and honey almonds, the smoked chicken sandwich, the meat plate, the roasted almonds and the olives (that was a while ago). 
The interior is sleek, and the outdoor deck is a nice addition, plus the bar and tables near the front when the windows are flung open are a perfect option. There aren't too many bad seats at Biba. My sandwich arrived a bit later than it should have on a recent visit, but that wasn't a dealkiller.
For what it does (fine wines and tasty small plates at reasonable prices), Biba stands alone in its immediate area. As others have noted, there aren't a lot of options over there, but it's nice that UCity has this one.I went to Tria Wine Room for their grand reopening after changing the name.  They had a champagne on special (only one per person) that was delicious and a fabulous wine selection as always.  However, I think that they were not prepared for such a large crowd that day as the service was rather slow, but we had an enjoyable evening nonetheless.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the wine and able to offer helpful suggestions to please our palates.Don't: Come at 8pm on a weekday, because it will be very crowded and you will have to wait a while.
Do: Arrive around early dinnertime (6pm-ish). There will be people there but you can probably get seated right away if you have a small group.
Don't: Bring an expired government ID, even if it is legit, because they won't take it (my friend learned this the hard way).
Do: Order a bunch of small dishes, even if you're not drinking. My favorite dish so far: the grilled crostini with ricotta and lavender honey - light and sweet! The truffled egg toast is also delicious and comes served on a bed of arugula so you can feel marginally healthier.
Don't: Forget to order dessert. I recommend the lemon panna cotta with blood orange sauce, topped with a nice lemon zest.
Do: Buy Groupon / Livingsocial deals for this place, because they are totally worth it. (Can't be used on alcohol though, sadly.)Can't shake this suspicious feeling. It always happens when service people in Philly are genuinely nice to me. That's how the server was at Tria Wine. She was pretty, she was nice, she was well informed. It totally freaked me out to be given such detailed answers about why this one cheese would be different from another. And to have someone not frown when I asked "which is the sweetest wine you have for happy hour?" in such a hoity toity place. $30 of food later I almost forgot that this place is known for it's booze because everything was so scrumptious. The crostini was smothered with goat cheese (hallelujah!) and I watched the guy shave the prosciutto to perfection only to have me practically swallow it whole with the figs. 
Thanks, Tria for making the happiest of hour even happier.I found this place by accident and guess what - it's one of the happiest accidents EVER!!   The Tria group has 3 locations and this in University City - near the World Cafe is a small gem.  The best deal is Happy Hour - Mon-Sat 4-6 & take advantage of $5 Wine Special. ..just a note...they do serve beer too.  They have cheese that must be sampled ---my mouth is watering remembering the offerings.  If you get there early enough - it could be a great beginning of the evening for a date night.came here two days in a row. it's a great place to meet up with a friend, especially after meals or for a long chitchat. I really liked their sheep milk cheese (just the right amount of "goat cheesey taste" and soft almost like brie. Try to ask the waiter/waitress to help with wine pairing, as they did a great job both times. will def go again.If I could, I would give this place 3.5 stars.  The atmosphere is great.  The menu is diverse.  To be honest, I'm never been in love with any particular wine that I have ordered from here.  We ordered a tostada(?) dish with mushrooms and it was delicious.  We also ordered cheese (of course) and that was pretty good.  Overall the portions are small and the prices are high so I guess I just expect the highest quality.  Good place to meet friends, drink wine and enjoy some cheese, just not my favorite.I think I may be one of the few people who doesn't care for the Tria locations in Center City, but this one gets it right.  The space is laid out better, it's not nearly as pretentious, and the staff is much more relaxed.  I always feel rushed and uncomfortable at the other two.
We came for a nice, quiet Saturday happy hour, and had multiple glasses of unusual wine, some delectable crostinis, and lamb sausage.  The only thing that didn't hit the sweet spot, was the dessert...oddly enough.  The espresso cake was a little too fudgy for me, and overpriced.  It needs paired with an ice cream or something to lighten it up.
The service at this location was perfect, and they play fantastic music that's spot-on for the atmosphere and vibe of this place.Drop what you're doing and go to Biba! Now!
You know when you get a Groupon, and you go to spend and enjoy it and you're like, "Well gosh, that was fun, but I still ended up spending $XX and the place was so expensive I'll probably never return..."?
I assure you, you won't have to feel that way at Biba, Groupon or not.
Biba is small, warm and inviting. We sat at the giant island in the middle of the room, which made me feel like I was sitting in someone's grand kitchen. Service was superb. Wines were tasty. The food was phenomenal. Win, win, win. 
Roasted rosemary Marcona almonds ($3) were a simple start to our dinner, though next time I think I'll try something a bit more adventurous from the menu. Toasts with a pungent bleu cheese, smeared with spiced pear butter ($4.50) were wonderful. I had the truffled egg ($7) which was HANDS DOWN the most savory dish I've ever had. Served in a personal-pan-sized cast iron skillet, the egg, fontina cheese, spinach, mushroom and potato sizzled as I generously dipped my crusty bread. The truffle oil was strong, but isn't it always? 
My boyfriend had the prosciutto panino ($9), (not sure why they call them "panino" instead of "panini"...anyone know the difference? It just sounds pretentious to me) which was served with a small arugula salad on the side. 
I hope to "biba"ck soon.
Sorry, that was really bad.just a reallllllly chill place.  i never understood why there was always a crazy line at tria and what all the high ratings were for until I actually sat down one night with my SO.  it's just a really chill quality place with good wine, good recommendations and reliable food.  can't do a "real meal" here unless you don't mind getting full off of paninis, cheese platters and small salads.  the mushroom is very well featured here if you are a "fun guy"-lover (oh no, my bf's terrible puns are infectious).It was a Monday evening, and a few friends and I had planned to grab drinks at Tria. Due to unanticipated events, it soon became more convenient for us to convene in U-City, so I made the ingenious suggestion of going to Biba instead. (Despite what follows, I still think it was an ingenious suggestion.)
"Plan Biba" was like all second choices - not as good as the first. It's just sort of the neglected, lackluster stepbrother of the more lively, personable Tria. Now other than the service (which I'll get to later*), I'm not really sure that Biba is doing anything particularly wrong. Wallet-friendly prices, nice selection of wines, sophisticated atmosphere, slightly unusual (but very monopolize-able!) location. Some places, unfortunately, are just less than the sum of its parts.
Don't get me wrong; I'm definitely grateful that a place like Biba exists this side of the Schuylkill. After all, it adds a bit of dimension to the University City nightlife, which basically consists of Yuenglings at New Deck and the sandwich line at Wawa. But that pretty much sums up Biba to me - not quite what you wanted, but still glad it's an option.
*My friend and I wanted to sample a couple wines before committing to one. Is that asking too much? At a wine bar? Our server ungraciously "prefaced" us that we were overstepping their policy, but implied she'd go out of her way and make an exception for our excessive request. She also pointed out that the two wines I wanted to try were "complete opposites." (I'm sorry, did I ask for commentary?) The only thing I hate more than fake generosity, is paying someone to patronize me.Went with a large group (8 people) for the Saturday happy hour ($5 wines) and to celebrate a friends bday before heading out. We got there when it opened and were able to get the big table in the middle. This was great, and the only downside is that Tria is pretty small, if we hadn't gotten there early we wouldn't have gotten a seat. 
here are only one choice each for white and red for the $5 wine special but they were both very good, and for that price I didnt expect a huge selection. We got a few glasses off the menu when the special ended at 6:00 and they were also fantastic, obviously as its a wine bar there is a large selection and everyone was very happy with their wine. 
We got two cheese plates that we asked the bar tender to make up for us. It was a perfect selection of soft and harder cheeses and she explained everything to us perfectly. The portions were large, and it comes with different accompaniments (honey, figs etc.) and nice little toasts. We also split some sandwiches that were very large, and delicious. The other food we saw coming out looked great too. I can't wait to go back and try it. 
The service was great, they explained the cheese and the wines to us and didnt try to rush us out at all even though we were a large group taking up half of their big table. They also let us use two of our Living Social deals b/c we were a party of 8 even though the deal said one per table and didnt give us a hard time about it what so ever. Will be back very soon!Very well laid out for the small space they have to work with. The wine humidor is a great central focus for the dining room.  The decor does feel like Amada, although in a much cleaner manner--more glass and less crud hanging from the ceiling.  The tapas we ordered were well portioned, and the array of meats, cheeses, and spreads left me stuffed.
I will definitely go back!