Went for the first time tonight, and it was fantastic! Low key dive bar feel, with fantastic food and amazing service. Maria, was the best server I've had in awhile. The pizza was perfect, the calamari was crispy, and the beed sandwich was juicy AF. This place is a gem. There is something to be said about amazing service with a low key vibe. Triangle Tavern is it.Adult. Water. Ice.
I could end this review here and those 3 words might get you in the door without anything else. That's all I needed to know to get me to this place tbh.  From the outside I pictured a dive bar.  Inside was a newly renovated looking bar/restaurant with an neighborhood bar feel, an Italian leaning menu (sunday "gravy" special anyone?), delicious sounding vegan options (weird right? ), friendly servers, and a great vibe. Clientele varies in age. 
We tried the hibiscus, peach,  and original (lemon) water ice and all were delicious (hibiscus was the crowd fave). Glasses go for $6 or $7 and pitchers for $24 ish? Unfortunately you can't get the water ice to go (we asked because it was so delicious). And yea, there's definitely booze in there. How has no one else thought of this?!
I'll be circling back to the Triangle Tavern.Had dinner with friends. Phenomenal red gravy or sauce, if you like. Meatballs excellent , chicken parm excellent, spaghetti excellent, maybe best calamari I've had, fresh, tender , tasty with perfect amount of saltiness, broccoli rabe excellent. Mussels in white sauce were only OK.  A little on the bland side , light on garlic and pretty much no hot pepper flakes. the mussel juice was ok too but they were stingy on the bread so really couldn't do much dipping. Drinks were great. I would have liked to see a little more on the menu  but make no doubt , the food is fantastic and I would definitely go back.This was the perfect low-key bar to kill a few hours before dinner. Pretty good beer selection, surprisingly well made cocktails, and good service. Not too quiet or too loud. We didn't try the food but the fried pickles looked wonderful.I had no idea this place existed, until a certain chef at a certain vegan restaurant gave us the heads up during a conversation about vegan wings... which I seem to be on a mission to try at every establishment offering them in the city of Philadelphia. Or anywhere else i go, honestly. 
So, we went.  First, its a total dive bar. Kinda dark, kinda old, but thats totally fine.  We went new years day -  night, like 9pm maybe (don't really recall) and it was pretty busy!  We were sat quickly though.  Service was very good, everyone friendly even with the somewhat chaotic environment.
Food: good.  Really good. Like really good and i need to go back for sure. Vegan wings were awesome.  Blackbird has been my #1 for a long time, in and out of Philly, but these wings give even the almighty BB a run for the $$. We also tried the vegan roast beef sandwich. My date loved it but it wasn't really my style. She said it was really really really like the real thing. Maybe i don't like roast beef, its been like 20 years since I had it.  Anyway the bread on the sammich was awesome, flavor was good, very "juicy" which was kind of a turn off for me, but i guess others would enjoy.  
I want to go back and try more... there are a lot of vegan items on the menu.  Ill update my review after next visit where i can sample more items.Tried their triangle burger tonight... it was so good. It had a long hot and fontina cheese... sweet and spicy.  I didn't check the temp because I was too tipsy, however it was juicy and delicious so it almost doesn't matter. Thanks triangle ! I think you're a weird place to eat dinner but your bar food is fabulous.We keep going back hoping that this place will be better but are always disappointed. Last night we ordered the Cesar salad which was yummy. Then we got pizza and eggplant parm with pasta. The pizza was dry and had sweet but bland sauce. At best it reminded us of cafeteria pizza from grade school. The eggplant was rubbery and hard to eat. The sauce on the pasta tasted like is came straight from a can. I wish the food was better as the serving staff and ambiance are worth it.The best vegan buffalo wings in the city. Maybe the world.
The vegan roast beef and meatball sandwiches are amazing as well. Great beer selection and down to earth atmosphere. Instantly one of my new favorite bars.The Sunday special was delicious. The food was very good. After we left the meal we got a block or two away and realized we left the leftovers on the table. When we started to go back our waitress was running out the door and across the street looking for us with our leftovers! Would definitely recommend. Good for watching sports as well. Cocktails were excellent.Stopped into triangle tavern during New Years weekend. The place is pretty cool, south Philly hipster vibes. I tried the vegan roast beef sandwich, side vegan meatballs, vegan mozzarella sticks, & vegan buff wings. All I have to say was WOW... everything was amazing! It's a great place to have some drinks but also get down on some great bar food. The staff is friendly and the service was good. I enjoyed it so much I stopped by again in between the mummers activities to get some food with friends before returning back to the festivities. Def stop by for some vegan food when you are in the area!!!We found this place via the Yelp app and stopped in to grab some food to go. 
I'm not vegan, or vegetarian, but a "meat minimalist", so after staring at the menu for a bit, I ordered the vegan meatball sandwich and added provolone cheese, and my husband (who is a vegetarian) ordered the eggplant parmesan sandwich. After hearing how the Triangle was known for their mussels, then debating over the white or red sauce, I ordered some to go with red sauce. 
The vegan meatballs were full of flavor and I was impressed with how good my sandwich was. Then I opened the container for the mussels, and wow, they were good. Really good. That red sauce was perfect. My husband even ignored his diet and ate some mussels, without regret. 
There are so many awesome food options on their menu, next time we're in town, we'll have to stop by again.Since their grand re-opening, I think we've been to Triangle Tavern at least 10 times--and each time we've left with new good things to say.
BY FAR my favorite thing on the menu is the Adult Water Ice. I've had just about every flavor but so far nothing tickles my fancy quite like the Peach!
My husband is always stoked on the beer list and has had many a "MMMmm" worthy beverage from their draft list.
I am SO excited to find a place with decent hot wings in the area that I could almost do a cartwheel (which if you know me, you know is a BIG DEAL). Admittedly while typing "h-o-t w-i-n-g-s" I did salivate a little too much (read: drooled).
We've ordered dishes like the spaghetti and meatballs, burger and caesar salad and all have been at or above average (especially considering the price). Everyone (but me because I'm a weirdo) raves about the Sweet Potato Fries but if we could change one thing it would be the standard idaho ones (we're crispy shoestring people). 
Overall a great joint for a quick bite and just a smidge cheaper than the Cantina (our regular go to). LOTS of options for Vegetarians and Vegans!!Great beer selection and cocktails. Meatballs are fantastic and the spicy linguini with clams is also legitimate. Servers are friendly and it draws a diverse crowd. Owned by the same people who own royal tavern and Khyber which are also great.Food is excellent.   Issue is some of the staff, specifically the bartenders.    Some are AMAZING, like J.P. and Sam Benson.  While others, like other Sam, seem miserable, inattentive, and disinterested.   If not rude at times.   My friends are there enough where the difference between treatment is noticeable.   You lose business because of it.   Plus kudos to Henry and Christian.  As people there enough to know everyone's name, please take this review at face value.We went here for brunch and I was pleasantly surprisingly. The decor inside was so old school Italian south Philly which I loved. But the staff and clientele were a bunch of hipsters. The food was great and coffee was good. Their sausages as real Italian sausage not breakfast sausage. The pancakes were surprisingly good; we split one giant pancake. The polenta fries were so worth it! I'd definitely go back!This place is really cool! We randomly stopped in here for drinks, and I didn't realize how chill this place was! It's actually quite spacious, big bar area in the front, dining room in the back. The beer lists were decent, but they also had some creative cocktails on the menu. The food menu looked so good, we had to order the grilled halloumi even though we weren't even hungry. It was delicious!!! We also ordered a side of artichoke hearts which were pretty good in a light olive oil sauce. 
Overall a really cool place in here. Not what I was expecting! Nicely surprised. I'd love to come back and eat a full meal here.Triangle reopened recently to a new owner and completely revamped menu.  We went on a Saturday for an early dinner and it was pretty awesome. Our waitress was great and recommended a bunch of things and she was on point about all of them. We had the chicken parmesan with spaghetti, broccoli rabe, meatball sandwich and a bunch of other stuff. My friends said the meatballs were the best in the neighborhood. I'm glad we tried Triangle out. I would totally come back here a bunch, and it's a great addition to the neighborhood. I like the fact that they kept the vibe of an old school south philly place, but updated it enough to feel current.I am really glad that The Triangle is back & better than ever. The vegan items are off the charts ( "meat"balls, roast "beef", seitan buffalo wings, cheese"steak", mushroom scrapple, eggplant parmesean) like they seriously couldn't possibly be any better! 
The service is always great (at the bar & in the dining room) and the crowd is mixed eclectic which is my favorite type of crowd . The music isn't great but it's not screaming loud & they have a jukebox so it is easily remedied! The prices are a little bit high on some items but they make up for it on low prices on others (vegan wings $12 ... $3 24oz cans of Miller Lt). 
Over all I think it's a great addition to the neighborhood & I hope the neighbors stop being ridiculous & let them have outdoor seating next year!!!First time in the "new" triangle...decor much improved as you can imagine...had the mussels in white...which were good...the sauce was a bit mild for my taste...than the pork with sharp chedder...it was good...but again as with the mussels a bit under seasoned for my taste...my wife was fine with it...then we split the apple crustini I believe they called it and that was fabulous! Moist and tasty...the wife thought it could be improved with a scoop of ice cream but I thought it was fine the way it was...the cake by itself was delicious, and the Apple was just the icing on the cake as it were...we'll be back.Obsessed. Simply obsessed. Stopped in for a Sunday brunch with my husband. We've heard a lot about the vegan options, especially the cheese steak. Not only were we able to choose from the brunch menu options, but we were also able to pick from the full menu, which I love. I natvwhen you hit up a spot for brunch but are only limited to a few items. We ordered the vegan cheese steak, a side of meatballs, homefries, a salad, and fries. Everything was amazing. The cheese steak is by far the best vegan one in the city. The seitan is flavorful and cooked to perfection. It's shaved well to give every bite greay texture. The whiz is heavenly. We added long hots to The steak, definitely a good move. The meatballs!!! I had to ask my waitress to make sure they didn't serve me regular ones. I haven't eaten meat in 4 years, but they fooled me. Amazing flavor and the red sauce was zesty and tangy.  Not heavy at all. 
Atmosphere was fun. A lot of People were sitting at the bar with drinks. I couldn't help but look at threat of the food coming out. Our waitress was very friendly and recommended we come back for dinner soon. 
Can't wait to return. I want to try the vegan roast beef or pizza next.Went with the family Wednesday night. Brian is always a fantastic server and my meal was excellent. The cauliflower bruschetta was tasty with a decent kick of heat. And the Eggplant Parm was delicious. Mark McKinney has gone and done it again! Going back tomorrow!My relationship with the Triangle goes back more than 25 years, so its closing left us sad, but its reopening was great to see.  I brought two big teenage boys that were very hungry, they were not disappointed in their ravioli, calamari or veal francaise (which I had two). So a big thumbs up on food quality.  It was not very busy, but the service was incredibly slow and the kitchen timing seemed off. Our server was essentially indifferent, and with the tiny "wine" glasses they provide, you need to keep tracking him down to get refills (should've gone carafe). So all in all - food is a 4.5 for good red sauce with some twists, service is about a 2.  Will we be back to the place my husband and I went on our first date, the jury is out.  PS - its INCREDIBLY LOUD....and that is without Dusty Rhodes.Went last night and the place was packed, but the service was excellent.  Seems to be a very experienced, hard-working and friendly staff.  
They have cheap PBR and the chicken parm was bangin'.  5 stars, without question.The first time I went with two other people and it was packed (probably because it was one of the first weeks they were open). We were seated at a group of the barstools and the food was pretty underwhelming (I had the meatball sandwich- which was just not that great and I think it might have been the bread). 
Last night my boyfriend and I decided to give it another shot and I'm very glad we did. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and on point. I asked which her favorite Negroni was and she pointed me towards the #3 which was a great call. We both ordered salads, which are a bit overpriced ($7 for salads) but both the caesar and house were very good. I had the crispy calamari which did not disappoint and my boyfriend had the eggplant which was incredible (some of the best eggplant either of us have ever had). The only hangup I have is the food price point seems a bit high for the type of food but if it's on occasion and considering the good food quality, I recommend giving it a try.
Update: We went there with a group of friends for brunch on Sunday and although the service was fantastic, it took way too long for the food to come out (and it was definitely a kitchen issue not a server one). The bloody marys are pretty good and the meatball that come with them are delicious. We ordered meatball appetizers for the table and they were extremely good. The majority of us ordered burgers and they were fine but nothing memorable and actually sort of bland for the exception of the pepper placed on them. My friends also ordered the french toast and it was good but again nothing memorable. Might come back for the meatballs and a drink or some sweet potato fries but brunch was overall pretty lackluster and we'll probably go somewhere else at least for brunch.What a disappointment. Waiter forgot to put in our appetizer order (which he actually recommended) so we waited more than a half hour, hungry,  and then got only our entrees. I ordered white wine, got red. My son ordered fries, never got them. I ordered spaghetti with vegan meatballs. While the meatballs were great, the meal was lukewarm... given the wait, I bet the plate was sitting in the kitchen waiting to get picked up. We paid, left, will not be returning.Why aren't ALL restaurants doing what Triangle Tavern is doing? Just a few amazing vegan items on the menu is all you need to increase your clientele. Vegans love food, we love to go out to eat, & we love to promote places that treat us right. Clearly, Triangle Tavern gets that. 
Love the old South Philly vibe here. It's dark & loud & the staff is incredibly friendly. (Thank you, Lisa, for taking such good care of us last night!) And any place with a disco ball us alright with me. 
Let's start with the drinks. Can we talk about the Adult Water Ice? Yep. You heard me. Adult. Water. Ice. I had the cherry, Ed had the peach. Super tasty & super potent (says the lightweight with a 2-drink limit).
And the food! Like whoa. We started with the polenta fries (amazing) and the seitan wings (traditional wing sauce, IMO ranking in the top 3 vegan wings in the city). Ed had the vegan roast beef sandwich, he loved it. I had the spaghetti & (vegan) meatballs. The meatballs were so epic, I made Ed taste them & then double checked to make sure they were really vegan. 
I'm glad that Triangle Tavern is a mile away. The walk there & back totally earned me that binge (LJ logic). I suspect that it will now be part of our regular rotation. Go there. You won't regret it.
Edit: I've been here a few more times & the service is always perfect. Big shout out to Heidi (we LOVE you) & Nick for great service. Also, the vegan lasagna, you guys. Crazy good. It seems like I go here at least once a week. What an excellent life I lead!
Edit #2: Try the garlic bread. It changed my life.Ate here just last night.  The only reason I've given a 3-star rating instead of a 2-star is because of the great wait staff.  Great job!  Very friendly and they all seemed to help with each other's tables (water refills, clearing plates, etc).
As for the food, we were not impressed.  I knew nothing of the history of this place but was asked to join an enthusiastic South Philly couple when they heard the Tavern had reopened in their neighborhood.
One person got the vegan roast beef and the other got the regular roast beef sandwich.  They said the sandwiches were mediocre.  I was craving seafood so I ordered the mussels with red sauce.  The sauce was thin and bland; although full of minced garlic, it had no particular flavor.  The mussels were good but I got at least 2 that had an odd, unpleasant taste.
I would probably not eat here again unless it was someone else's decision.  Sorry!Triangle Tavern is a fantastic and versatile place to hang out, eat a delicious South Philly dinner, and have a couple drinks. Service is genuine and provides a real feel for getting to know the neighborhood. Vegan options galore, so plus on that! Located on Passyunk, it's a great spot for friends, family & chillin.Hit or miss with service but probably could say that about many places I frequent enough. Deserves a decent amount of stars for vegan options. The hibiscus adult water ice is delicious!I've only been here for drinks so I can't speak to the food, but overall this is a great low-key bar! nice for groups too; we had no trouble getting a table by the bar on a Friday night. prices are reasonable, service was pretty good. no frills, but just what you need in a corner bar.In a reclaimed dive bar serving top notch food, the hipster vibe is strong.  The menu is traditional Italian American classics with a Brooklyn-esque twist.  
I had their "Sunday Gravy", which I believe is their Sunday special.  For $21, it has rigatoni, sauce, a pork chop, meatball, sausage and pepperoni.  It was a monster of a meal that requires an empty stomach and determination to complete.  The sauce was robust and had a a very good balance of spice, garlic and parmesan.  It is literally a day's worth of food, and provides a day's worth of delicious burps afterwards.  Highly recommended.This was my first time here.  I loved the roomy bar and dining room.  This place is a must for vegans!  The vegan buffalo wings were on the happy hour special list (half off).  I prefer regular bbq sauce on my wings but this was traditional wing sauce.  The seitan is superb!  Beer battered stuffed mushrooms were on the special menu and they were vegan!  This was the best thing I ate.  I hope the owners put them on the regular menu because they were delicious!  We also ordered the broccoli rabe, spicy broccoli, spaghetti and vegan meatballs, and polenta fries.  I wouldn't get the rabe again but the spicy broccoli was great.  It's not spicy but very tasty.  I enjoyed the spaghetti and meatballs and would order it again.  I didn't care for the polenta fries but my husband loved them!  I ordered The Rosie and that was good.  My husband liked his on tap stout.  We want to try the vegan roast beef next time.  The staff were attentive and very nice.  We will be back.  Love the location!!!Excellent! Always a plus to find places that cater to vegans and vegetarians, too. This place does not disappoint. I will be back ASAP.One of my new favorites in the neighborhood. The linguini and mussels in white sauce is something I think about all the time and want to eat everyday.Triangle Tavern just opened and already is one of my favorite places. I have been 3 times and every time had to force myself to try new things. It's hard to order something different when you don't want to waste a visit because you loved what you had last time. Garlic bread is amazing, vegan meatballs are off the charts, and the polenta fries are a must have. The spicy broccoli is something I feel I have to order on the side no matter what. I'm vegan but dine with meat eaters and they themselves have loved all the vegan things they've tried. They also loved their meat/seafood based dishes. 
I also highly recommend the vegan wings, bruschetta, and antipasta plate. I can't wait to try the vegan lasagna...have heard it's insane. 
The servers and bartenders are great. I love the vibe. There are no pretentious attitudes and everyone makes you feel like you're right at home in a neighborhood spot. Good job Triangle! Another restaurant this crew has killed at again!The BEST veggie meatballs ever! The pasta and gravy with meatballs was fab! I'd say as close to how mama made it, except it was meatless! Good desserts too. Nice environment, not a noisy bar when we were there. Will definitely be back.After some recent neighborhood bar closures in Bella vista, we finally made it to triangle tavern and the atmosphere is just what we have been looking for. 
Sunday night for the Eagles- dimly lit, attentive bartenders and good background tunes. Will try food next time.Delicious! It's open late, which I really nice. We got a spaghetti and meatballs, a mussels and linguine, the bruschetta special, and a tiramisu. All was delicious and generous portions. I liked my spaghetti best, but my dad liked his linguineTriangle tavern will satisfy old school neighborhood bar fans with it's dark cosy South Philly vibe. I had a creamy pasta entree that was very satisfying, but not so huge that I hurt myself. I tried my friends spaghetti, which seemed spot on. My other friend had a sandwich platter that was enormous, and had a bit too much bread, but was otherwise satisfying. Their menu seems plain, but done well. The vibe is what sells me. Upon hearing that it was my sister's birthday, two Middle aged Italian patrons asked if they could sing to her, then did an expert operatic rendition of Happy Birthday to the loud applause of the restaurant. People said hello and goodbye to us as we walked in and out. Laughing loudly is part of the experience. Overall a really friendly South Philly establishment.Much like what LJ said -Every new restaurant should take a huge hint from triangle and put a few vegan items on the menu, notate everything clearly and serve food quickly and well! 
This place rocks! 
As an actual Italian person, it's very hard for me to go an Italian restaurant and not hate it! This place is different bc they don't try to be authentic - they just try to be good and they succeed at that! 
The winning items on the menu were the polenta fries, the seitan wings, the vegan meatballs (like seriously so good!) and the veggie antipasto. The losers were slim: my spaghetti was slightly over cooked and the cherry pie was foul like what I remember a hostess pie to taste like. The garlic bread was also ehh. 
Overall I cannot wait to come back and try the meatball sandwich and the adult water ice. 
Such a tremendous restaurant with a great menu and atmosphere! Great job triangle!Mussels were great. Just like the old days. Prices are a bit high. Service was a little slow.Just a quick update...they had a ham pie...which in actuality was a quiche that was unbelievably good...I mean world class good...should be a regular on the menu!!!!To start we ordered the buffalo seitan wings which were delicious. Then for our meals we got vegan meatball sandwich & eggplant parmigiana. My boyfriend loved his vegan meatball sandwich and the eggplant parm was truly the best I've ever had! Sauce was the perfect flavor, no need for any extra spices, salt or pepper. I also ordered the "italian" mixed drink and it was amazing!! Bartenders, servers, and runners were all extremely nice and attentive. Will definitely be back :)First night in Philly. Sent here by a staff member at our hotel. The pork roast sandwich with hot longs (Italian hot pepper) it was delicious. The other people in my party had pizzas. And they all said the crust was excellent. If I lived here I would be back quite a few times. 
Enjoyed.OK Triangle Tavern, I see you.
How do I begin to describe the love affair I had with your spaghetti and vegan meatballs? And those vegan wings? Best in the city! 
I have so much love for this place right now. Will be back.Great food and very inexpensive. The service was excellent as well. Spaghetti and Meatballs, mussels in red all top notch. Loved the homemade cheese cake as well.If you love meatball sandwiches, this is THE place. Good eats. Average drinks.The vegan roast beef sandwich is so, so good and so reasonably priced.  The table service is hit or miss, there is one server in particular I am not fond of so I always prefer sitting at the bar.  And the vegan wings are tasty, but I think just a buck or two too expensive for what you get, so four stars overall.The food was hit or miss. The red muscles really were not good. My Mom felt so bad saying anything but once my Dad tasted them, he made her stop eating them! I had the Vegan meatballs and they were very tastey! The calamari was such a small portion and was just crispy breading and no meat! They were terrible. My Dad loved his eggplant parmigiana and my sister was indifferent about her chicken parm sandwich. My boyfriend ordered a burger like he does in every restaurant we visit, he enjoyed it but was not overly impressed. I was surprised since he loves Royal Tavern! Also the sandwiches do not come with a side. You have to order fries, etc separately. 
The adult Italian water ice was sweet but yummy! Not sure how much alcohol was in there but it was a refreshing sweet drink! The service was friendly but slow. I hope after they have been open for a bit things will improve.Triangle Tavern, I'm loving all that you do! 
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out last friday. We went around 7pm, walked in to a smiling, genuinely nice and welcoming hostess and didn't wait at all for a table. Our table was comfortable and I was loving the vibe! Crowd was a nice mix; young professionals, neighborhood folks, babies, cute old ladies in their 70s wining and dining, EPA peeps, friends hanging out. The manager Ashley was nice enough to come by and ask how we were doing, I complemented the decor. She went on to tell me about all of the awesome historic ORIGINAL photos on the walls, these walls are an awesome south philly time capsule!!! 
Food:
I ordered the bruschetta of the day, which had some of the most delicious proscuitto i ever had on top. Perfectly cut and complemented with blue cheese, honey, and fresh fruit. The 'Spicy Broccoli' came highly recommended by a staff member who was nice enough to point out some of his personal favorites as we were seated. IT WAS AMAZING! and I'm pretty sure it was vegan too! 
My boyfriend loved his hearty portion  of chicken parmesan entree, i managed to finish anything he had left on his plate. 
Drink:
Triangle participated in philly beer week (woo!) so we dined during the Goose Island Tap Takeover. Sofie is one of my favorite beers so I jumped on it! We also tried a signature "Passyunker" cocktail, MMM! 
Service: My server was so nice, so patient ( i asked about...100 questions), and delightfully knowledgeable. Their cocktail list had about 6 different takes of a negroni and she was  happy to make suggestions and fill me in on all the special ingredients. Timing was great, we didn't wait long at all during this 'busy' dinner hour. 
I was really impressed with all of the front of the house staff. 
We were in a rush so i didn't get to try the alcoholic water ice everyone is raving about, but i can't wait to go back soon and try it !!!!I like the old school ambiance of the place and the food is pretty good, although my wife wasn't crazy about the linguini in clam sauce. 
I saw Chef David Ansill dining at Triangle the night I was there, so the place clearly serves good food.Love a bar that has lots of vegan options. Also they carry a killer watermelon beer. When they brought out the wrong food, the server immediately apologized and gave me another beer on the house, which was very nice and unexpected.Great Passyunk restaurant/bar! Service and atmosphere can't be beat. I recommend the Chicken Parmesan & Spaghetti! True Italian fare!Can we just talk about how great it is to have super late night vegan dining options???  I'm not even vegan, but I love that triangle tavern is open until 2am even on Sunday and the vegan/vegetarian menu items equal or surpass the meat eater options. 
This is pretty unusual and basically gets this place 5 stars from the get go. 
Otherwise, it's a bar. So consider this 5 stars for a kinda divey bar across the street from an Acme. It's not fancy, but I wouldn't let the dingy exterior and kitschy interior fool you. This place has a serious menu that is seasonal and with awesome daily specials. 
So come here, this Sunday maybe at midnight, order yourself a vegan crab cake sandwich and enjoy some late night chatter with the friendly bar staff.It's a great burger... Service... Eh ... But the name should change.., it's nothing like the original... NOTHING! Pennies from Heaven RIP ..Excellent food.  The polenta fries were amazing.  The mussels were fresh and tasty with a delicious sauce.  The meatballs were homemade! The roast pork sandwich tasted like it was hand carved.  All of the food was top notch and the prices were reasonable. The service was very good and the manager even stopped by to check to make sure everything was OK.  You should definitely check this place out.  Just remember though,  this is south Philly ~ walk or Uber ~ parking is always difficult to find.Went on Saturday night around five. Found service to be slow and had to wait for our check to long. I ordered the eggplant parm and spaghetti and the waiter asked if I wanted garlic bread which I said yes. I was charged five dollars for bread which I assumed was included with the meal. The entree came with bread which he didn't tell me. I have had dinner here before and had a pleasant experience.This is a cool divey/Italian restaurant in basically the heart of South Philly and I dug it here. The waitress was extremely nice and given us info on the menu, so customer service was good. They have a great list of beers from the basic cheap stuff to good craft selection. The food was really good here too! The polenta fries as a starter was a good way to begin the meal, and I loved the marinara sauce with it. My roast pork sandwich was decent, but I loved the sweet potato fries the most! I hope this place continues to be a staple of South Philly and I hope to return for a good meal!The BEST fried mozzarella I have ever had. Not mozzarella sticks, as they are shaped like triangles. Extra fried, salty, gooey with more cheese sprinkled on top. 
I tried the mushroom scrapple which was pretty good, but the seitan that came with it was the best part, sautéed with onions and peppers in a sweet and salty sauce. 
While it's a little too dark inside for a nice sunny day, I love the divey/grandpa basement feel and know I'll be back soon for some more of that mozz!!!How do you charge for bread ?? $3.00 for a cut up roll to go with my clams and linguine. I didn't ask for bread was placed on the table I though it came with the meal. Never have I had to pay for a cut up roll not even a good roll to go with my meal. I should have been informed that they charge for bread.  I was very very disappointed. I will never go back. There are plenty of restaurants to chose from in our neighborhood.My husband and I along with two friends walked down Passyunk to try the
"Triangle Tavern" last week and I must say its a great addition to the array of great food spots in the neighborhood.
The menu is an interesting combo- like royal tavern teamed up with villa Di Roma to make a menu that combines southern italian favorites with red gravy and pub food like burgers and wings. I had the steamed clams as an app and they were delicious. For my entree I had chicken Parmesan which was good but nothing special. Husband got the vegan lasagna and he's not even vegan but thought it was very good. 
Our server reminded me of Ray Liotta's wife in Goodfellas- they def are staying authentic in terms of the atmosphere they are trying to create. I will be back and next time I'm trying the wings!I was a regular patron of the old triangle tavern. This is not the old triangle. I ordered an eggplant parm sandwich. Though not listed on the menu, there was a arugula on it. Arugula? On an eggplant parmagian sandwich? I wanted some rigatoni or ziti or linguini with clams - nope many 3 or 4 things that resembled something from the old menu. 
If you want vegan wings and some hardcore IPA's this is the place for you. If your looking for the old triangle it's gone.Meh. Wasn't bad but wasn't great. 
Ambiance: super dark to the point where I thought it was closed, and when we went back outside we were blinded, but hey I guess it's mostly a bar right?
Food: simple Italian (seemed weird for the place, I didn't expect it) menu, chicken parm, pastas, salads, sandwiches. Random brunch specials were breakfast related. Tons of vegan and veg options if you're looking for that. Boyfriend reported the pork roll sandwich was good. I got the burger medium and it was prettyyyyy rare and I was kinda turned off. My savior were the sweet potato fries which were excellent. 
Drinks: good variety all around, solid beer list and yummy cocktails with Italian connotations and aperitifs.
Service: waitress was attentive and food and drinks came quickly, no complaints.
Overall nothing major happening here, it's ok.They have something for everyone! This is our go-to spot for drinks and a great selection or food for meat-eaters and non-meat/cheese eaters alike. In particular I'm a fan of the vegan spaghetti and meatballs. For a cool summer treat, try the adult water ice as well.I wanted to like this place more, but the shortcomings weren't made up for in other areas.  I can't expect I'll return any time soon, though I'm not fully dismissing it either.
PROS:
-Ambience is super 70s, divey, low-key and unpretentious
-Adult water ice was a delightful surprise and would be great on a hot summers day (the raspberry was super tart and refreshing)
-The buffalo wings were pretty damn tasty and crispy
-The lasagna and spaghetti and meatball entrées were delicious: the sauce was sooo good and felt homemade with love.  The meatballs were very juicy, seasoned well and the whole dish was very filling and stick to your ribs.
-Server was friendly
-The "Yuengs and wings" feature is a good deal 
-Wine on tap!
CONS:
-Fried calamari left little to be desired: heavy breading like a mozzarella stick and what tasted like canned marinara
-The bread for the table, while warm, was an extra fee which I think is kind of ridiculous for a place with paper placemat menus and old school Italian food.
-The salad dressing substitute caused some confusion and we ended up only getting lemon with no oil. Our server, while friendly, disappeared for a lot of our meal even though it was practically empty, so we didn't get to request oil. We ended up using the blue cheese from the wings as a dressing (might I add, they gave a table of four the tiniest cup of blue cheese known to man).
-The "sunday gravy" entree was...mehhh. The sauce was very tasty, as was the rigatoni, but the "bone-in pork chop" was putrid, it tasted and looked like a freezer-burned piece of gray meat and had either a weird seasoning in it or was going bad. Three out of four at the table agreed something was off there.
Overall, some dishes were good and others fell short and unfortunately, with the A La Carte prices, I'm not entirely sure it's worth it.  If I came back, it would be for drinks only.Triangle Tavern is a place I drive and walk by all the time but never went in until now. The menu has so many options for vegetarians and vegans. I got the meatball parm sandwich and my wife got the vegan meatball sandwich and she loved it. The service was very fast and the server we had was pretty funny as well. Glad I stopped in.I can't comprehend how anyone could give this place 4-5 stars.  Went with three friends for a girls night and food was just edible.  Service was okay but after two bites of our meals we all said "Write this place off".Great atmosphere, love coming here post Eagles game for the Meatballs! Nice selection of food and a great craft brew selection.Good food and a nice rehab of a local icon!  Why is the name the same when the place is new?  Service could have used some appropriate undergarments - oh well.  We'll come back again and hope they wear bras next time.  Not very professional,Cool spot! Much larger than it looks and the food is really good. I'm rating it a 4 star because it's one of the only places like it in the city. They have lots of vegetarian and vegan friendly options and has a local pub vibe.The only reason they got three stars from me is because there staff was awesome. I obviously ordered the wrong thing. Every one I was with ordered roast beef sandwiches and liked them. I got a bolognese sauce on some pasta. ( it's a Italian place) it was terrible. Sweet and bland. It tasted like it he burned in the pot. Never againAwesome vegan meatballs, wife had a meatball sandwich and I had spaghetti and meatballs very good.A hidden gem in South Philly! Amazing vegan selection with the best seitan buffalo wings I have tried in the city! Great and attentive service and super relaxed atmosphere for a quiet dinner out but also a large bar if you are more into that scene. Make sure to check it out soon!Good service, but the food is nothing special. The "spicy" linguine with clams wasn't spicy at all, and only came with 5 clams total. It was definitely a rip off at $18. We also ordered one of the dinner specials and it was just lukewarm, not hot, after we had waited longer than average for our food. Again, our server was friendly and attentive. Just wish the food matched the service. It was a total "meh" experience.This is a great place for parties with meat eaters and vegans (clearly marked menu).
I had the vegan wings and vegan lettuce wraps and thought they were two of the best seitan dishes I've had in the city.  I also had the vegan meatball sub but I wasn't as into it.
Service was great, too.  Definitely will go back again soon.$12 for 8 buffalo wings. That alone tells you that you should venture to any of the other bars in the vicinity...It is loud. Much louder than it needs to be. So be prepared to leave with a headache.
And the food needs some serious work. A hipster take on what was a basic menu misses the point of basic food. Don't serve a sandwich on crappy bread. The rolls for the roast beef and roast pork were t-e-r-r-i-b-l-e. When you're serving simple food  each ingredient needs to be excellent. It's South Philly for God's sake, we know you can find a better bakery for your rolls.
Wait staff was charmingDinner with my partner and two friends at Triangle was an incredibly pleasant (and delicious!) experience! Atmosphere was perfect - a bar in front, dining room in back, dark & kind of "old school Italian" interior. Our waiter was awesome - attentive but not overly so, and helpful with making suggestions. The food is the real highlight, though - Italian American done well! We had one vegetarian among us and started with two orders of the fried mozz (they had been to Triangle before and insisted that this was good enough we'd want two orders - they were right!). Salty, melty, yummy goodness! I'd go back for these alone (and maybe make a meal of it with a few other appetizers - we didn't get to try the wings or polenta fries). My chicken parm was good, my partner had the gnocchi special, which was awesome! And we got to try the sunday gravy that my friend ordered - HUGE portion! And the sauce was really tasty, had a nice kick to it. Prices were on point, and with a couple bottles of wine it was a great meal. 4 stars because... well, nothing was wrong, it was just really well done Italian American food... nothing mind-blowing, either. But we will definitely return when we next crave Italian!Love this place. They have so many great vegan options. I'm obsessed with the vegan meatballs!!!! SO GOOD! I only knocked off a star because a few times things weren't so great. I got some pretty gross burnt sweet potato fries once and also some not so good vegan wings another time. But overall this is a great bar with fantastic food. I would recommend to any vegetarian, vegan, or carnivore.I went here with my boyfriend after a really stressful week, and the atmosphere was exactly what I wanted, and not at all like I expected. It's definitely not super fancy or trendy, kind of like a south Philly thrift store exploded on the walls. It was homey and comfortable, something that can be kind of lost in a lot of the really overwrought hipster places on Passyunk.
     As for the food, the menu is somewhat standard Italian American, though tastier than other places in the area. The specials are what really stood out, especially the pulled pork, mandarin orange, and arugula bruschetta. My boyfriend got the chicken parm sandwich with extra sharp provolone, which was HUGE and OUTSTANDING. Overall, the tiramisu was probably my favorite, giant and covered in buttercream. Our server was Nik, who hooked us up with extra spicy mussels and kept the drinks coming.