Should I ever be in any neighborhood within the center city limits there will be a tria option for me always.
The staples still in tact with my favorite wine bar serving up medium size plates including house made pasta.
The wine list here is always legit and offers something for everyone :)
Order the black pepper pasta with mushrooms ...it was amazingThe food was definitely good and in line with Tria's other restaurants. We ordered the beet salad, the mushroom bruschetta and the lavender and honey bruschetta to share at first. These were the perfect size for sharing between two people and very well priced. Their wine selection was great (as one would expect), but I was a little disappointed with the prices. I think that there is some room for improvement as I know I wasn't drinking a glass of wine worth the $14 that I paid for it. Then we ordered entrees; I got the cavatelli dish and it was great. The sauce was cheese-based but not too heavy or rich and the asparagus was a nice addition to "lighten" it up. My friend got the chicken dish and she enjoyed it also. For dessert my friend got the chocolate torte, which was decadent and delicious. I ordered the lemon cheesecake and I was not too pleased with it. I was a decent serving, but I thought something was off about it. 
The atmosphere was intimate, but open at the same time. I love that the windows on the side of the restaurant facing Fitler Square open up and you can feel the summer breeze at night. We sat at a table back by the kitchen and at first I was worried it would be too noisy back there, but I was pleasantly surprised otherwise. 
I would recommend this place for a good date night location or a catching up with a good friend. It's on the smaller size in terms of seating so I would not recommend this for a large group.Am I the only one who misses their old menu? I'm a big fan of all the Tria locations, but liked that this one offered more substantial dinner options vs. being limited to smaller plates and snacks found at the other Tria Cafe locations. If it was an option to, I'd prob knock it down a 1/2 star for that.
I've been here a few times since the change in menus and the Italian meats, smoked duck salad, and grilled asparagus, artichoke, and white bean salad have become my new go-tos.Ok, so my food was incredible. My husband and I split the pork appetizer (delicious, perfect temperature, SO flavorful!). I had the atlantic cod for my dinner and we split the chocolate "kit kat" inspired desert (holy cow that was amazing!). My husband had the arctic char which had beets and it was small, and not very flavorful. Everything that I ate was wonderful, however he was not happy with his meal or the portions. It was expensive, and when we left he wanted to hit up a pizza place...Great wine (not a shocker), amazing food, good prices. ..service was so so at the bar..noticed no one smiles at anyone except the people who work together and barely.  Creates a cool environment, in what could be a warm welcoming atmosphere. Staff just seems to be unhappy or aloof and too cool to the customers: can't decide. Maybe I will try another location to get a better overall experience.Yelp did not fail! I fell in love with this place via the menu before I event stepped foot in the door. And of course, when I did walk through the door, I fell more in love. Such a cute, nestled spot with fabulous windows to let the natural light in. We were there around 6pm so we were able to enjoy the sunset and bright light from Fitler Square across the street. Perfect setting for a mid-week, laid back, delicious dinner. 
The staff was excellent. Never an empty cup or dirty dish and they answered any questions we had and even joked around with us. It was a very lighthearted staff and overall experience. 
I went in planning on enjoying their gorgeous wine menu but then got distracted when I noticed they carried a PA cider. I went in on the refreshing, light and invigorating, Frecon Farms Early Man Cider from Boyertown. I may have had 4 over the course of dinner. Yes, it was that good. 
The table shared: 
- Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey Bruschetta (DO NOT MISS THIS) 
- Fresh Broccolini with Pesto Bruschetta
- Roasted Beets with Feta - that feta, omg. 
For main dishes on the table were:
- Black Pepper Tagliatelle with Kennett Square Mushrooms, Parmigiano-Reggiano and Porcini Sugo - I could not eat this fast enough. The fresh pasta was perfect. 
- Shellfish Risotto of Scallops, Shrimp, Clams, Cauliflower and Scampi Butter - YO! Order envy, so light but robust in flavor. 
- Braised Beef Short Rib with Potato Gnocchi, Burrata Cheese and Onion Agrodolce - Melted in your mouth! WOW! Just yes. 
Ended splitting their Flourless Chocolate Torta with Blackberries, Espresso Custard, Coffee Crumb - It was the perfect ending. It was smooth and no light. 
Writing this review is making me drool and wonder when I can return ASAP! If you are in town, head here now! I will be back soon.The food and environment is great, the wine selection is pretty neat. However we got over billed and mentioned it to the waiter. She came back with the corrected bill and still managed to overcharged our credit cards.
Wondering if that's just being careless or taking advantage of the customer? 
Anyways don't go there if you don't want to deal with credit card and billing issues.We live in the neighborhood and eat at Tria about every other week. Always extraordinary service, interesting but not too interesting food, and great beer choices.  Can't resist mentioning though, that once, being a flake, I left my pocketbook under the table.  Our waiter, Keenan, ran at top speed for two blocks to catch us and return the pocketbook.  Wouldn't take a tip.  He was a great waiter but this was amazing.We always love to wander around the Philly neighborhoods  - hoping to find a new go-to bar or restaurant. Tria Fitler Square has been on our radar for a while, so we put it on our Sunday bar crawl agenda - and we loved it!
Great service, ambiance, tap list, cheese and overall value! We struck up a great conversation with the staff - at least three of them - and enjoyed the last stop for the Sunday part of our getaway.
Go here! You won't be disappointed with its neighborhood upscale touch.I come here way too often, but the reasons are justified! Tria offers a vast collection of wines, and their servers can give you a great recommendations if you know the style of wine you want to try. They also have seasonal cocktails that are fabulous (and usually pretty strong)! And to top it all off, their lavender honey bruschetta is literally to die for. I have tried all of their bruschetta and many of their entrees, but out of everything, the lavender honey is absolutely decadent and delicious! I always get multiple orders of that plus a few glasses of wine. They also have various cheese plate options!It is a little dark. Found it a little loud to be able to talk. The fennel roasted almonds were excellent and I don't love almonds. I ordered the braised beef short rib. It was salty and could have used more beef. My wife ordered the roasted chicken. She loved it. Not good enough for me to go back to next time I am in Philly.Really like the outside seating looking at the park. Cheese plate selection is full of local flavors and the restaurant is nice. Great place to hang out on a summer night.My boyfriend and I have been coming here religiously on a weekly basis since we moved to the neighborhood last August. We were extremely disappointed to say the least when we went the other night for dinner and found out that they changed the menu!! No more succulent risotto, delicious short ribs, or tasty chicken!! Why Tria!!? Why!? We are so sad and we will have to find a new neighborhood spot to fill the void!
When we asked the wait staff why they changed the menu it was explained that they decided to follow the other Tria location menus. This makes no sense! If I wanted that menu then I would go to the rittenhouse location for happy hour after work. The fitler location menu was a perfect fit for the neighborhood crowd looking for a nice dinner!!
Sincerely,
The Saddest Tria CustomerDelicious dinner. The mushroom bruschetta was awesome. We also got the chicken and short rib entrees. They are definitely on the smaller side so I would recommend getting an appetizer as well. The flourless chocolate torte was good too! Not as expected, it was more like fudge but was a delightful conclusion to our dinner.Ambience: very calm and mild natured. Has a bar but not the noisy atmosphere. Almost rustic with a modern twist.
Food Presentation--was beautiful but food wasn't explained as it came out! Huge pet-peeve of mine. Especially if food calls for an explanation when there's several ingredients that you can't remember any, because the menu was taken after you placed the order. Everything looked pretty and interesting on the plate though!
Taste:  I had the "Marinated Calamari with Green Beans, Red Onion, Almonds, Capers and Calabrian Chili Oil" was pretty good--small serving but it was worth it. Then I had "Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey"--this was really good considering the fact that I'm not a huge fan of pistachios. I wanted to order another serving. I proceeded with "Braised Beef Short Rib with Potato Gnocchi, Burrata Cheese and Onion Agrodolce"--I was not thrilled about this at all! I could have done without all the leaves (excuse my ignorance, but I don't know what these leaves were called since the server didn't explain) on top of the dish. Didn't care for the taste and the leaves were dried out which made me have to pick around for the stuff I wanted to eat.
Best part I enjoyed was the cheese sampling--Shellbark Sharp II (Chester County, PA · Goat-P) was my favorite amongst the others we tried. Again I don't know what they were paired with because the server didn't explain.
Server: was not pleased with the service at all. None of the food was explained. When I ordered my cheese samples--they were paired with jams, spices, and sauce. I order 3-4 different cheeses and found myself using Google to determine which was which. Then when I asked the server for more of the side pairings and hinted at the fact that I didn't know what they were, she came over and said "oh, you had that and that, I be right back with it". Ugh! That just ruined the experience for me!
Revisit: if I do it would be only for that shellbark cheese!I honestly can't rave about this place enough. Not only is it a mere 7 minute walk from my apartment, but the food is delicious, affordable (but still makes me feel fancy and expensive) and the service is impeccable and all the servers really know their wines and cheeses! 
I went with a sweet Riesling white wine which paired well with my meal (thank you to my waiter for helping the wine-illiterate). 
The standout for me is the pistachio herbed ricotta bruschetta with lavender honey (SERIOUSLY get this if you order nothing else). But of course, everything else was delicious too and perfectly proportioned. 
Bottom line, I've been here 3 times in the last few months but I'm still gonna make all of my tinder dates take me here from now on.I love Tria. From the food to the drinks to the people. Just a great place to go sit down and have a couple of drinks and good conversation. Go on Saturdays from 11-3p for their wine specials...Wow! We ate here last night with another couple and had a great time, and the food was awesome! To start, we got the white bean spread (nice upgrade from hummus), fig and gorgonzola salad (my favorite! The flavors complemented really well), and goat cheese pesto bread (creamy and awesome flavor). For mains, we each got the short rib gnocchi with burrata. That was also outstanding. Everything was flavorful, well portioned, and not too salty (my usual complaint). We also shared the large pumpkin wheat beer which was very good. Our server was friendly despite it being packed, and didn't rush us when we couldn't decide what we wanted. Also, when we came in it was busy, but they were helpful finding a place at the bar where we could sit, then eventually a table. Overall very accommodating service, outstanding food, and a cute location on Fitler Square!Took the dogs to the nearby dog park then ended up here.  They had outdoor seating and seemed every table had a dog.  I got the Benedict breakfast sandwich with smoked salmon that had a nice little kick to it with the aoli and really fresh crunchy bread.  My wife had the cinnamon French toast that was pretty good but a little too sweet.  Topped it off with some nice cold ones with their awesome beer list (been to the other location numerous times for Sunday school, a must with good deals on drinks).We only had one morning in Philly before heading back to the Big Apple, so Mike and I did some research to locate a popular brunch spot to scout out. Our finding - Tria Fitler Square - was just what the doctor ordered!
To start, I ordered the Freshly-Squeezed Orange juice and Mike got the Passionberry Iced Tea. Sadly, the Orange Juice was NOT freshly squeezed as advertised - it was most definitely from concentrate, so for $4 price tag, I'd skip this. That said, the Passionberry Iced Tea was light and refreshing - I recommend it.
For appetizers we decided on the Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries crostini followed by the Truffled Egg Toast with Fontina Fontal. The Brie crostini was incredibly underwhelming (just look at our photo) - it was literally cheese slices with dried cherries on top, and no sauce or anything to bring it together. An absolute miss - do not order this. The Truffled Egg Toast fared better with a beautifully runny egg and a lovely presentation. Ultimately, I felt like something was missing from this dish and it could also have used another element to really elevate it. However I did appreciate that they salted the salad to further bring out its peppery qualities.
The real star of the meal came with the main courses. I selected the Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes and Mike ordered the Italian Baked Eggs with Braised Short Ribs. The pancakes were delicious and topped with a flavorful honey crema that brought the whole plate together. I loved how there were blueberries in the batter and atop the pancakes, and the banana added further creaminess to the plate. The Baked Eggs was very much like a non-spicy chili - super warm and comforting, and would be a fantastic breakfast in the dead of winter. While it was a bit heavy for the end of summer, we still appreciated it's hearty qualities.
I must mention that we ordered a side of the Grilled Sausage and I can confidently say that this was one of the best sausages I have ever had. It is a must order, even if you are not a huge sausage fan (which I am not!) There was a lot of depth of flavor and it was cooked to perfection. Highly recommended.
Service was not the worst I've had, but it's not great. I had to ask for a glass of water 3 times before I got one (which ended up arriving only a few minutes before I got my meal) and we had to ask for the check a few times as well.
Overall, this is a solid brunch option in Philly, and not terribly expensive! I'd also be open to exploring other options next time I'm in town, but in the meantime, I'll have mostly positive experiences from my one and only brunch in this town.Awesome food and romantic date or girls night spot!!! We adore the salmon salad and love to pop in Sunday nights for their "Sunday School" specials. When you're done, walk through Fitler Square to the Schyukill River Trail - gorgeous!!There are restaurants. And there are restaurants with a dining experience. Tria Fitler Square provides this dining experience. Also for Philadelphians familiar with the Tria brand, this is by far my favorite location.
Tria Fitler Square, as its website duly notes is located directly on Fitler Square. This beautiful, small park is a quiet reprieve from the hustle and bustle of other areas of Philadelphia. Indoor and outdoor seating is available, allowing you to enjoy a more peaceful dining experience. Once finished, you can stroll or sit in the park or explore the Fitler Square neighborhood. Perfect for date night or for families. 
As with all Trias, the quality and style of food is what sets this restaurant group apart. I like to call it "New American tapas." Select from a variety of snacks, bruschettas, soups/salads, medium plates, and cheeses. Whether you choose to try a couple of snacks or make a meal out of a medium plate (which is the size of some dinner entrees at other restaurants), you will be surprised and delighted by the quality of the food for its relatively modest price. An equally impressive array of wine and beer is also available. Pairings are recommended by a courteous and attentive wait staff expertly. And if you wish, Tria Fitler Square also offers a brunch menu on the weekends.
I have been here with friends many times since its opening, including a Yelp Elite who has also written an equally glowing review below. This restaurant is recommended to those familiar with the Tria brand as well as anyone looking for a new dining experience in the Center City area.Beautiful place with large wooden tables, friendly service, and delicious food! Came for brunch with a group and got the salad with figs, pine nuts, Gorgonzola dolce, and balsamic vinaigrette. It was delicious!! Fruits, protein, and veggies with perfect dressing.Tria wins again! This new addition to the Tria group has hit the mark on ambiance, food and service. I am sorry to see Dimitri's is gone, emoticon with tear drop face, however this new gig is awesome. Ariel made our first visit great with fantastic service! The light fare is fantastic; some of the same classics from other Trias, always get the Warm Tuscan white bean with paprika toast, not to be missed! And the Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma is one of my favorites.
The decor is modern, yet warm and cozy. Overlooking Fitler Square, it is a true oasis in the concrete jungle of center city Philadelphia. You can also dine and sip wine outside at the cafe tables while enjoying the bucolic setting of the park.
Please come and enjoy. I'll see you there!I love having a the option to go to Tria in Fitler Square since I live in Grad Hospital and there aren't a ton of food options in the neighborhood. I used to frequently visit the other locations in Center City and Wash Square West and was pleasantly surprised to find one near me when I moved. 
Tria is the perfect location for small plates, excellent charcuterie and delicious wine AND beer. The beer selection is robust and they always have a few sours on the menu, which are my faves and hard to find in the city. I also love the explanations under each wine. They put it in fun, easy to understand terms that don't sound like you're at a snooty winery. They also started offering HH at the Fitler Square location from Mon - Thurs (still can't figure out why they don't have it on Friday) but it's a great addition nonetheless. 
Favorite things on the menu - I get the duck salad EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. The pistachios, cherries and dressing are a perfect bite with the tender pieces of duck. I also really love the truffled egg toast, chicken liver mousse (a must have!!), the pistachio herbed ricotta w/ lavender honey bruschetta and I never leave without getting the bread pudding - it's not too sweet but so moist and the homemade whipped cream is delicious. 
The inside is a little bit dark, but it's cozy and warm in the winter months. Otherwise I am patiently waiting for the outside seating to open up in the spring so that I can bring my pup and sit outside. The also always have water bowls ready to go if you bring your dog.Very intimate place with great outdoor seating overlooking Fitler Square!  I love the wine selection, and the truffle egg toast is amazing!Omg I completely forgot that i went here! Probably because it was forgettable. The only reason I'm reviewing it is because I'm back in Philly eating at an amazing restaurant and now I'm like "ok so there are good places to eat here" because if you have Tria once you never need to again. 
The wine selection is pompous, the service buries the word mediocre into the ground and nails the coffin shut, and as for the food it was okay (hence the two stars) but frankly, I could go to Panera for less. 
Nail painting emoji. All. Damn. Day. Go somewhere else with your time. Why treat dinner like it's Wednesday afternoon?I've been here for both dinner and Sunday brunch and LOVE it! This is the place to go if you like wine and cheese, because they are fabulous. They are on the pricier side though.The food is great too, and fair priced. Hint: they have "Sunday school" at brunch and offer some great deals!!I went for brunch and the food was really good! I ordered white bean braised beef entree with a side of hash. The hash was absolutely amazing! My entree was good as well. Prices are very reasonable and service was great!Waited here on a Sunday at 5PM for thirty minutes for a cheese platter. When asked where our food was the waitress was unapologetic and it took her five minutes to check on the food. The order was most likely not placed because three people had issues finding the ticket. Very disappointing will not be returning.Extensive wine list, great food and friendly service.  This is what the latest addition to Tria's awesome line up has to offer.  The setting is fantastic; it's a beautiful location with a long, extended bar and large windows to provide an open air feeling.
The quality of the food is top notch, as expected.  The bean dip is always fresh.  The cheese offerings are fantastic and paired perfectly with the accompaniments offered.
What's really impressive about Tria is the level of knowledge servers bring to your table.  The recommendations are always followed by an extensive (but not didactic) review.
Simple is the toughest attribute to accomplish with food (and drink).  But Tria manages to do "simple" effortlessly.  So, sign up for the email list and enjoy the weekly events offered.  They have exposed me to many things I would not have otherwise tried, only because their usual offerings are so fantastic.Loved the decor, especially the beautiful farm tables, food was delicious but not earth shattering or revolutionary dishes. mainly a bar scene and less a restaurant feel. Love that you look over filter park during the meal.A friend took me here when I was visiting Philadelphia and I loved it! They have a great wine selection and their food is amazing. You can get a variety of different-sized dishes, from small appetizers to medium plates to large entree-sized plates. It feels like a tapas type of restaurant. I opted for a soup (butternut squash soup) and the Black Pepper Tagliatelle (pasta dish). Both were soooo good. The pasta dish wasn't a huge portion, but it was more than filling because it was very heavy in flavor. Overall, our service was great, I loved the food, and would definitely come back here again.For those living in or visiting Fitler Square and are in need of a place to go with romantic ambiance, a great glass of wine and light snacks, Tria is the place to go, but skip the dinner.  Before my visit on Tuesday I had only been to this location once but have frequented every other Tria in Center City / the Gayborhood.  Since I live just a few blocks away and needed a location within walking distance, so I suggested this Tria location as my parents were in town from the burbs.  We wanted a restaurant offered fresh, delicious fare and wine appropriate for more refined taste buds and we thought Tria would be the best spot. 
We each started off with a glass of wine and ordered three snacks: truffled toast with an over easy egg on top, the calamari salad and the truffled mushroom bruschetta.  The truffled egg toast is a tria staple and delicious as I always remembered and the calamari salad portion was small and very light. The mushroom bruschetta was mouth watering as well and had the perfect balance of savory and salty.  Our appetizers came quickly, but our meals took forever to come out- atleast another 25-30 minutes after our apps.  For the amount of people who were in the restaurant on a Tuesday night the service was definitely slow, but maybe they were short staffed in the kitchen, who knows.    
For dinner I ordered the roasted chicken which was so juicy, tender and the perfect amount of polenta, roasted veggies and chicken with pesto on top.  My step dad ordered the Octopus which he ate in about 5 minutes- either he was really hungry or that was the best Octopus he's ever had. My mother ordered the gnocchi which looked AMAZING but came out cold, so she sent it back to have it warmed up. She waited at least 10 minutes for it to come back STILL luke warm at best. When she spoke to the hostess who was nearby (since our waiter was MIA) the woman said "well that's how it's supposed to be since the burrata is cold".  What restaurant serves pasta anything but hot?! Really?! Needless to say we won't be rushing back to this Tria for dinner, but maybe their brunch game is a better option.Delicious appetizers and medium plates. the beef short ribs was so good that we ordered it twice. Trout was also spectacular. Compared to the other Trias, this is one to go for food.Like all of the other Tria establishments in the city, this one certainly does not disappoint. 
If you're familiar with the other Tria's, you'll notice that there are some new additions to the Fitler Square menu. I like that Tria gives each of its cafe's a distinct variety.
The ambiance of the Fitler Square location is nice and it definitely has the best outdoor seating of all of the locations. While there is ample seating inside, it didn't strike me as being as cozy as the other locations, which is something I've always enjoyed about Tria. Nevertheless, having a Tria in Graduate Hospital is HUGE and I look forward to spending a sizable portion of my hard-earned money here in the future!Definitely a small plates place so don't come here starving unless you got the cash flow. We were really impressed with the service and I don't think I've ever actually been "impressed" by wait staff, they were quick, efficient, knowledgable about the menu, clean, polite, all the things you would expect but they did it better, they didn't skip a beat. It was just a really pleasant experience and a great place for a date. Egg toast is amazing. Also had the trout which was excellent and cooked to perfection, my boyfriend got the short rib which was also mouth melting. The pear and almond cake was on point and I wish I could bring it home for thanksgiving... Long wine and beer list. Just perfect.Like always, service was excellent. Last night was my first time at the new location, and we were eager to try their "medium plates," as we have always been really happy with their food in the other locations. The short rib and gnocchi "medium plate" would be more appropriately dubbed "teensy tiny plate." The gnocchi lacked any flavor and were just mushy. Short rib was great but it was laughable at how small the portion was; maybe 2 oz. At $16, it was the first disappointing menu item I can remember having at Tria. We left hungry and will be sticking to apps and snacks in the future.I live in the neighborhood and felt compelled to try them again...and was happy that I did. Wine was still amazing, food choices were great. I love the beef gnocchi and flatbread! The Service was better than my first experience. I also have tried two other Tria locations and like the service and quality of food. I enjoy the nice environments of all locations.Tria, now a trendsetter in gentrification, has expanded into South Philly. Tria is my favorite restaurant in Philly and now there are 4 of them! 
This one does not disappoint. Amazing food, wine, service, and outdoor seating. And as usual, attractive cloned staff who all wear thrifted flannel shirts, perfectly groomed beards, lululemon leggings, and Anthropologie shirts. 
Look out for Tria Point Breeze, circa 2016! Followed by Tria Greys Ferry, circa 2017!Awesome!! Ordered the Malbec and the Gouda cheese; couldn't be a happier! Definitely recommend for any occasion and outside seating is great for summer!Bar none, for a great variety of simple gastropub food, outstanding wines/beers - in clean Nordic environments, pleasant staff and affordable prices - is there any wonder Tria has grown to 4 popular neighborhood spots, all with their somewhat unique environments? I'm won over by this newest location, looking out on Fitler Square, simply because it's roomier than it Rittenhouse counterpart. The Sunday School wine, beer and cheese samplings offer fun innovation at sinfully low prices.While I'm seriously disappointed that they've discontinued their dinner menu (it was my go to place when I was too tired to cook after work), I'm thankful they've maintained their brunch menu and hope it doesn't disappear as well. Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a pancake person; however, their ricotta pancakes are the reason I come here for brunch after craving them all week. Simply put: They are perfection! Please do not ever get rid of them!!!
What else do I love about Tria Fitler Square? Well, the location helps! I love the Washington Square West location. It's convenient for me. I love the atmosphere. And I love the staff. But, and this is a huge factor in my preference for the Fitler Square location, I love the view of the park, regardless of season. Both are intimate and great date spots; they're also great spots if you're flying solo or out with friends. However, I've always found Fitler Square to be a magical place, which is why I prefer this location. 
Since their menus are pretty much identical these days, I can strongly recommend the Claudio's mozzarella sandwiches and the ricotta bruschetta with lavendar honey at either location. For whatever reason, the turkey sandwich I had at WSW was better than the one I had at Fitler Square; though I have to say I was surprised to find it was lunch meat as opposed to "real" turkey. They missed the mark on that one. Their chocolate cake is generally delectable, but the last slice I had tasted more like the freezer it must have been stored in than fresh cake. 
I'm not a beer drinker, but I do love wine. And I love when a restaurant provides a description of the wine to help me decide which one likely fits my taste. So, despite my few complaints, I really do love Tria, regardless of location. It continues to be one of my regular Philly places to wine and dine. And to the staff at all locations: Thank you for always providing such stellar service! You are all truly wonderful!!!Tria restaurants are our favorite in the city! We are very happy to see them doing so well and opening locations all around us. The Fitler Square location delivers on the same promise as the other locations - yummy small and medium plates in a casual location that you can go to anytime. We sat outside in one of the table overlooking the park. There's not a lot of foot traffic in this part of town so this is quite a nice setting on a breezy night. Can't wait to go back.Beer and wine selection is outstanding.  Dinner was pedestrian. Ordered calamari, chips, white bean spread for the table. All were just ok. Dinner was a turkey blt that was good.
Biggest reason for the low marks is the Service. Arrogant and overtly rude. A hipster team that feels the world owes them. I would only go back to sit at the bar for a drink and have limited interactions with the service.Tria resturants are kinda an all-over philly thing. There are multiple tapa style  resturants throughout the city. This location, however, is the only only I know that serves dinner plates. So is this deviation from their resturant model a mistake or a raving success? Last night, I have to say the latter.
We started with a ricotta pistachio sweet spread over bruchetta with lavender honey. Omg. It just tasted as good as it sounds, maybe better! It comes with 2 pieces (see pics). The thing that makes this app so special is that you can distinctly taste all the ingredients individually. Yet, not one of them overpowers the other. I guess that is why they use the lavender honey sparingly, haha. I love lavender honey!
The 2 main dishes we got was 1. Short ribs over this polenta asparagus base, 2. Gnocci with savory sausage. 
The short ribs is just a hunk of meat that melts in your mouth. Gnocci was great as well. Neither dish was to salty. Yum!
Summary: all dishes were excellent, hence the 5 stars!
Oh, we also got a glass of a rose blend. Pretty good too. Unfortunately, im not too well versed in wine so I cant comment further =(
Try out dinner plates at this location!We popped in looking for a bite on a beautiful summer  night. We ordered a decent lamb terrine ( I  wasn't crazy about it) and the a bruschetta with goat cheese. Hubs had the chicken (tender and herbaceous). I had the sort ribs with gnocchi (rich and filling). We shared the Meyer lemon cheesecake which was really good.  The only complaint we had was temperature.  The AC was pumping straight from the Arctic Circle onto out shoulders. Other than that, it was great.My favorite wine bar in the city. The bartenders and servers are all very knowledgeable when it comes to wine. They have pretty extensive beer and wine lists and can speak to what will compliment your food well. I typically get the smoked chicken salad and bruschetta for my meal (I would HIGHLY suggest the ricotta, honey and pistachio bruschetta. It's incredible). My girlfriends and I come here again and again and will continue to :)Only had drinks. Bar is super cute. Love the vibe/decor -- very light and open. They offer wine, cheese and beer classes too which is fabulous. Staff is knowledgeable and nice. I'd go back.What I love about this place. First employees are the greatest, Tom, Ariel, Ava,Josh Justin could not ask for more professionalism anywhere in the city. Second I love employees who have an intimate knowledge of the menu whether it is beer, wine, cheese or other foods. Tria's training shines through. Then the atmosphere-perfect for a casual or not so casual conversation, background music is played at the perfect level. They always remember I drink nothing other than IPAs and look to accomodate me.What a world, what a place, what a restaurant!Delicious wine and great food. I like the idea of medium plates with food. I love the truffled egg and cheese toast and the pastas. So glad we have a Tria around grad hospital. My only ask is cured meats - Why should we not have any prosciutto?So happy trial opened a location in filter square!! Casual atmosphere with fancy food. This location also has more pastas/bigger dishes that make you feel fuller. We sat outside at a table looking over filter square with our pup. The staff was really friendly, offering our furbaby a water bowl and pats on the head. Food is delish. Def get the octopus- texture is perfect and the splash is citrus is an amazing touch. The short rib is also yummy and very filling. Good beer selection as well.Came here for a bite and drinks on a Friday night. Around 6:30pm, it wasn't incredibly crowded and we were seated immediately. The ambiance was romantic with dim lighting and light music. Staff were knowledgeable, considerate, and friendly - overall, the service was impeccable. Tria is best known for their small plates; however, my friend and I went with a small app and then each had a sandwich. We had the truffled egg toast which was perfectly tasty and then I had their turkey, bacon and cheddar sandwich with the tomato aoli. I would highly recommend both options. Their beer and wine lists are also extensive. Tria is a great spot for a date or grabbing some small plates and drinks with friends. I will definitely be back.This place was delicious! My husband and I ate here for date night and we loved it. The atmosphere is classy and relaxed, I highly recommend the flourless chocolate torta with blackberry and espresso.It was really nice experience. I had limonite as beverage, and warm apple. The warm apple was amazing. I highly recommend it. The person who was with me ordered a cappuccino and apple tree goat cheese. Overall, it was really good food and good service and I will be there again.So very disappointed that they have switched to a "cafe menu". This means no hot entree-small plates. It is now just small salads and sandwiches. We went for dinner and were dismayed to learn the new menu was in place. We ate there quite often- great pasta and a wonderful trout dish. Will not be back. I do not want a sandwich(not even a burger choice!) for dinner. UghI love sitting outside Tria Fitler Square with my girlfriend and dog.  The wine is expensive, but usually worth it.  Additionally, the Happy Hour specials are good.  However, the real value is delivered in the chef's unique spin on the starters, cheese plates and desserts.  The cheeses are always served with a lovely spread or sauce, and the apps always have a unique twist.  My favorite is the calamari.  When it comes to dessert, you can't go wrong.Service was attentive and friendly. Came here for brunch. Great outside seating overlooking the heart of Fitler square. Eggs benedict was over cooked and yolks weren't runny. French toast was pretty solid. Prices were meh. Would probably go to Honey's or Ants Pants for brunch next time.Loved the food and the service! The Truffled Egg Toast is just delicious, a must try! The Sliced Italian Meats tray was also pretty amazing! Their wine and cheese selection is pretty good. Will definitely go back for a weekend brunch menu which looks amazing but is not available during the week.Delicious dinner. The mushroom bruschetta was awesome. We also got the chicken and short rib entrees. They are definitely on the smaller side so I would recommend getting an appetizer as well. The flourless chocolate torte was good too! Not as expected, it was more like fudge but was a delightful conclusion to our dinner.The service here was impeccable and the food delicious as well!  This was our first time dining with Tria and plan on making it back often.The latest addition to the Tria brand, Fitler Square has all the attention to detail that we've come to expect from the Tria brand - the trio of outstanding and affordable wines, craft beers and unusual cheeses paired with perfect accompaniments (local honey, preserves, mustards and others that accentuate the cheese). 
So why visit Fitler? Firstly, it's in striking distance of Graduate Hospital and is perfectly placed for a pleasant evening enjoying something a little nicer than the usual gastropub fare in this part of town. 
Secondly it has all of the attention to detail that the other Tria establishments have. It's quiet enough to hold a conversation, while lively enough to provide entertainment. The layout is snug, with tables close enough to feel homely but not crowded. The bar is long and well staffed, a good place to perch. The outside tables are perfect for evening dining and look across the square, for inside the team added a large window and replaced the old ones. All of these open to give a light, airy atmosphere complimented by the reclaimed ash bar and table tops. Attention to detail is everywhere. 
Thirdly, this Tria has a full kitchen, and the medium plates are an excellent size for dinner. The black pepper and mushroom tagliatelle is to die for. 
In short, a perfect spot to take a date. Or simply for the oenophile to overload on choices of new and interesting wines with the perfect snacks to go with them.I wish you could give half stars on Yelp. Tria Fitler is a solid 3.5 star for me.
Compared to the other Tria locations, the service here wasn't great. The bartender didn't seem to be passionate about beer and kept on pushing the wine / champagne special. When I asked her a few questions on the beer list she shrugged most of them off. 
That being said, I did like how they have (2) cans here. One IPA and one Stout. I wish they would carry more though, that would make this place stand out among the other Trias in the area.
As far as food, we just split the hummus appetizer. We would have tried more but decided to walk to the other Tria in Rittenhouse after being disappointed by the service.
Theres not much reason to visit Tria Fitler over any other Trias in the area though , perhaps that will change if they add some more canned beer!Came here around 10p. Was informed that they were no longer accommodating outdoor seating (the reason we came), and that the kitchen closes at 10:30. We ordered 2 cheeses and 2 glasses of wine- easy enough, but the service was abysmal. Basically had to stare the waitstaff down to get a menu and place our order. There were only 4 other customers in the restaurant, so there was no reason it should have taken 20 minutes for us to get our check. Overrated.After the Taproom, this is my second favorite Tria location. They don't offer as many snacks and small plates, but this is a great spot for dinner. The truffled mushroom bruschetta and  lancaster chicken have become my go-to's. You can't go wrong with either one! The first glass of wine I ever ordered here was the cotes du rhone (under sociable reds) and I haven't strayed since.I recommended this restaurant to my parents and it immediately became their favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. There are two other trias but this is the only location with main dish options. The other trias only have appetizers, small plates, and wine. The food is fresh and delicious, and the wine is to die for. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. Outside seating as well!I have been a fan of Tria since it first opened years ago in the City. As a result, I was very pumped since Tria opened in Fitler. We've been a few times, but most recently were there to "wait out" the blizzard of 2016.
The best thing about this Tria - Location! I adore this area of Philly, being across the street from the square is such a great place to do nearly anything, and probably the perfect place to drink wine. Our most recent visit came when there was a limited menu due to snow, but our waiter was knowledgeable, polite, and actually excited to be at work in the midst of a storm. He suggested a "Funky Red", my fiance had a Rose. Both glasses were great. We also split a cheese plate, Bourbon Bellavitano, which was bonkers good. Tria has always been able to hit the nail on the head with fancy wine and cheese, so that was no shock.
So circling around, Tria can be a bit pricey, but you do get a sense that what you are eating and drinking is beyond what you typically get. Further, the staff is really helpful - a must if you are in this type of place. Finally, the view from our window was the perfect seat to just sit and waste 2-3 hours. I know this place can get loud and crowded (Sunday School), but it really is worth a trip for a quiet afternoon.Had a delicious Saturday brunch here. It wasn't crowded at all, and we were seated immediately. I had the truffled egg on toast and figs with Gorgonzola and prosciutto; both were great. My friend had the eggs benedict. While she didn't love the duck on it, she said it was otherwise good and she enjoyed the potatoes that come on the side.I have been meaning to come to Tria on fitler for a while now and now that I've been, I don't know what will stop me from going over and over again. I went with my mother who was visiting and we shared the egg toast with truffle oil, roasted beet salad, and seafood risotto. The meal was perfect, start to finish. The egg toast with truffle had a perfect runny egg with hints of truffle. The roasted beet salad was perfectly dressed and the creamy goat cheese paired nicely with the beets. But what made us both groan and say YUM out loud was the seafood risotto!! Clams, shrimp, scallops in a white creamy risotto went so nicely with our refreshing salad and each bite was pure bliss. I would come back just for the risotto. My only complaint was that we couldn't order and pick up that risotto the next day. We were in a rush and couldn't sit and eat, but we craved it the whole next day.The latest branch of Tria is nothing but excellent, as to be expected. My boyfriend and I generally go to the Tria in the Gayborhood, but we heard this new one was open, so we decided to give it a try on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, and we were glad we did. We grabbed an open table outside, overlooking Fitler Square, perfect for people watching and sitting in the sun. Our waiter promptly came over and gave us menus, and we looked over the nicely curated list of wines, some familar, some obscure. Given the nice weather, my boyfriend started with a Finger Lakes reisling, and I started with an Austrian Blaufränkisch blend (a white wine). We also decided to order some roasted beets with feta and bruschetta with pistachio ricotta and lavender honey. Our wine came out quickly, and was quite good. Our food came out a little while later, and was delicious. The portions were small, but we expected that, and were actually well sized for an afternoon snack. We then decided to try some more wine; I ordered an Austrian Zweigelt (red wine), and I don't remember what my boyfriend got. As expected, we both enjoyed them.
After we paid, I took a quick peek inside, and this location is perhaps their most beautiful one yet. The manager pointed out to me that the wallpaper inside was hand made by a artist from Manayunk, and all the wood was reclaimed from Lancaster County. A nice local touch for a wonderful establishment.
Overall, Tria Fitler Square lives up to the high expectations set by their other locations. When we went it had only been open a week, but there were no signs it had been open for so short a time. The food, service, and (most importantly) the wine were all excellent, and the location right on Fitler Square is fantastic. We cannot wait to go back.Great food, great beer and great wine. This place just opened, so it's understandable that they are still working on customer service. It's new. Our host overlooked us on the list for a table of two and our wait increased from 10 to 30 minutes in one forgetful moment. That sucked. But we got a spot standing at the bar and just chilled drinking delicious beer. The hostess and server were friendly and helpful, but everything seemed to take a long time. The place was full at 8pm on a Monday night (I'm sure due to being brand new), but not packed. The bruschetta was amazing, the calamari salad was small, but good. We go the wrong bill when we were ready to go, but I'm sure once everyone settles in a little more these small mistakes will go away. I'll be back.This was my first time at a Tria restaurant/bar, and I must say, I'm impressed! The Fitler Square location was quaint and quiet, and despite being a Sunday around 11, we didn't have an issue getting a table. The restaurant is minimalistic with an airy, relaxing vibe and an open-kitchen concept. 
The menu surprisingly has a lot to offer - both food and drinks. If you enjoy wine and cheese, this place is for you! They have an extensive wine listing and affordable cheese boards. Beer-drinkers, don't be discouraged, they have plenty for you too. What I loved so much about this menu was the "Sunday School" section; every Sunday they offer a different wine, cheese, and beer at a serious reduction in price. $4.50 for an order of cheese, bread, and delicious fig spread... doesn't get much better than that! Plus they provide a unique, educational description of each (hence the "school" portion of the menu title). Needless to say, we ordered the "Sunday School" cheese (which was Maho) - well worth it. We also ordered the yogurt parfait and the smoked salmon breakfast sandwich; both were excellent. I can't wait to come back to this location as well as to try the other Tria cafes in the city.Great place to go for wine. They also have a nice beer selection and some cider/mead on their drinks menu. 
I tried the beef ribs, which was delicious. I also got to try a bit of the octopus and the seafood risotto. My favorite remains the ribs. :)
It's a bit loud during busy hours, but I love the ambiance.Nice atmosphere.  Great place to try wine and sample cheese.  I dined for dinner and wasn't as impressed with my main course as I was with the cheese and bruschetta.  I had the  pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey bruschetta and it was delicious! The fig and pine nut salad was also very good!This is a tough review to rate this location of Tria.  I have been there three times.  The first two were excellent but the third time had some major issues.  I will give them 4 stars overall because of the strength of their food and depth of their wine selection which both get 5 stars.  Service is a 3 for table service and the kitchen service gets a 2.  They were busy Thursday night, our party of 3 was seated at 7:20 but we didn't get our entree until almost 9 pm.  The starters took an hour.  The starters were two salads and one grilled asparagus with pine nuts.  An hour, really?  Then my starter was missing the pine nuts.  This is a bistro menu so someone needs to be expediting in the kitchen when they are backed up.  Front of the house is solid, the kitchen needs work.  If you can't handle the number of tables you have then you should have more staff or limit your table service.  No excuse for this at all.
Update, I have returned twice since my last review and both times the service and kitchen were flawless.  So they get 5 stars for the service, selection and innovative menu.  On my last visit I had a snack of egg toast with Fontina cheese!  It was delicious and crunchy.  I also had the Butternut Squash soup with Apple bits--what a delightful seasonal surprise.  My wife had Trout which was superlative.  The staff was so pleasant and appreciative of our feedback on our dishes.  The kitchen was busy but our food came out quickly and perfectly prepared.  The owner and staff have really put together a wonderful, friendly, and innovative neighborhood bistro on Fitler Square.  Tria is worth going out of your way to visit whether it is for a drink, snack, meal, or dessert!Went for valentine's day! Awesome weekly tastings to try out their extensive cheese/wine/beer menu. Definitely upscale so would recommend for a special occasion or date.Thus far, I've visited Tria FItler Square twice. Once for drinks in the evening, once for their new Sunday brunch. As far as drinks go, it's no surprise that Tria Fitler Square excels. They have a diverse and creative beer lineup, broken up into "Invigorating", "Friendly", "Profound" and "Extreme" (don't worry, we're not talking Mountain Dew over here, just funky, Gueuze-y). When they touted a new brunch offering a few weeks ago, I was stoked to welcome a new delicious option to the neighborhood for lazy Sundays. 
We were a party of four and one canine. And while the food was (unsurprisingly) incredible, very well valued, and beautiful to behold before we stuffed our faces, the service (for once in my long-time relationship with the Tria family) was less than stellar. Actually, downright off-putting.
First - our foods. 
Between us all, we savored a truffled egg toast (same incredible taste as the ones I've enjoyed from Tria Cafe in the past), Eggs Benedict Carbonara with Pancetta, Pecorino Sauce, Chives and pepper (which comes with divine potato hash), Brioche French Toast with Candied Hazelnut Butter, Strawberries and Mint, and a Toasted Croissant with Rhubarb Jam and Whipped Honey Mascarpone, along with sides of grilled sausage and bacon.
The truffled egg toast is one of the most delicious items I've ever enjoyed at any meal, and has been discussed countless times, so I'll let the voices before me sing praises. My Eggs Benedict, while not tasting particularly "carbonara-y", was a perfect portion with the poached eggs oozing fresh, bright yolk over the muffin, pancetta, and hash alike. I didn't lick the plate, but I considered it.
The French toast was that perfect blend of crisp outer shell with a pillowy inside, cooked to perfection, but the combination of the hazelnut butter, strawberries, and mint (along with the syrup) was just a hint overpowering on the sweetness front. The toasted croissant, moderately priced at $5, would be the perfect light brunch option for anyone craving tart, flaky, and rich with the mascarpone and rhubarb jam. 
On the meats front, splurge on the sausage. Two plump, succulent links had the table going back for a second order after the rest of the food had been consumed. I did not try the bacon, but heard it was texturally on point and tasty as a supplement to the croissant dish.
All of this food, and drinks (non-alcoholic) for two of us rounded out evenly around $65, a bargain IMHO for a brunch for four. Unfortunately, our server may have woken up on the wrong side of the bed, for the service soured an incredibly delish dining experience. Simple, not uncommon requests were met with a bristling attitude that suggested a general unhappiness. One from our party requested gluten free bread option for her eggs benedict, having even brought her own GF bagel just in case they didn't have any options. You would've thought she had asked for the server to run across town to pick up some GF options instead. We also requested to split the check two ways for some of the party had ordered more than others, and were cast an icy glance that could've frozen Elsa herself. Nevermind, we'll just go halfsies and sort it out ourselves.
LUCKILY, a quick message to the manager resulted in a prompt response apologizing and recognizing the issue. I will also add that everyone else we interacted with, from the bubbly hostess to the chef who came out and happily offered to cook the gluten-free bagel and add it to the dish, was a joy. Sometimes a bad apple can spoil the bunch (or, in this case, the brunch).
We will be back, but (HOPEFULLY) not faced with that same server!I want to like this place more than I actually do. It has a lot going for it, with great drink specials and a nice selection of cheese and wine options. 
Still the food is only good. There is no wow factor. The mushroom tagliatelle is a solid choice. Tasty but not delicious, so I always have to ask for Parmesan to add a little more flavor.
The one plate that does blow me away is the honey lavender & pistachio bruschetta. It sweet and crisp. So good, in fact, that I keep coming back for this app despite the other less satisfying plates. 
This is a great place for drinks and small bites, but maybe not a full meal.This is a great atmosphere to grab a decent glass of wine. The servers are great and typically knowledgeable about the different wines. They also have a limited food menu (including mushroom truffle toast MMMM) so you can grab bites with your wine. For a full meal, there are other places in the city to explore. There is (limited) outdoor seating as well which is perfect for the summer!Set in the picturesque Filter Square this place has become my got to brunch option. With a casual ambience and ample seating, this place is perfect if you want to avoid the lines at other popular restaurants for brunch!
The service is great and they have special prices on a wine and cheese featured for the weekend. My favorite dishes are the mushroom omelette and the eggs Benedict.
This place is perfect for brunch with a view of the park!