Drinking a cold Allagash after work with a co-worker at one of the outside tables, while watching the Rittenhouse crowd go by. Sharing a plate of cheese and a couple of glasses of wine at the bar with my husband. Lingering over the white bean appetizer, or gorgeous salad. Indulging in a warm chocolate dessert. 
Why did I leave Philadelphia? Tria, I miss you.This is a GREAT wine bar in the Rittenhouse area. I think they have other locations, but since I lived a block away, I always stuck to this one. The wine list has something for everyone, and the service is pretty good (even when it is crazy crowded - which it often is!). It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is perfectly set up for a variety of group sizes (although I'd stay away from anything larger than 4). 
The one thing I wish that Tria had was a better, or at least more varied, food menu. I know that wine and cheese go together hand in hand, but does absolutely everything on the menu have to have cheese in it?Fantastic wine bar with an assortment of small plates, salads and sandwiches that will satisfy any palate. The wines and beers are expertly selected and the staff is very knowledgable. I recommend the Tulocay Cabernet Sauvignon pared with the assorted meat platter and a side of the 2 year old Gouda cheese.Chic, unpretentious, and yummy cheeses, wines :) Very friendly staff, very helpful and all round a wonderful experience.Always a hit post dinner drinks. Two glasses of red for me and three beers for him. That makes a total of 90 different wines that I have tried and 67 beers the boy has tried.My husband and I had been walking around for so long as we argued where to eat and what to eat that eventually it was past 10pm and most restaurants started closing up.  We walked around a full hour more, and after 11pm restaurants were definitely done.  Sulking and annoyed with each other, we headed back to our hotel with empty bellies.  We decided to walk up a street that we hadn't yet been on, and came across Tria.
A server was bringing food out to the one outdoor table, and I was so hungry and cranky I think I just blurted out to my husband as I grabbed his arm "this is a cheese restaurant and they are still serving and we are eating here!"  Later we couldn't actually figure out what made me call it a cheese restaurant - they must just do a good job of conveying what they're all about.  We walked in and they were indeed still serving, and thank god there were exactly two seats remaining at their bar (still a half-hour wait for a table, despite being after 11pm).
So I already felt a love for this place because I was so hungry and I was ever thankful that I could get a decent plate of food at 11:30 at night.  But beyond this simple appreciation, everything was great.  Cured meats + salty cheeses + great  wine + shortbread cookies = yum.  This kind of meal is just my thing, and perfect for a late night nosh.
And the service kicked ass - god it made me wish that the local tapas place in my hometown could trade staff with Tria!  We were greeted enthusiastically at the door and put on the wait list.  We stood at the only empty space at the bar for a few moments and someone nearly instantly appeared with bar stools for us.  Menus and waters came quickly, and we placed our drink orders.  I got my wine right away, and in what only seemed like a few minutes later, my husband got his coffee and was informed that it was on the house because it took so long.  Just as I was about to get up to inform the host that she could take us off the wait list because we were comfy at the bar, she came up to us to ask if we still would like a table.  Even though the place was beyond packed, food came out fast and the bartender was perfectly attentive.  Everyone was just totally in synch and the service was seemless.  
It's funny how sometimes it's easy to not notice when everything clicks - things that go wrong stand out so much more.  But this was one of those meals that at the end of the night you realize it was excellent in its subtle delivery of everything you wanted.  Tria saved my belly from being angry and my husband and I from having a huge fight.  Instead we had a delicious meal and a great night, and yet another restaurant on our must-visit list for when we're in the Philadelphia area.A hidden gem for lunch!! Delicious food, elegant atmosphere and very reasonable prices.  Perfect place to meet someone for lunch in center city.If six stars were possible, I'd given them 7.  First, the warmest most responsive staff possible. Ever waiter and waitress seemed to engage us, asking if we needed anything more, enjoyed what we'd had.  Very nice.  Wonderful wine list, varied in pricing, varietal, region and offered us a taste to help us pick what we wanted.  But as good as this was....the food was awesome.  The  lamb sausage lying in a sauce of feta, olive oil, lemon and mint and with giant white beans scattered in the sauce was absolutely amazing, enough so that now that we are back in Santa Fe we plan to try to recreate it at home. Inventive salads were as delicious as they sounded.... one with smoked duck, another with smoked chicken and another with oak-planked salmon.  All outstanding.  The various bruschetta were each yummy, too.  We came for lunch twice and almost made it back a third time (in a 3 day stay)...  It was that good.  Kudos to the staff and to a culture that obviously rewards quality in the food and staff who are engaging and warm.  Great place.Great place.  It's small and cozy, just very well done.  Its great for a date because the lighting makes everyone look good and they have the best wine and cheese in town (girls love that).  They also have a very nice beer selection and a bunch of fun munchies.  And if your still sober enough for desert they have the best banana, caramel and Mascarpone panini (yum!).I went into Tria last night for the first time knowing what an excellent reputation it has for having excellent wine and beer lists, food and service. I was extremely satisfied with two out of three however the poor service we received was unacceptable. The wine list was impressive and I thoroughly enjoyed the three glasses of wine that I had and I was extremely impressed with the food. Tria has a very small kitchen and they are putting out excellent food in spite of that. Now onto the negative. Our server could have cared less if we were there. He became less attentitive as he became less busy. When we first came in there were a lot of people however it seemed like the dining room quickly cleared out. I am assuming that he didn't care about our party of three since we told him that only one of us, myself, would be eating and only two of us were drinking.  Long story short I had to keep flagging him down when there weren't many people in the restaurant to get basic service. I am a bartender at a popular bar in Philadelphia and I know a thing or two about service. I always overtip because I am in the service business and he missed out on that. I left 20 percent.I really liked it here.  However, right now my addled mind is having a hard time deciding whether $86 (incl. tax and tip) is a normal people price for 4 glasses of wine, one sandwich, one salad, and 2 bruschetta.  It should be noted that I went out and had 2 pieces of (very bad) pizza after my sandwich and bruschetta, but that's at least partially because I'd been on starvation diet for a couple days.  
Anyhooligan, I was again really happy to be eating things that didn't feel like they were going to murder my heart in my sleep.  Would like to see a more varied menu though.  They seriously need to get some boquerones on there.  But yeah, I guess I find it kind of expensive.  Maybe if I had a job I would feel otherwise.Full disclosure, any place that focuses on wine and cheese is pretty much already 4 stars in my book.
Tria's brilliance is in their menu descriptions. They're the best I've ever seen, and I'm not sure why more restaurants don't adopt them. They're easy to read and accessible, and it's a fun place for people who are new to wine. I think they totally convey the personality of their wine and cheese without being too difficult to understand or "out there."I've never had a bad drink of food item at Tria. Hard to get a seat if you aren't there early, but this place never disappoints. My wife and I try and sneak in around 4 to enjoy the bar with the baby asleep on our chest. We love it here, and you will too.I've been a fan of Tria for years and it never fails to disappoint!  First of all, wine...they have it all and lots of it.  The waiters/bartenders are very knowledgeable about it too.  
As for food, I am in love with the three cheese panini.  I mean, who doesn't love cheese, let alone three kinds mixed together?!
The small plates are delish, you can never go wrong with a cheese plate either.  
To get the best deal, go to Sunday School where they have a weekly beer, wine and cheese special for great prices.Tria is my go-to spot for pretty much every occasion I can think of. I've been frequenting this place for the last two years and I can never get enough. There's so much that I love about this place:
The ambiance - Adorable little wine and cheese place. It's cozy, classy, fun, modern. I love it for a glass of wine with friends in the evening, a pre-dinner drink, or that perfect first date place. 
The food - I've had pretty much every vegetarian item on their menu and it's all so good. My favorite is the arugula salad (I often convince my friends to go there because I crave that salad so often!) and their pistachio herbed ricotta bruschetta (sounds risky, but SO good).
The drinks - They have an extensive wine list and everything I've tried has been great. I don't go for the beers that often there but my friends have always enjoyed their drinks. 
The service - Nothing to complain about here. They do often have long waits, but when you get a seat at one of their bar tables or their outdoor tables in the summer time, it's smooth sailing from there - I've never been rushed and the waiters have always been friendly and helpful with selecting menu items. 
There are two Tria locations in the city and they are both great. If you haven't been here already, you are missing out on one of the best places in Philly, so bring a date, a friend, or just yourself, and kick back and relax with great food and wine!Came here for a late dinner after I arrived in Philadelphia. We picked a few small plates, bruschetta, and cheese! Figs with Gorgonzola and prosciutto, warm white bean dip, broccoli rabe bruschetta were all great! The truffle egg toast was ok, hard to taste the truffle. We picked a Brie cheese and creamy blue cheese that were both delicious on their own but the fun part was that they paired a truffle pate with the Brie and honey with the blue cheese. The waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and wine list. Would come back for one of their paninis!This may be one of my favorite places, in any city.  It has an excellent, fun and descriptive wine menu. The light food - paninis & bruschetta -is tasty and the ambience is casual and easy.  A couple of tables outdoors lets you enjoy your wine al fresco.  And "sunday school" can't be beat for a half price glass of wine they want you to try out.  I wish they'd open one in NYC...Great find. Waitstaff was very knowledgeable. Wine selection was outstanding. Cheese selection fits all tastes.Fantastic food, but slow service. My lunch hour isn't super rigid per se, but I do only take an hour. It's a bit frustrating to have to wait for a check when the staff is simply bussing tables and standing at the opposite end of the bar.We came here for lunch on a Sunday and I really enjoyed the place. Their Sunday School menu is a good deal and worth trying one of each as they kind of all go together.
Food: The Truffle Egg Toast is amazing.  I can't not order that now that I have had it.  The rest of the food was tasty an they were kind enough to split our plates for any of us that were sharing.  I love the menu organization based on flavor profile as well. 
Service: Attentive and nice.  Willing to give us tips about the menu and local spots around.
Price: It is a little pricier but reflective of quality and ingredients.
Decor: this is a small place and we were a little cramped. I understand their demand is high but I wish we had a bit more room.
Noteable Extras: The Sunday School is worth trying this place out.  Besides that, it just good quality.Do yourself a favor and order the testaroli pasta with basil pesto, spicy sausage and parmigiano-reggiano. Pair it with one of the "lighthearted reds" and your appreciation for life will skyrocket.
The only reason I withheld a star is because the space is quite small and the restaurant doesn't take reservations which often creates a barrier between me and the testaroli.We have been to Tria many times and the wine, food and service are consistently excellent. It is our go-to spot on a regular basis. The servers do an incredible job of matching wonderful cheeses to our wines. Highly recommend.Really cute place. Try to get a bar top so you have more room. The tables up front are so tightly packed I wouldn't have been able to have good gossip time with my friend.
The servers are all work together so you can grab anyone to get your orders placed. We enjoyed ordering as we went. Started with a glass of bubbly and cheese stuffed dates with prosciutto and the homemade chips with rosemary. Both so good. And then we each got a panini which came with a great side salad.
If this were in my hometown I would go here regularly.Yeah, the cheese here is great! But what makes this place exceptional is the service, cool peeps without the too cool for you attitude.  We went with another couple and brought our bebe for Sunday School which is quite a good deal...we still ended up spending a bit of cash even with the discounted beers, wine and cheese.  I wouldn't call this a place for kids/babys but ours loved it and no one batted an eye when I had to breast feed our baby - at the table, I was discreet.  Its also just loud enough to mask any squeals and screeches that a baby might make.  
I highly recommend the bannanna caramel marscapone cheese panino for dessert, it is too good to be true.
Both locations are equally great for dinner and lunch,  though I prefer the one kitty-corner to 10 Ritt. because I like to watch the construction.OK, so here's my thing with Tria. The new one couldnt be closer by so I want to love it. And I find no fault with the wine and the cheese - which is great cause that's their thing. But the sandwiches and salads need help. I could never get a proper dinner here, and when I drink I need some substance. If they could work up a salad or two that I could handle I'd be a vey happy camper.Young, energetic crowd (certainly around graduation week). Very good wine and beers. Great food in small servings, salads, sandwiches, etc.Tria was great when it first opened four years ago, and it is still great today, after a recent visit last night.  Specializing in the tria of fermented items - beer, wine, and cheese, Tria has a very unique selection of all three items in a cozy Rittenhouse Square setting, which is hip without trying to be so.  The beer selection is a rotating tap, but usually has a selection from Dog Fish, which is my all time favorite microbrew, much to the dismay of my Seattle peops.  There is a nice selection of small plates - strong cheese selection (15-20 types), snacks, salads, sandwiches and bruschetta.  At times, it can get crowded, but late on a week night is the perfect time to visit and spend a few hours at Tria.Yum, their food is delicious! My favorite is the Truffled Egg Toast. Especially love coming here on a warm night because of the outside seating!! I come here occasionally with a couple of friends when we want a night out in the city.I love all the Tria locations. This one in particular is on the smaller side and tends to be busier than the others, but the food and drinks are still fantastic and reasonably priced. The cheese, wine, and beer menus can be a little intimating if you don't know what you're looking for, but the staff is really knowledgeable and friendly, so don't hesitate to ask.
Beets and feta 4/5
Pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey 5/5
Smoked salmon salad 5/5Amazing place. There is nothing more to say. Excellent food, excellent drinks, excellent service and worth every penny. The consistency of this wine bar is also worth mentioning as I have never had a bad experience there.
The happy hour is fantastic, usually offering different beers and wines for $5-7 along with a spectacular cheese plate.
Go there asap!OK, maybe 3.5 stars - but not 4.
I just was not impressed with the food.  We had several small plates - and a really bitter greens-based salad.  Also a dessert panini which sounded much better on paper than it actually tasted.  The cheese selection was nice.
The service was fine, if a bit dis-interested,  and the decor and vibe call for a 4 or 5 star rating but the food was not worth the price, and not especially memorable.
This location I like better than the 11th Street location.  Not sure why - but we had a better time here.Staff are always so friendly and accommodating in this neighborhood staple. The food trumps the wine for me however I still plan on working my way through the list until I find one I would happily order each visit. I love starting the night here with some nibbles and a glass or two. Worth a visit.I LOVE this place.
I have been here 3 times now, and each time is a wonderful experience. The food is ALWAYS fantastic, and the service is wonderful too. 
I like sweet wine personally so I get their Riesling by the glass. It is superb and it is the perfect level of chilled. Also their wine glasses have their logo right on the pour line so its fun to see how perfect their pour is each time.
The Food:
I usually get the Bruschetta with the Mozzarella Crema. Yum! The white bean hummus dip thingy is amazing too.
Also their salads are fresh and tasty.
For a place that has ambiance, yummy food and is right in the center of it all, the prices seem extremely reasonable to me.Excellent wine bar with excellent food! One of our favorite places in Philly! They find amazing wines that you would never get anywhere else. And, do not miss the huge selection of tasty cheese as well.The best lil' neighborhood restaurant in Philly as far as I am concerned.  The waitstaff is so so wonderful and kind and helpful!  Anything I have ever ordered is delish and the beer selection is pretty dang impressive!  And Nutella Panini for dessert, YES PLEASE!!Not sure we can say more than has already been said - but the effort and care Tria puts into selecting a constantly rotating menu of interesting beers, wines, and cheeses is certainly appreciated. 
Of course, we couldn't give Tria five stars on booze and cheese alone.  They also have a concise but comprehensive menu of delicious snacks, sandwiches and salads.  We are hooked on the asparagus and white bean salad.
Sunday School at Tria is one of our favorite things about Philadelphia!  They update their website weekly with the coming Sunday's selection of discounted wine, beer, and cheese, so be sure to do your research before you go.I really, REALLY love Tria, and have for quite some time. The service is always excellent, I always manage to find a seat right at the bar, and the wine list is pretty top notch. I really like the bruschetta, especially the Sauteed Broccoli Rabe and Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey, and the salad with asparagus and white beans is really tasty. Great, quiet, yet hip spot, perfect for date night or drinks with the girls.Went to Tria on the recommendation from the concierge. With the exception of the clueless hostess everything about this stop for a quick bite was great.  We had Sliced Italian Meats served with Sweet Red Pepper, Pickled Onion Mostarda and Spicy Garlic Oil, Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma  and a few rounds of a very bold Malbec (bartenders recommendation)...food was delicious, fresh and hit the spot.  Our waitress, Lindsay, went above and beyond the call of duty by writing out a list of places to try in Philadelphia.  Her suggestions which we tried a few were great!  Tria is the perfect place to stop in and grab a bite with friends, brunch with the parents or a romantic stop for two.  We appreciated the friendly staff and the delicious food.I used to stop by and watch people sitting in the table outside enjoying their glass of wine or champagne wishing I could join them. I always wanted to go but N was not too eager.
One late evening we were in the washington square area and were desperately looking for a place to eat before the kitchen closed. We found Tria around the corner. I loved the ambience which I knew I would long before I stepped in.
I enjoyed my glass of white wine and N enjoyed his beer as usual. We had Spicy Tuna and Chickpea Stuffed Piquillo Peppers  and eggplant bruschetta which we loved.
I had spinach salad with strawberries, pistachios and smoked duck. it was above par. N had smoked chicken sandwich which he loved. He was full when he ate half the sandwich but he stuffed the second half anyway as he did not want carry it and it was too good to leave.
All in all we loved the food and the place and we will go back again.A classy ambience with a decadent menu. We went for a late dinner, and loved the delicious poached mission figs (a must! sweet bursting with flavor, and accented with prosciutto/gorgonzola), pistachio herbed ricotta bruschetta, smoked duck salad, and the American albacore tuna sandwich! The service was friendly and spot-on - water was always refilled and conversation was welcoming. Great place to grab drinks with friends after work.Went here on a Friday night when we couldn't get a table at Monks.  The place is very small - dominated by a long bar and mostly small tables in the front. But we were seated quickly.  The service was great - very friendly servers who were very knowledgeable.  This is mostly a wine/beer spot - there were plenty of options in the wine and beer category, but not so much in the food category.  The food is mostly tapas and sandwiches.  We enjoyed what we ordered, but it was not the ambiance we were looking for, since we were going there to eat. If you are going to drink, you would probably really like this place.I've been a fan of TRIA's since it opened. If you like finer wines
& hand crafted beers - this is the place to go. They have a unique
selection of wine & beer, great cheese selection(and other "snacky" food), friendly & knowledgeable staff, nice atmosphere. One  "complaint"
I have is: it tends to get quite crowded so it helps to go early 
& secure seats. ALSO - I WISH they would do a sampler of 
their beers on draft. I wonder WHY they DON'T do this???
CHEERS!!!!!!Great joint... first time in philly - good ambience, great service and the food choices were awesome. Highly recommend for a late night eat & lounge...A local recommended this place for us out of towners, and we decided to dine there the night before we had to leave.  We are reservation people, so were disappointed that they did not have reservations (like many places in Philadelphia(not quite sure why?), but we thought not many people would be eating around 4pm, boy were we wrong.  The place was packed (which it was every time we had walked by during our stay).  Which is great for them, and must be a sign of it's popularity.  We somehow got a seat inside by a window, which was lovely.  The lady that sat us was very friendly and gave us the run down, since it was our first time there.  Our waitress came over to us and really was not pleasant.  I am ALWAYS friendly to everyone that works in a restaurant/bar, so her not being pleasant is really uncalled for, but perhaps that is just her personality.  We were very thirsty from walking around the last two days, so we ordered a glass of wine each and asked for water.  It took her about 15 minutes to bring us water, but our wine came out within 4 minutes (brought by someone else).  She just seemed annoyed.  
The menu items were all tantalizing and the plates we ordered were very good.  Another server walked by us and asked if we needed anything, with a friendly smile and we politely declined, but as she walked away, we wished it were her we had.  
Between my husband and I we ordered the Salmon salad, the chicken salad, the lamb sausage and a goat and a blue cheese.  We had wanted to order more wine, but decided to leave and have wine elsewhere, perhaps where the mood was slightly less, umm, how do I put this?...snobby?  
We ended up walking around the corner to our AMAZING hotel the Kimpton's Palomar, to regroup and then walked around Rittenhouse some more (eventually ending up at Marathon, which was way, way better and more inviting than Tria), in both of our opinions.  
As we sat by the food expediting station(literally right beside that and the bathrooms), we noticed that food/orders just sat there for a while!  We were actually kind of surprised by the length of ready orders just sitting out.  But the two guys preparing the plates, slicing cheese/cooking were outstanding in their productivity and execution.    
The best part of our meal was the lamb sausage.  The wine was good as well, but very/overly pricey.  
When we return to Philly, we will most likely skip this spot, but perhaps it is better for locals, or just one of those trendy places that can get away with certain things.This is my favorite Tria location. I let the bartender know what I like and have them suggest a beer or wine that I would like. Where else can you go where you can trust the suggestions the staff gives you? They are VERY knowledgeable about their beer and wine selections. I haven't tried the food here and need to at some point.We hit up this spot for lunch when we first arrived into Philly.  I saw lots of great reviews so I looked forward to a great meal.  Overall, it was good.  The food was tasty- although I must admit that the menu descriptions sounded better than the actual taste of the dishes.  I enjoyed the meal, but think my expectations were set high.   It's not somewhere I would think to go back to when I visit the area again.  The service was nice (even though our server was not very knowledgeable).
I appreciated being able to try several different items since the 2 others that joined me are sharers and the menu is set up to do so.
I can understand why others like this quaint location.  The place is tiny, yet friendly.  They have an extensive (and expensive IMO) wine list and a thorough listing of beers as well.  
Probably a better spot to enjoy a cup of tea or wine and a snack.Went here for lunch with my girlfriend on Tuesday.
We started things off with a glass of wine for her and a General Lafayette Porter for me. Our waitress was proficient, but a bit distant and she didn't really seem concerned with our orders. Fortunately, she was the only downside.
We got the Claudio Fresh Mozzarella, Tomato and Basil Bruschetta appetizer, which was delicious, if a bit small and, for the main course, she ordered the Smoked Salmon and Lemon-Pepper Vinaigrette Salad and I got a Smoked Chicken with Lancaster Cheddar Panino. My sandwich was excellent and the salad was apparently pretty good as well. 
The beer list was also quite impressive, featuring several Belgians and a few special brews from local micros.
Overall, it was a nice lunch experience and I will definitely return sometime in the future. I guess my only complaint is the lackadaisical service and the not entirely welcoming atmosphere.Love this place. Great atmosphere, attentive service, intimate enough for a date. 
Can only vouch for the wine and not food. 
All of the bartenders are extremely knowledgeable about their drink list so if you don't know what you want, just tell them what you like and they'll recommend something that's pretty spot on for you.I had the Smoked Salmon Salad and the Ricotta Bruschetta. 
The bruschetta was very good! It was light and because of the syrup, sweet as well. 
I really loved the salad too - it was light and refreshing but still filling because of the beans.Good prices for the quality. Hospitality could be a bit better (for example, they could bring bread for before appetizers arrive). Good beer selection.My friends and I decided to go to Tria on a Sunday afternoon after already brunching and drinking elsewhere. I'm really glad we went! Sundays offer Sunday School, which gives you a chance to sample wines, cheese and beers for super cheap. And they offer quality wines, cheese and beers.
I had the Three Cheese and Tomato Panino which was delectable. I savored every bite. I could eat it for lunch every day. It was about $7, which I think is really reasonable for a good sandwich.
The bartender was nice and despite a full house, the bar had three open spots seemingly awaiting my friends and me. I'm not sure about the rest of the week, but I'd suggest if you've never been you try Tria on a Sunday to take advantage of the deals.Great wine selection! Great cheese selection! Adorable atmosphere! Our one waitress was super sweet, the other was a complete douche.I have been to Tria numerous times, three of which have been in the last couple months. Each time the place has been cramped for space, but not too long of a wait for a table. The service is amazing- very friendly and knowledgeable. Each time, they have been more than happy to give recommendations based on our tastes and explain the reason behind their recommending. I tend to just go for drinks and apps, rather than a full meal. What keeps me coming back is their mead. Mead can be quite saccharine, often a turnoff. However, the mead at Tria has coffee added which cuts some of that sweetness. It may even be my favorite drink (I usually don't even like sweet things). All of the wine I have ordered at Tria has been above par. The apps are great, but it's definitely more about the drinks. The location is very convenient as it is only a block off the square. It can be very loud and hard to talk. It has pretty dark in there. Also, it is really not made for big groups. I would recommend only coming with 1 friend.Oh Tria, how I love thee. From truffled egg toast to fresh cheese plates to roasted beets with goat cheese (I don't even like beets!), you do it all so well.  I crave Tria often but don't get there as much as I would like because the bar menu makes things pricey. Definitely a place to hang with your friends and catch up after a show. Not somewhere to go on a hot date when you want privacy and cosy conversation. (Tables are set close to one another so you may worry about other patrons overhearing your oh-so-private conversations).  If you haven't been, check it out!If you're not very hungry this place may be alright.  It took about an hour to get 10 potato chips.  We would have ordered more, but the waitress only came back once.Amazing experience. Great wine great beer and great cheese. i ve never tasted cheese that smelled like butt hole but i did at tria and it was delicious although gross smelling. very gross smelling.Great atmosphere. Great spot for dating. Lots of appetizers/tapas style dishes you can share with a small group of friends. Wine/cheese paring was pretty awesome and the menu was extensive. Wine tends to be on the pricier side. Attentive staff. Highly recommends for a classy evening!LOVE.  That's all.  I always get the white bean dip and used to love the crab stuffed piquillo pepper (it's now tuna -- still good but liked the crab better).  The mission fig salad is filling and prices are really reasonable.  Great selection of wine and beer too.  Have been to both locations and have gotten the same great food and service, regardless.  Great place. Nice sitting outside in the summer and in cooler weather the coziness inside is just as pleasant although sometimes have to wait a little longer for a table.Went here on a busy Saturday night with a few friends. Seating took a while on this night and the staff was extremely apologetic and kept making sure that we were comfortable while waiting. Upon being seated they gave us a complimentary app to start with which was extremely nice and unexpected. 
The wine selection was AMAZING! We had so much fun trying different wines and apps and ended up staying for a LONG while. The servers here are very attentive and  even took some time to give us some travel tips for the city since we in town from San Francisco. Coming back to this bar in a few months when we come back through!Found this hidden gem and decided to try it out. We sat at the bar. seating was pretty intimate. the staff was pleasant and knowledgeable. we tried the calamari and two of the cheeses, a brie and a cheddar. enjoyed them.I'm pretty surprised everyone loves tria as much as they do - my boyfriend comes here often because it's down the street from his place. I think it's great for a drop in quick meal, and you'll have a nice, average lunch or dinner. I think whoever writes the menu is genius - he makes the items sound incredible and insanely appetizing, but the food fell just a little flat for me. According to my bf and his friends, the old bruschetta menu was 100x better than the current. We had a few bruschettas, the asparagus and artichoke salad, and the fig and prosciutto salad, items which I normally love, but in this case weren't all that memorable.
That said, the atmosphere was nice and cozy, though while sitting at the bar I kept getting mauled by passing customers (and I'm tiny!). The service was great, and I'd definitely return, but maybe with lower expectations.tonight's lesson: yelp never lies. our gastro orgy was made of wines, amazing bruschettas, salad, cheese and the truffled egg toast with fontina to die for. customer service was extremely friendly and attentive. if you haven't been to tria yet, go! the sunday school special is quite a bargain.Absolutely delicious.  I'm always on the look out for places with great app/small plate selections and this place hits the mark. The Gorgonzola stuffed figs with prosciutto are excellent.If you're like me and you love beer, wine, cheese and cured meats (I live and die for bacon and prosciutto) then you'll love Tria!
I had Lupper here (lunch/supper) at an outdoor table on a gorgeous sunny day with two of my best friends and the experience was great.
I think Amada's Little Sister might be an appropriate description for Tria. Their menu features small plates, salads and sandwiches with a strong Italian/Spanish/Mediterranean influence. I tried  several of the bruschettas, all of which were delicious, the italian meats, the poached figs with gorgonzola and the cured Spanish pork. I thoroughly enjoyed everything but my tastebuds thought the carmelized onion bruschetta and the Spanish pork really stood out. 
Their beer list is good too, featuring a variety of  European imports along with some great local beers. I can't wait to come back here and try the wine and cheese.
Service was great, too. At one point, we had our server literally halting pedestrian traffic on the narrow sidewalk just so she could stand back and take a picture of my friends and I. Yes, I'm sorry to admit it, but we were those people. By the way, I didn't ask her take a picture, my friends did.
I must caution guests though...these little plates really add up and before you know it you've spent 40+ dollars when you thought you were just having a little lunch.Tried their sunday school special a couple of times since I moved here. Service is good, great appetizers and drinks. Have not try a full meal here yet so can't comment on the food. One time I went around 2pm and the place had settled down after lunch. One time went around noon time and the place is hopping. You pretty much have to talk at the top of your voice to be hear. That is probably the one negative I can think of.I wish Tria wasn't so popular! While our choices were very good (three cheese panini, a cheese sampler, and bruschetta) and the wine and beer choices are outstanding, it is just way too crowded to enjoy everything else! 
It would be wonderful if Tria was about double the size because it's hard to imagine coming here most nights, especially on the weekend. Trying to get a drink at the bar while waiting for our table to open up was a hassle and we were constantly being squashed and run into by others trying to get a drink or the poor servers who have to make their way through the tight quarters.
Once we were seated by the window, we were able to have just enough room to eat our dinner without taking up space from those next to us. I can't say anything bad about the food or the service itself, but this place is just too crowded for me!While I certainly prefer the other location, I've decided that Tria is Tria and Tria is GOOD! 
Just the most exciting and desirable Wine & Beer lists. The food menu has yet to feature one single word that isn't a "deal maker" for me. The staff in both locations has impressed with their quality in service, personality, and knowledge.
I take one half star away for preferring the layout and openness of the other location. 
I take one and half star for the kitchen employee that knew of (I can't say he was the actual culprit)..knew of the giant TURD that would not flush and did nothing to stop me from entering the restroom as he was exiting, nor did he or anyone return to TRY to help it along!Probably my favorite spot in the Rittenhouse area.  Great wines, love the sidewalk seating, and the food is de-lish.  Personal faves include any one of the bruschettas, beet salad, and my newest fave - the asparagus salad with grilled chicken.  Amazing.
I love being a lady who lunches here.Decided to try Tria based on the exuberant reviews of the truffled egg toast on Yelp.  The egg toast was delicious, and the cheese, calamari, and smoked duck salad were even better.
The service was attentive but not pushy: when we finished off our bread before our cheese, our server noticed brought extra bread before I even noticed we needed it.  
The sausage and lentil dish was slightly too salty for me, but other than that, everything was perfect.  (And, the dish overall was delicious, and the heartiness a nice contrast to the other dishes but without being overpowering.)  
I cannot wait to come back the next time I am in Philly.  Really superb.Great food and service! I have been here several times. Love truffle egg toast most! A good place to hang out with friends in the afternoon.Brie and cherrys AWSOME pairs great with the Montefalco Rosso Antonelli 05. 
Had a great time playing with the flavors of the "snacks" with wine for the wife and beer for me. Shuli was the best ask for her.Went once again last night after grabbing some sushi at Zama. This place is amazing. We had the La Tur cheese which I devoured. My date then ordered the Gouda Romana. It isn't at all to my liking, however that is just a personal preference. My date absolutely loved the Gouda. We received a soiled spoon and they were more than happy to comp the cheese without me having to ask. We finished off with two glasses of wine. The server recommended the Viognier which was delicious. We split a banana panino for dessert. I will continue to recommend Tria for as long as they continue their great service!Had a fantastic dinner - other reviewers were so right about how amazing the truffled egg toast is. Also a wonderful selection of cheeses and wines. Can't wait to go back!Not sure why I have not reviewed Tria since I've been to all of their locations many times, but last week we had a particularly good experience. 
I can't really have wheat and was with a friend who has a lot of food allergies so we are not exactly the easiest to accommodate! However, our server was extremely accommodating, checked on things with the kitchen for us and was the exact level of attentive that I appreciate. Could not have been happier and on top of that had an excellent meal and perfectly poured wine. After so many years they have managed to be quality and also have great staff. The place looks well cared for and I can always count on it. 
The very best thing is that everything is made in house instead of 'assembled' which means that they actually make their salad dressing and do not rely on flavor packets. You'd be surprised how many restaurants cannot say that!Stopped by here just about every time I've visited Philly. It's a beautiful bar and their selection of wine, beer and cheese is top notch. If I lived in Philly I'd definitely make it a point to try everything at least once - their descriptions make it all sound so appealing (I don't know why I stay on their email list - I live so far away that it's torture). Try coming on a Sunday if you can - their Sunday School menu is such a steal! As for the food - I love the lamb sausage and fig salad in particular (that cute truffled egg toast is beautifully prepared but not terribly memorable otherwise). 
I was very impressed with their selection of sour ales - I wish I could remember the name of the one on their Sunday School menu I had recently. Unfortunately I followed that one up with the Cuveé des Jacobins Rouge which I could barely finish - holy hell was that sour! I'm sure there are braver souls than I who would enjoy it but it was way too much for me.I am immensely impressed with this cute little wine bar! This past summer was my first visit to Philadelphia. As a Philly-virgin, I didn't know what to expect. However, I was blown away by the staff's extensive knowledge about both the wines and beers, and food pairings as well. The employees were friendly and jovial and the service was quick.
I was able to explain to my waitress (fairly vaguely) what kind of flavors I enjoy in a wine. She brought out a scrumptious glass of Malbec (taste-wise: exactly what I asked for); my first ever and I have yet to find another Malbec that gets close to it! My boyfriend and I shared a bruschetta plate and a salad. The food was nothing short of amazing and paired great with my wine and my boyfriend's beer. To finalize my love for Tria, one bite into the flourless chocolate espresso cake sent me straight to heaven.
Overall, the restaurant's atmosphere was inviting and welcoming. Great attributes for first-comers. The surrounding neighborhood is quaint with a very laid-back vibe. They have a wide variety of beers, wines, and dishes sure to please any palate! I eagerly await my next visit here and I encourage you all to fall in love with Tria as well!3 words: I Love Tria !
I can't tell you how many times I want to choose another restaurant to fine at when asked where to go enjoy a meal but most of the time I come right back to tria.
there are more locations and I've been to the 12th st location which is just as good and I love that it can be consistent as the others.. That rarely ever happens when you have more than one location of the same small restaurant. 
We enjoyed my favorites 
Truffle mushroom bruschetta- the best combo on a long toasted crostini. 
Lump Crab Stuffed roasted red pepper- served cold in a pesto  olive oil 
Italian meats board which I love all of their thin sliced meats on sliced bread
I had a Brie cheese accompanied w mushroom pate,
The mushroom pate is my absolute favorite; I could eat that on toasted bread all day. 
Some other absolute favorites are truffle toast, bread pudding, and duck saladA MEMORABLE DINNER EXPERIENCE.
I came here about 5 months ago, but my memories and feelings about this place are still as VIVID as ever. The environment looked upscale, classy and romantic with the dim lighting and tea light candles, yet it was very chill, intimate and cozy with the bar stools, bar area, and side tables! The place was small and had limited seating, and it was packed and lively that night! Luckily we found two seats along the side table by the window, and it was crowded. I had to sit very close to my date due to the limited space and lean forward to talk because of the noise, and I really enjoyed that because it gave me a very warm and intimate feeling!! Very romantic too and different from those candle-lit dinners where you sit across from each other.
I forgot the reason, but the kitchen couldn't "cook" any food. The only available foods were salads, cold sandwiches, and appetizers like almonds, chips, and red beets, which were all delicious! Despite of the lack of menu items that night, the food, service, and ambiance were EXCELLENT! 
My date and I got all three appetizers: the red beets, chips, and almonds! They were delicious and nicely flavored/garnished even though they were from the bag. I ordered a salmon salad with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc (which ended up being four glasses). The salmon was not fishy at all! It was broken into small pieces and beautifully blended in with the greens and other tasty ingredients! LOVED it! 
Altogether the bill came out to be about $100, but that's mainly because of the 5-6 glasses of wine! I would suggest that you get wine by the bottle or get drinks elsewhere, or drink there is you don't mind the price!! (FYI, the drinks were more expensive than the food in my case, hah.)THis place was excellent....get the lamb sausage!This place is the perfect bar/restaurant for almost any simply occasion. Drink with the girls? perfect. Date night? perfect. Mother in town? definitely.
Be sure to go on Sundays for their "Sunday School" with a beer, wine and cheese all half off (one per customer).
The only reason this didn't receive 5 stars is that I find their full plate dishes (ie. not apps, cheeses, bruschettas, etc.) to be only so so. The focus of the restaurant is beer, wine, cheese, and small plates. Stick with those.