Came here for lunch with my fiancee and friend, found a small table by the window.  they have a great and varied wine selection.  I got a bubbly and my fiancee got some Italian orange soda.  We got the lamb sausage, potato chips, and crab stuffed peppers as "snacks" then i got the mozzarella with prosciutto bacon bits sandwich which was delicious and savory while being light and healthy. service was prompt and polite.  rustic, intimate, and cozy wine lounge atmosphere with low to medium noise level.  bathroom door lock and handle are kind of confusing to use at first. would definitely recommend for lunch!Yum! This is a great place to go with a few friends to share their delicious and nicely portioned cheese while enjoying a beer from their extensive drink list. 5 stars purely because of how much I loved their cheese selection and appreciated the staff's knowledge of each cheese.  I'd happily go back although this is not a place I'd go to have inexpensive drinks.Tria's employees are very knowledgeable about the selection of beers and wines they offer. This is probably why I look forward to going to Tria. This location has outside seating during the warmer months and is a real treat if you can get a table out there. It always seems to be busy, which is a good thing. I've never had any of the food items at Tria, because the real treat here are the drinks.both locations deserve 5 stars but my favorite location is in rittenhouse . I love the atmosphere :) 
Getting a tria card is well worth the small fee its a great way to keep track of the different wines, beers and cheese.  Sign up for the email lists as well they will keep you in the know of all the happenings going on during the week. 
Tria has great staff , fantastic cheeses, wines and beers from all over the world.Was wandering the streets of Philly and came across this restaurant.  Realizing I hadn't eaten all day I stopped off to grab a sandwich.  I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere and the staff was amazing and friendly.  
Sitting alone enjoying the view, a glass of proseco, and my amazing turkey sandwich; the staff checked in and offered light banter.  
Very impressed and highly recommend.My only hesitation to write this review is that it's almost trendy to review Tria, but the biz shouldn't be punished for it... 
My mistake is I passed by this place so many times thinking I should stop in, especially since it's packed, but figured the alcohol would be overpriced and food would be an expensive art project, at best. I was wrong. 
Rarely do you stop at a place like this. I've been twice and both visits were everything I'd want for a nice, casual dining experience. The first time I went we were the only ones outside (it looked like it was going to rain... and it did). The servers offered to reseat us immediately but we actually opted to sit outside and watch the rain. Everything was covered so it wasn't like our server got drenched coming to our table. I had a salmon sandwich, she had a salad and we shared a cheese plate. Everything was portioned and presented very well. The wine and beer they recommend went with the lunch nicely - we had a great time, so we came back a month later. This visit was equally enjoyable. We sat at the sleek bar for a drink before being shown to our table. I feel this spot is the perfect W. Washington Square casual experience coupled with it's nearby neighbor Varga for the rowdier experience.We came here for dinner on the recommendation of a friend of a friend, who loves it and has been here multiple times.  We liked the idea of ordering a bunch of small plates to share.  It didn't disappoint--everything was delicious and lovingly presented.  We ended up ordering the goat cheese and basil bruschetta (mild but tasty); figs stuffed with blue cheese and served over prosciutto (rich and pungent); calimari (which I didn't try); fennel sausage (tender and flavorful); two of the cheeses (one was an amazing triple creme; can't remember the other one); and the chocolate torte.  The cheeses (which are listed on a separate part of the menu--make sure not to overlook them!) are served with sliced bread and are paired with various toppings.  Ours came with fresh honey and some kind of tapenade.       
It's somewhat pricey but not exorbitant, which we had anticipated.  The bill came to $80 for five small plates, a cheese board with two cheeses, and two glasses of wine (i.e., a moderate amount of food for dinner for two people).  You could obviously tweak this depending on your appetite, your budget, or your mood.  It would be a great place to just drop in for a snack. 
We ate at one of the cafe tables on the sidewalk, which made for a really pleasant evening.  The service was good but was attentive to the point of being slightly overbearing.  But on the whole this was a very fine meal.  Thank you!I am a frequent Sunday School attendee and Wash West is my location of choice. The staff is amazing, the selection is perfect. 
With so many options being available in Philadelphia and so many new places to try, I am still always going to return to Tria regularly. Great beers, cheeses, wine, food, service, everything. Perfect for any time of the day or occasion.This review is strictly of the food. I do plan to come back for wine, though. I ordered the garlic rosemary chips. Although they were only $2, I expected a little more. There were about as many chips as you would find in a lays snack pack! The rosemary was very strong, but I like rosemary so I didn't mind. My friend had the pesto bruschetta. If you love pesto, this is the snack for you. It came with two very small pieces of bread with a small amount of goat cheese but absolutely loaded with pesto. The stuff was dripping off. My friend actually had to take some off because it was overwhelming. The atmosphere at Tría is nice and the staff are relatively friendly. If you're coming for wine and cheese I am sure the experience will be more exciting.Ate on a Saturday around 2 PM - since it was a later lunch there were tons of available tables, which was nice. 
Apple Tree Goat Cheese with Basil Pesto Bruschetta - SO good. This one was my favorite of the two we tried.
Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey Bruschetta - this was my husbands favorite bruschetta - it was also very good!
Roasted Beet Salad - loved it. There was A LOT of goat cheese, so if you don't care for it as much, then ask for them to go light on it. I love goat cheese myself, so it worked out well. It was light, but there was enough to make lunch filling.
Claudio Mozzarella Sandwich - 4/5 stars - really tasty. He thinks it would have been better if the prosciutto weren't crispy since he felt it lost some of its flavor. 
Flourless Chocolate Torta - a good end to the meal. Not TOO much - just enough for two people! 
This was probably our favorite meal we had in Philadelphia and would definitely recommend!Very nice dining experience! I loved almost every dish we ordered. Artichoke salad is the best!!! I would love to come back :) Yes, I am not just a Chinese food fan, also an Italian food lover lolThe staff is nice and very friendly, but the wine selection is not the best and the food is not something you would order again. Nothing really stood out. This place has nothing good unique to offer.I spent two years in Philadelphia for graduate school and Tria was by far my favorite place in the whole city!  I strongly suggest getting one of their membership cards, which offers rewards for frequenting the establishment (such as a $50 gift card). 
Tria has a great happy hour (5-7) which offers different lists of wine, beer, and cheese at discounted prices. My friends and I always ordered food from there menu and we loved EVERYTHING! I especially love the asparagus salad with white beans, beets with feta cheese, and their lavender pistachio honey drizzled bruschetta.  Their lemon square dessert is amazing as well!   Their menu does change seasonally throughout the year, which I think is nice.  Their variety of wine, beer, and food offers guests a chance to try new items every visit.
You cannot get reservations at Tria, but they have a decent turn over for smaller groups.  It is more difficult to go with a large group of people, but if you are willing to split up into smaller groups it is well-worth the wait!Great wine bar to people watch and enjoy a day or night out!  Take your girlfriends or a date.I mostly go here for Sunday School and the 5 for $5 happy hour. Good stop for a Sunday Funday.
The wine and beers I have tried here have been pretty delicious, one stand out being a wine with hints of blueberry and white pepper, I wish I could remember the name!
The food here is good and reasonably priced, cheeses are paired with simple but delicious accompaniments. Standouts include the arugula salad with beets and goat cheese, and a white bean and artichoke panino.
Tria is a good place for a low key date or hang out with a friend.Food:
The best selection of bruschetta.  My favorite is the goat cheese and pesto unfortunately for some reason they took that off the menu - which I'd like to go on record as saying I am upset about that.  My second favorite (which is still on the menu) is the Pistachio herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey.  Tria's food is on the lighter side.  Usually when I go with someone else we load up on brushetta and cheese and split a panino.  One of my favorites is the Smoked Chicken panino.  During happy hour they have good beer specials.  If you don't feel like drinking while you there I recommend the passionberry iced tea.  It's bottomless - can't beat that.
Service:
I've been here countless times and never had a problem with the service.  Everyone is nice and the food comes out quickly.
Ambiance:
It depends which one you go to.  The one around 13th is bigger and has nice heated outside seating.  The one at 17th and sansom is smaller and since you can't make a reservation you have to get there before 5 to get a table.  The inside are both are basically the same.  Hardwood floors and a nice bar.  Candle at the table.  It can get a bit loud but other than that it's a nice place to eat.Tria was a fun place for a bottle of wine and some cheese.  I would definitely recommend it as a relaxing place to unwind with friends after a work day.I think I might even like this Tria a smidge better than the Rittenhouse location, after sitting in the litlte upstairs section which had much more breathing space than the smaller 19th St spot. The waitress we had was as good as ones we've had in previous locations: super cheerful, adorable, and prompt at checking on drinks and clearing away the plates.
We went today to check out Pliny the Younger, and while the ensuing scene was a little chaotic (maybe drink tickets would have been easier?) with two lines on either side of the store, they did the best they could, letting in 10 people at a time until the restaurant was filled. We were worried about our friend, who was running late and doesn't like beer, not being allowed in, but she had no problems after letting the host know we were waiting for her.
The food was also delicious. We all shared the Asturian Blue cheese which was nicely complimented by a blackberry sauce, I had the wild mushroom sandwich which had a lovely lemony flavor, my boyfriend had the three cheese sandwich (which I have ordered before and is quite good), and our friend had the truffled egg toast, which we have also tried before and is one of the standout starter items.
All in all, I have yet to be disappointed by an experience at a Tria in either location, even with these crazy extenuating circumstances!To die for. Fabulous service and even better food. Totally delicious.Lovely wine selection and complementary food...some hit and an occasional miss. Good service depending on who you get. I could become a regular here if the music wasn't so darn loud that you couldn't bring anyone you really want to talk to or if you just wanted to from, eat and read. Not a place for any of that!what to do on a snowy day in philly?  go to tria!  this place is wonderful - the food is delicious, the drink list is great and the service is pleasant.  i can't comment on the atmosphere, because i was there at noon during a snowstorm, so no one else was in sight...  but, the smoked chicken panino and the banana caramel desert panino are SOO good.Road-trip thru philly, found this on yelp, tried it and we're very glad we did! We both got the smoked duck salad, and split the rapini bruschetta and white bean dip, accompanied by Peeper ale.  Everything was wonderful, just as the other reviewers said. We thought it couldn't get any better, when they brought out the lemon blueberry panna cotta - pure heaven!  Next time we go thru philly THIS is where we'll be stopping.I go here when happy hour girlfriends request a wine night. 
(and it is a busy week in the city so you won't get a table on 18th)
Good food and drinks. Average high cost for a center city dig. I always find the service hit-or-miss like good-or-pretentious. I can easily drown myself in cheese so all can be forgiven.This place is so good just thinking about it makes me want to splooj. Seriously I can't imagine a place that satisfies all my needs like this place. The manager justin always greets me with a warm smile and a hearty beard. Why would you go anywhere else to entertain a guest or yourself? I don't know. One time I pronounced Chardonnay with a hard "ch" and no one even blinked an eye, so don't be shy order what you want!Holy crow is this place fantastic!
Great balance of nice wines and beers on tap, with interesting and unique beer and cheese selections. I always take people here when I want to celebrate. The duck salad with a one of their lovely full bodied reds is just heaven. The salome plate is also great if you're looking to try a bunch of little things without breaking the bank.
I'm usually off put by the frufru places, but this place somehow manages to be frufru but casually welcoming at the same time? Yeah, it's mostly bougie yuppies here, but they made me, a kinda grungy 20-something hipster and my friends, feel fairly comfortable, considering the aforementioned bougie surroundings. 
Overall a fantastic experience and, most importantly, totally and completely blown away by the food and drink.When you need a glass of wine over lunch to relieve your hectic mid-week morning, this is great place to be.  Simple but well created dishes, and good recommendation for wine from the staff. 
The chicken sandwich over chilled wine certainly helped me today.Tria opened this past weekend, and my buddy and I decided to give it a try.  We arrived around 7 pm on Wednesday and were seated immediately at a unique table with a coffee table for food.  it was noted that it was just a seating area, but we didn't care eating off of a coffee table and took the spot.
Their drink menu was on an ipad mini, which was pretty sleek. They showed you descriptions of the beer as well as how much of the keg was left. Apparently if your drink kicks the keg (i.e. empties it) you get that portion of beer for free. So there could be some gamesmanship if you like as well.
They had a ton of beers and one of the ones i tried Freigeist Abraxxxas was REALLY good, complex, and generally didn't taste like beer. quite good.  My friend recommended it and the waitress was impressed with my choice, so yeah, good call buddy.
We had the wings and mussels to start, wings were really good with the citrus kick and cilantro.  Unfortunately, the mussels were really salty.  likely due to reduction of the broth? or perhaps just tht was supposed to be the way it was supposed to be to pair with beer, but really, WAY too salty.
The flatbreads were pretty good. the duck flatbread was ok, but i really liked the philly roast pork one.  Overall, a great experience!Excellent food, great beer selection, superb & very helpful staff. Highly recommended!I was in town for a Bat Mitzvah, and my brother and I had a few hours to kill. We went and visited my grandmother's old apartment on Chestnut street and then we just started walking around. We literally walked almost the entire city, ok maybe a little help with a cab, and eventually found our way to Tria. It was perfect. It was a lazy Monday afternoon and ended up getting a few drinks and appetizers and cheese plates. It was really a good time. Next time I make my way back to Philly I will make a point of it to bring my wife and enjoy a glass of wine.My absolute favorite spot in the city to visit when my girlfriends come into town. The atmosphere is charming, and intimate enough for a date. The menu offers an excellent variety of sammies and salads, and a wonderful assortment of cheeses. They pair their cheese brilliantly with different honey and berry spreads, as well. I also enjoy indulging with an order of their house-made chips and rosemary aioli as I peruse the rest of the menu.
The service has always been terrific and extremely personable. The servers are very knowledgeable of their menu and their wine offerings. I have never been disappointed in any of my choices, possibly because I rely on their outstanding recommendations. It's really convenient that they categorize the wine into sections such as, "Sociable Reds, Funky Reds, etc..." Every time I've ordered food, I've been very pleased. The only time I did not completely enjoy my salad was a fault of my own. I ordered the smoked salmon salad, but apparently I missed the "smoked" part in the description due to one too many glasses of wine. The smoky taste was exhausting after the first few bites, and truly overpowered the entrée. I think they've actually changed this to a roasted salmon, which I'm sure is delightful. 
Tria will always remain a staple setting for my most fun evenings with my girlfriends, even if one of us always manages to lock ourselves in the bathroom on the first floor every single time.Hidden gem !! 
Starting with my extra foam cappuccino , paired nicely with my Warm Poached Black Mission Figs, and finishing with my perfectly toasted Prosciutto Cotto Sandwich!!! Perfect crunch on every bite ! Would've given them a 5 star rating but the service was okay .
Other than that highly recommendMy boyfriend and I stopped in to Tria this past weekend and sat outside. It was a beautiful day and we had a wonderful experience. Justin was our server and we were impressed with his knowledge and ability to choose a selection of cheeses and pair them with a red and a white wine. We like wine and cheese but are no experts, so we left the decisions up to Justin. He didn't let us down. We can't wait to go back and let Justin do the ordering for us, and try new wines and cheeses.Delicious food, extensive wine list and wonderful employees make this one of my favorite places to go for a quick bite or lunch meeting.After a horrible situation with another restaurant messing up our seating arrangements and waiting over an hour for, we came here as backup. Arrived here on 9/4/2016 around 7pm. 
Food option is limited to basically sandwiches on this Sunday night. Primarily good for cheese and wine option. Me and another person sat at the counter where we get to see people prepare the cheese and other products. However, the reason it is 3 stars is because we observed the behind the counter employees (4 at the time) touching ready to eat food items with their bare hands. Food code regulations state that they are not allowed to have bare hand contact with ready to eat food items. Even though their hands and employee hygiene appeared to be visually clean, not once did we see them wash their hands while fully grabbing the bread and cheese with their hands. Every public health official knows that washing hands can eliminate as much as approximately 80% of bacteria/diseases on their hands. 
As for the quality and taste of the food itself, they were superb and the service/staff was very courteous and approachable. 
----------------------------------------------
UPDATE (9/5/2016)
Owner reached out to me immediately. He was very professional in regards to the response and plans on rectifying the matter immediately. Bumped up to 4 stars, as a review is not just associated with the facility and food products, but proper management as well.I reviewed the Tria in Rittenhouse and gave 4 stars. This Tria, hello! 5 stars!  The food is always worth 5 stars, in both locations. But this location in Washington square west is much more spacious and way less crowded. There's plenty of outdoor seating also!  In love with Tria. Always amazing food, unique small plates that blow away your tastebuds, rare craft beers, large selection of cheeses, and oh yeah, it's a wine bar!?  I go for the beer though :-)   And I can seriously eat every item on the menu they are all as equally delicious.  
Thanks Tria for rocking my world. Can't wait for the new beer bar to open this fall!!I lovelovelove this place.  The cheeses are out of this world good, and so is the rest of the food.  My one complaint, of course, is the wine prices.  I love to hang around and drink loads of wine with my cheese but at $8.50-$11 a glass, cheapest, it can get expensive after a while.  But having that said, I'd go here every night of the week if I was rich!Love Tria.  I keep trying to branch out, since this place is a block from my apt and I feel like it's almost too easy, but it really is fantastic.  The service is always impeccable, the wine selection is always interesting with a range of styles and prices and great, accurate descriptions, and the apps/small plates are excellent accompaniments to the wines.  You can get snacks for $2.50, which I haven't seen anywhere else in the city, and they're fresh and fantastic.  The staff can steer you towards the perfect match with your wine or beer, and you cannot beat the happy hour deals.Great casual place to get food & drinks. This was the first place that my girlfriend and I went on a date and it has failed to disappoint. Unpretentious, good food, and good beers & wine. Dining out side is recommended (depending on the time of year) and the staff is polite & helpful. I almost hesitate writing a good review because I want it to remain a secret.This is my favorite wine bar in the city! The staff is extremely helpful and the food is great too! I love that they update their menu frequently!Having only been to the one on Rittenhouse Sq. once, I still feel fine saying that this Wash West location trumps it.  This place is FAB both for dinner, snacks, and after-dinner drinks, catering to nearly any taste.
1) The DRINK SELECTION is phenomenal.  If you're a beer drinker, don't fear it being second to wine at this wine bar.  We're talking serious bottle list and 6-7 drafts!!  Glasses all the appropriate size and shape, not kept cold, and beer the absolute perfect temperature for tasting.  Not bad prices either!!  Last time I was here I had the Russian River Damnation, which you'll be pressed to find at any other bars in the city.  Second - the wine!!  It's both annoying and clever at the same time that they don't organize the list by country, but their descriptions are witty enough to make up for it.  The bartenders will always steer you in the right direction if you don't know what to get; I recommend the Malbec they serve.
2) ATMOSPHERE.  You'll have trouble finding a cozier place than here during the warmer months when the walls are opened to allow both outdoor and indoor seating.  Dim lighting, slick copper bar, nice variety of people all enjoying themselves, rich and inviting decor.  I've spent hours here at a time and it never gets old.
3) Finally, the food.  Great cheese selection as I'm sure you can tell by the other reviews - reasonably priced, aptly presented with all the right   accompaniments.  Also, the bruschetta!!  Out of control.  I usually come after dinner so I haven't had anything more substantial, but whoever writes that damned Tria menu makes me salivate each time.
Bottom line - pay it a visit!This place would've been more had it not been for the attentionless server we were unfortunate enough to receive.
Having just driven a few hours in a car from FI/Brooklyn/etc when we arrived at this place the only thing I really wanted right away was a glass of water.  Looking around every table had water, so I didn't expect that I needed to order glasses of water.  Instead we ordered glasses of Cava and a few cheeses...  Our wine and cheese came, but no water.  I finally asked him for some. What is this, Europe?  And it's not like every other table there didn't have their own glasses of water, they did, and I doubt even that half of them had to "order" water. 
Didn't try much of the food, just cheese.  It was good.
Our server seemed like a nice guy.. to others.  To us we were lucky to get a word in other than to add to our order.  I don't know where his too cool for you attitude came from, I think he had us pegged as tourists as soon as we sat down.  Which we were.  But that doesn't make us idiots.Went on a Saturday night, not too crowded but definitely busy. Ordered three different types of bruschetta. Still can't decide which one was best! Great wine selection also. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants for drinks and small plates!Great place for a date and such a romantic bar for the wine. Lots of varieties of cheese and snacks.Craft beer, boutique wines, artisan cheese and a seasonal menu of small bites and heartier sandwiches all served by one of the best trained staff in the city (plus multiple locations). Seriously, what else do you need?!Favorite, favorite, favorite place in Philly, hands down. Been there three different times now and each time has been pleasurable and cheap.
Bruschettas are hand-licking good - have tried the caramalized onion, truffled mushroom, garlic and pesto, pistachio + honey, and the brie + cherries ones. All are good but my faves are the garlic and pesto and the pistachio + honey.
I always get the Three Cheese and Tomato Panino to split which is a good sized portion if you're splitting between two people. It comes with a side salad as well. Finally, the sweets are to *die* for; try the banana and mascarpone panino -- it's different and surprisingly good.
I'll always be a fan of this place. Love.I love wine, so this is a favorite spot for me.  I have met a date many times here during happy hour for a glass of wine (or more), accompanied by some classy appetizers.  If you're a fan of wine and cheese, this is the spot for you.  I never have a full dinner here, but it's a great place to sip a glass of wine, have delicious fancy snacks, and chat with friends. The atmosphere is hip.  When you get a two person table, it also has a romantic and intimate vibe, which makes it good for a date.  Highly recommended!After standing in the line that was out the door for Barbuzzo for 20 minutes, we decided to come here instead. And that was perhaps the best decision of the night!
The atmosphere here was much more calm and relaxed compared to other "famous" restaurants in the area and the food was just as delicious! We got the "Truffled Egg Toast" (a must get if you are here!) and "Apple Tree Goat Cheese with Basil Pesto Bruschetta". Definitley recommend both of them in a heartbeat!
We ordered all of their dessert. It was a good combination of warm/cold dessert. My favorite was the brioche bread pudding.Get the cote de Rhone
This is an adorable little wine bar, with reasonable prices on some great wines. I chose to down two delicious glasses of the cote de rhone blend which more than satisfied my wine tooth. I would recommend stopping here for a mid shopping spree wine because it is a nice place to see and talk.Love tria.  Great food great service.  I come here almost every Sunday afternoon.  It can get very crowded sometimes.  I had all the food on the menu.  Yes I really did.  All good. Try everything.  I love Sunday school I get to try the feature cheese, feature wine and feature beer for half priced. (first order).   See you on Sunday.1. Food is yummy -- delicious small plates - big enough for two to share each dish
2. Service very nice and attentive
3. A little tight, you may be overhearing your neighbor's conversation but some may consider it cozy
Definitely worth a try. I will be back!First al fresco dining day of the year - selected Tria over Varga for a late brunch.  Service, while a little slow, was overall fine, until 3/4 of the way through our meal, when some heavy metal clipboards were accidentally dumped onto my left shoulder from a shelf 3 feet in the air behind me (ouch), leaving me with swollen and bruised left shoulder.
Now, understandably, accidents will happen, and our server apologized several times. However, in my experience, if a paying customer is excessively spilled on or accidentally injured(!), it is typically good customer service for the manager to offer a small 'mea culpa' of sorts  - perhaps pick up my cup of coffee or my bottle of Pellegrino?  Nothing, which suprised me for a place I once considered a quality establishment.  
I found this to reflect very poorly on the 13th St. Tria and I probably won't return.  Its a shame because I've been going to the Rittenhouse location for years and loved it.
-----------------------------------------
Update: Upping to four stars.   Tria's very gracious owner saw my Yelp rewiew and made the kind offer of a gift card (which is actually way better than a coffee or Pellegrino  :-)  A lovely gesture in making things right.
I'm so glad to know that Tria is still the great place I've always loved.  Thank you Tria - we will be back!!Would have been better but overcrowded was not how I wanted to start the night.  Saying that we grabbed a seat at the bar, had a glass of wine each and shared a starter (crostini with goat cheese and a homemade pesto).  Very nice.  A good way to start the evening but nothing special.  
Special was my companion for the evening.  Sugar was on my arm yet again for another shot at best date ever.....read the other review from this night to see if we achieved itHow have I not reviewed Tria yet? This is definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. I've been to all 3 of the locations, but I seem to frequent Washington Square West most often. It's a great place to unwind after work ($5 wines 5-7), catch up with girlfriends Saturday afternoon, or have a date night. The servers are very knowledgeable and attentive. The food is delicious, especially the grilled asparagus salad and, of course, any dish with cheese. Do I even have to comment on the wines? I always leave in a good mood wanting to come back for more!When I want to treat myself to some luxury (Will Ferrell voice).... I take myself over to Tria. It's my safe little haven of glorious wine. I haven't indulged in their selection of cheeses yet, but I certainly will soon. The staff is also really friendly, knowledgable and helpful. I'm actually going to Tria tonight...I can't wait!The only way I could afford this place on a semi-regular basis is during their happy hour, which features five different items for just $5 each from 5-7 pm. Two wines, two beers and a cheese plate. Lovely.
A friend and I shared a few things. A cheese plate, which was served with prosciutto, high quality olive oil and bread, followed by a small plate of figs and gorgonzola. The figs were smaller and tougher than I had hoped- they seemed previously dried, not fresh. An artichoke panino came next, which we subbed goat cheese for instead of feta- delicious. We wrapped up our meal with another sandwich- dessert, this time. I recommend the caramel, banana and marscapone cheese panino over anything else on the menu. Mmm...The staff here couldn't be better. So knowledgeable and always make sure I get a wine that I will love! Whether you know exactly what you want to drink or want to be adventurous this is the place for you! Amazing happy hour too!Came here with my partner after a day of traveling. We had a Groupon deal for this place and it definitely exceeded my expectations (Groupon Now can be a bit of a crapshoot). It seemed like it could get pretty busy, but we were lucky to be seated outdoors right away. Tria has well-arranged sidewalk seating. Our server was attentive without being up my ass (which I hate). The wine and beer list are excellent and very reasonably priced. We had some bruschetta, a brie cheese, and a flourless chocolate cake, all of which were yummy (although the bruschetta is a bit overpriced for what you get). I will definitely be back here when I'm in town next. I know that if I lived in the nabe, it would be a staple.Ok I am a Tria DEVOTEE. I love the wine (try the Riesling Kabinett), I love the cheese, I love the happy hour and the Sunday School specials. I'm pretty sure I have eaten the entire menu over the course of the last year. The service is also amazing. Recently, we've been buying the $8 for $15 Groupons, which is a great deal. I have also found them to be very responsive in the rare instance that I have had a complaint or issue.Great spot for a nice glass of wine and some small bites.  They have a fantastic wine list and the small bites are always delicious.  It always has a great vibe, but is not loud so it is a great place to meet a few friends and actually be able to talk.  Always happy meeting people at Tria.This is a great place to go for happy hour after work, or for a drink before going to a show, or just to hang out on the weekend before you go dancing somewhere.
They have a great selection of beers and wines. Great tapas, extensive list of cheeses, and really nice atmosphere. Also, servers are very attentive and helpful if you need to pair a tapa with a beer or a glass of wine.
They have an event calendar with wine tasting activities, wine classes and the Sunday school, where you get to try a different cheese, wine and beer.
Downside is that, because so many people like this place, it can get really crowded. There are two locations though, Rittenhouse and the one in Spruce. During the summer you can sit outdoors.This place was AMAZING. I was in town for a conference and had just finished business stuff. My partner and I went to the Liberty Bell and then wanted a nice brunch - and wow am I glad we went here.
Excellent wine selection first off - I loved the boutique choices on the menu. Our server was astounding - attentive to the correct degree, personable and happy to provide recommendations/pairings with our orders. We opted to order several small plates and share.
First - Poached Black Mission Figs - so savory and delicious! And I'm not even a big blue cheese fan, but these were perfect. Then we had two of the Bruchettas - Truffled Mushroom with Fontina and Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries. Both were really tasty and paired well with the wines recommended by the server. The only potential downside here is that they were fairly simple in construction - we could easily recreate this at home. Then we had the Smoked Duck and Spinach Salad which was just delightful. Again, I'm not the biggest pistachio fan, but they really did add something special to this salad. Finally, we split the Warm Apple Bread Pudding which was a lovely taste of fall.
Unlike some of the other trendy places we visited in Philly, we never felt rushed -- so many other spots the staff seemed like they were just trying to turn over your table. This place was exactly what we were looking for - a quiet spot where we could relax and take our time enjoying brunch. I'd highly recommend it and will make a point to visit again when I'm in the area.Great place to stop by for a quick delicious snack & wine. My boyfriend and I enjoyed coming here. The service was great as well. Nice place nice food & nice people !!The various Tria locations are all great, and this one - perhaps the original Tria? - is perhaps my favorite, being a bit more roomy compared to the Tria West. Seating upstairs provides a somewhat quieter area. I recommend getting in a bit early, as the place does fill up. Incredible wines and beers, as well as the food (tapas size) selections. On a recent visit, our server, Jill, confidently recommended the Avec les bons Vœux de la brasserie Dupont - she was right! I'll try to get back while they still have it. For snacks, we enjoyed the white bean spread and a cheese selection. The very attentive staff brought more bread as we worked through what was first served. On a more recent visit, the mushroom with Fontina toast was excellent, very simple, yet really satisfying. And may I say that NOT having a TV was an excellent decision by the owners.Great wine bar!  They have an awesome cheese, beer and wine menu.  Service was fantastic and intimate ambiance.  Our waitress was super helpful in suggesting things to try.  The Russian River beer = killer.  We nibbled on creamy goat cheese while sipping glasses of crisp white wine.  Nice little Saturday.In Tria We Trust. I have yet to be disappointed with any dish or beverage here. Always fresh and full of flavor - highly recommend the bruschetta: Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey (though may work best as a dessert rather than appetizer).
Staff is extremely knowledgeable, ask any and all questions - better yet, tell them what you're looking for and take them up on their suggestions!I cannot say enough about this place.  Thanks first to Yelp for helping me find this place.  I glanced through the reviews and saw the good, the bad, the ugly and decided that this would be a good place for us to try on our last night in town.
They make amazing use of their space and the restaurant is smartly decorated and furnished.  The music played over head was not too familiar indie songs, the type you would hear on Public Radio or a good College Radio station.  Very nice atmosphere.
The servers were uber-attentive.  I cannot say too much about how they were always there to take care of us, even with a full house.  My friend felt they were hovering, but whenever they came by, she needed something, so I would have to say their timing was just right. Be prepared to be taken care of here. 
The food was amazing.  The Smoked Duck Salad was absolutely fabulous.  My friend was incredibly taken with the Beet Salad.  We arrived at the beginning of happy hour and took part in the wine and cheese plate.  We also ventured off to other cheese plates that were available and found the 5 Spoke Creamery Tumbleweed to be delightful.  
For dessert, the Flourless Chocolate Cake was delightful with the a sweet cherry sauce.  A nice finish to our dinner...and Tria was a great finish to our visit to Philadelphia.Most of my paycheck goes to this place. Maybe it's because I live half a block away, maybe it's because the happy hour is great, maybe it's because I'm addicted to their chilled calamari...whatever it is, I'm hooked. It's the perfect spot for a solo date or a real date. Great location, the staff is attentive/personable and the food is always delicious.Came Friday with the lovely Eva H and dragged the boyfriend over the next evening.  Both times, I ordered one of the delectable cheese platters and was far from disappointed.   The warm figs with Gorgonzola and prosciutto were  divine.  All three whites I've tried there were excellent and complemented the cheeses perfectly.  Impeccable service, classy but unpretentious atmosphere, and very reasonable prices to boot.  My only regret is that I stayed at the Alexander Inn across the street several times prior to moving to Philly, and not once did I have the sense to visit Tria.Boy do I love this place! I started going here before it got popular but it is still amazing and worth the wait. Great beer and wine selection, the food is perfect (light fair like sandwiches and salads, cheese, and bruschetta - which you must try!). Great to hang out on Sunday as well - check out Sunday school!!Consistently fantastic service, great food and wine. I never have trouble getting a table and their happy hour deals are great. Highly recommend.Always a great experience, friendly folks, good for date night. Decent wine and beer prices.I've walked past Tria many times and I've noticed that it's always packed with people. Based on how the establishment looked, I assumed that it was far too fancy for me. Fortunately my friend took me there and I realized that I was quite mistaken. It's always packed because it's an amazing place with very reasonably priced food and drinks. They have a variety of small plates of cheese and elevated snacks that are easy to share with a few people.the waitress was very nice and explained many of the dishes to us. I was there late at night and it was perfect place to relax and wind down the night with some wine and cheese. Would definitely recommend to all!Noisy and crowded but otherwise (assuming you don't like that -- maybe you do!) extremely nice.  We started with an excellent mushroom soup.  The mushrooms, seasoning, and croutons were all perfect.  
I had the turkey sandwich, which I didn't plan to eat all of but I did.  Then we had a brownie Sunday for dessert -- excellent!!  I forget what my husband's main course was, but the waiter helped him with a beer selection, letting him taste two beers to pick one to drink.  He enjoyed his beer very much.We were visiting in town and decided to meet a friend here.  What a great choice! I neither love wine nor beer, but this place has such a friendly list of both.  I chose the Nascetta Langhe Blanco Rivetto. My God, no nasty after taste, now I know why people love wine...all those boxed wines in college really gave me a bad intro to wine.  My husband ordered the Yards Brawler, and we are so glad we are moving to Philly soon, because this beer was so smooth and drinkable.  They compare it to Bud Light I think in the menu, but that is almost offensive. I hate bud light, love Yards Brawler.  I must say that the best part of the menu are the descriptions of each selection.  They were really helpful especially since neither of us know much about wine or beer.
Now to the cheese selection.  I may not love beer and wine, but I do love cheese.  We selected three bruschetta: goat cheese & pesto, ricotta with honey and pistachio, and classic caprese.  What great combinations of flavors, I wish I could replicate them in my own kitchen.  We also ordered a the asparagus and white bean salad; it was huge and light, great for summer. My husband ordered the flourless chocolate cake with mascarpone...absolutely delicious! 
Our server was very slow to initially take our order.  It was very busy when we arrived. Service could be more attentive.  
The atmosphere was modern but cozy.  The music play list was a great mix of alternative rock, which I thoroughly appreciate.Friendly staff and service. Wine selection is large and selective. Low key and relaxed for a date, catch up or just some good friends. Would recommend to those looking for a good time, spending sharp.LOVE Tria,,,,just the other location better. I've been to both locations a handful of times. Perhaps our waitress was just having a really really bad day but she was extremely unhelpful when we requested help selecting a cheese plater.  She was very short with us and looked just plain miserable. What a shame! Looks like i'll be going back to the Tria at rittenhouse more often. Guess this waitress never learned customer service skills :(Fabulous wine and beer selection. Very knowledgeable servers. Great events. I always am happy with whatever new drink I try. Food's pretty good too.For a vinophile living in Philly, Tria is true love. 
Happy hour wine specials are just ok... BUT the cheese specials are great!Returned recently with my momma bear for lunch, and the experience was consistent with my first one. Amazing service and even better food. We opted for the marinated olives, tuna sandwich, and truffled mushroom sandwich, and everything was delicious and filling!Great staff, great wine selection (with fun descriptions on the menus), great atmosphere. I love to come here for happy hour