Great place!  Delicious flatbreads and fun atmosphere.  Very crowded when we went (~7:30pm on a Thursday night), but we were seated within 15 minutes.  May be tricky with larger groups, but a fun place to go on a date or with a friend.I love you Tria Taproom. Your service is excellent and your flatbreads are delicious. Will you marry me? 
Came here with Elaine M. for happy hour and was so happy with the experience.  Went sharesies with my gal pal with two veggie flatbreads.  The Kennett Square and the Burrata.  Magnificent. 
The Kennett Square had fontina, wild mushrooms, zucchini, red onion, truffle puree   and the Burrata had mozzarella, provolone, garlic spinach, balsamic onion, and lemon zest.  It was hard to pick a favorite so I am glad we ordered both. If you are a vegetarian, meat lover, or a Friday-during-Lent-Catholic- you will be happy you ordered these.Came here to catch up with a friend and from the moment I entered to the moment I left, I was so surprised and impressed at how polite all the staff was! It's a pretty small space and can easily be crowded because of that fact, so be mindful of that. A lot of the other reviews state that they really like the iPads. Unfortunately, I wasn't one of those people. I think there's just this feeling about holding a menu instead of a digital device, but it is cool that they tell you the amount of beer that's left in the keg.
I would say the best bang for your buck to get is the flatbread. My friend who was "so hungry" couldn't manage to eat the whole thing, so I gladly helped myself to the Parma. The calamari is a guaranteed plate cleaner of a dish! It is a bit expensive, so if you're trying to impress a date you should take them there. Just know that you may not be able to hear them because not only is it a bit loud, but it is also a place great for people watching.Great beer selection, and I especially liked the iPad menu (technically it's not an iPad, but you get the idea), which indicates, among other things, when a particular item is about to kick ... last call! Great place for an after-work beer or to stop in for a beer before heading out to meet friends for dinner. Excellent service. The last few visits, I haven't tried any food items, but I'm sure the food meets the usual high standards of the other Tria locations.I came to the Tria Taproom on two different occasions and it's a great alternative menu to the original Tria locations. 
The restaurant space is sleek and modern even down to the menus (the drink menus are on iPad minis). Instead of a selection of meat and cheeses the food menu has a hearty selection of filling small plats and flatbreads. I got the tavern ham for lunch and it was AMAZING. I am still thinking about it, four days later.Love the beer, the atmosphere, the service, the I-pad beverage list  and most of the food. Came here for PBW featuring  5 $5 Pizza Boy beers + 1/2 price flatbreads.
The Burrata flatbread let me down. Very bland, and the crust was just so -so. It did not look at all like the photos, nor taste as described. Very little spinach - garlic(couldn't taste ANY garlic), the balsamic onions were basically non - existent; as was the lemon zest. Maybe I ordered the wrong kind, as the folks next to me were raving about their ham, duck, & breakfast ones. I prefer the flatbreads @ Earth Bread & Brewery. Glad they were1/2 price at least!The food here was phenomenal. We live about an hour away and decided to head into Philly for a Sunday meal.  On the way my girlfriend found this place and it just sounded amazing. We found the place easily and there is a parking lot right across the intersection. We walked in and the place had absolutely no wait which was awesome seeing as I thought it would have been very busy on a Sunday afternoon.  We ordered the cheese curds which may have been some of the best I've ever had. Also ordered the Kenner square flatbread which too was amazing. It had an nice spicy flavor at the end of each bite. Lastly we got the Cuban. That was another out of this world sandwich. We also decided to go with the dessert which was a strawberry shortcake. This was a perfect finish to a great meal. 
They had a great selection of beers as well. We tried most of them during our meal. Place is very neat and clean. Service was great. Personally I really enjoy small plates so you don't overeat and these sizes were perfect. I will definitely be back for another visit. This time I hope to get back and get a crowler of beer seeing as this time I was not able to make it back before we had to leave.This review is for the lunch service at Tria. My girlfriend and I were warmly greeted just past opening time for lunch. As we were seated I noticed a modern but rustic feel to the place. Service gets an A+. Nick made sure our glasses were never below half full and was well spoken, polite, and knew the entire menu. I got the pork rib sandwich and my date got the grilled chicken sandwich. Both were cooked to perfection and thoughtful plated and full of flavor. Thanks Nick.First of all, there is wine on tap. What is better than that? They provide iPads so you can check out what's on tap (wine or beer), how much is left, what it's like, etc. Very cool. The food was awesome, especially the "fries" and the flatbread. They were super accommodating to a large group of us, which was very appreciated. This is my new favorite place in the city!As a beer guy this is my favorite of the Trias. Their selection boasts unique domestic craft beers alongside some harder to get European beers. There iPad system of choosing your beer is a cute novelty. I have been there twice and both times the service was great. They aren't overly on top of you so you can enjoy your be and conversation, yet if you need anything they notice and come immediately.In terms of food, Im not sure I get the hoopla. My girlfriend and her friends love the artichoke dip but I think its a bit too heavy. I have also had the fish tacos- good not great (watch out the hot sauce they provide is super hot) and the spinach salad - nothing memorable but perfectly decent salad (friend liked the goat cheese but felt he has had better). I think its really the decor, service and great selection that makes this place great. The food is just an added bonus - if your hungry get something to eat its above average but not great.Cool concept but I prefer regular Tria.  The wood-fired flat breads are very nice menu addition compared the Tria.  The beverage list is quite lacking.  I never have the issue at the normal Tria as the menu is very extensive but at this location I was #strugglin.  While the wines I tried were good, I get kind of tired of drinking the same thing over and over again.  I almost wanted to walk a couple of blocks over and just go to the old Tria.  
The space is quite nice and inviting.  It's dark and even sexier than the original.Fantastic beer list, and one of the most beautiful tap walls and over all interior build outs.  The "fries" were incredible. Taleggio truffle fonduta smothering the potatoes. Also the flat breads were very tasty and fresh. Service was quick and friendly.  
Can't wait to go here again.
Definite stop for any craft beer lover or foodie.I"ve been here a few times, but most recently, my husband and I made a last-minute decision to get a beer and a snack on Valentine's Day. It was a cold, winters night and we wanted to get out of the house for a little while. Well, it was great! We got a table for two immediately at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. We ordered two awesome beers- they were having a sweet special on sours, wings that were covered in salsa and gorganzola, and the Valentine's Day cheese spread. It was all perfect. 
The only thing that I didn't like was the iPad ordering system, While I like the ipads in theory, they made my fingers feel so, so dirty. I wonder what can be done about that?I'm one of the biggest fans of Tria. Three locations and all with their special touch. Tria Taproom is great for chill laidback get together / catching up with friends. 
Got the Pinot noir and chef hooked me up with 1/2 and 1/2 flatbread of Kenneth square (fontina, wild mushrooms, zucchini, red onion, red pepper flakes, truffle cream ) and fennel sausage (smoked mozzarella, roasted shishisto peppers , marina, pistachios). Completely on point. What more can I say ??
Vibes here are always so warm and welcome. Even got complimentary still / sparkling . Definitely recommend for anyone who wants to kick back, dive into good eats, and enjoy good company. 
So what are you waiting for ?!!Great flatbread and the wine/beer menu on a tablet was really cool. The ambiance was also greatI tried to get on here with my girlfriend on saint party's day. They refused us to get in and passed the buck because we were wearing orange green. Meanwhile others wearing green were allowed in. 
Tom(manager) presented many empty apologies and greg(bouncer) did nothing but interrupt, discriminating us on our clothing  no matter how polite we were (and we did not want to go to Irish bar next door) they would not let us in whole allowing others who were more visibly intoxicated in. They even had the gall to say "go next door, you'll have more fun"
I will never come here or any other tria locations until further notice.LOVE! We came here on our night out in Philly and I'm so glad we happened to wander in. We snagged two seats at the bar and enjoyed some delicious beers. 
I love that the menu is on an iPad and you can get all the info you need about each beer (or wine or cider.) 
We ordered some sort of flat bread that had an egg on it and it was so good. We've tried to recreate it at home but can't get it right. We definitely over indulged but that's what vacations are for right? 
Next time we're in Philly we'll certainly be swinging through.One of my favorite spots to go. If you like beer and high tech menus this place is for you. The menu not only offers you a great description of the beers on tap, but it tells you how much is available before it's kicked. This is a great indicator of what is popular and what you should start drinking. Not the biggest place, but we never have a problem finding a seat and betting comfortable. Actually worth getting e-mails from this place for specials and events.Don't go here. My friends and I were denied drinks because the server believed we were intoxicated. We are a group of 30 year old professionals who wanted a relaxing experience with drinks. The manager tried to give us gift cards to apologize but stood behind his server, who clearly was not very bright. 
The manager explained that he was concerned for our safety getting home. Silly.I think I was too hyped about going here and so I walked away dissapointed. First, the drinks were ok. There weren't that many selections and there is NO HAPPY HOUR. That really got to me. Second, the food is not the best. I got the fries and they turned out to be small potatoes with cheese. Not satifying. 
I recommend the original and true Tria. Have always had a great there!Tria Taproom is one of my new favorite places for a late dinner and drinks! The ambience is very trendy and sophisticated, with dimmed lights and a sultry music mix. The menu consist of snacks, soups & salads, sandwiches, and some decadent alcohol infused desserts. The coolest part of the experience at Tria Taproom is the iPad that is used to display the current beer and wine on draft. Everything was fairly priced and the portion sizes were decent. The baked artichoke & spinach dip with grilled flatbread is a must have. The mahi-mahi tacos are also quite delicious, served with a cool chile lime sauce on the side. I definitely recommend trying out Tria Taproom for a casual dinner, drinks, or even for a date!Tria holds a special place in my heart. 
The taproom in my opinion has it all. There is a wonderfully eclectic, constantly rotating beer selection (which is perfect for me since I'm here WAY too often). 
The food is GREAT in general, but the burger? IT IS THE BEST EVER.
I recently went on a burger kick and drug my boyfriend/friends around the city in an attempt to try all of the best. After many stomach aches and greasy fingers later, I believe I found my favorite. This burger really has it all. Perfectly seasoned meat, cheese that doesn't get in the way, plus a side of crispy onions that one must top the burger with. I dream about this burger almost every night. It single-handedly gets me through my often strenuous work/workout weeks. I live for this thing.
Nothing says the weekend like a burger and a good beer, and again, this place rocks it out. So if you are craving perfection go here!This Tria location is one of my go-to bars, since it's never too crowded and always features a large, great selection of beers, including at least 1 or 2 sour beers, which I particularly enjoy and are still somewhat rarer elsewhere. 
The food is pretty good, especially fondue potatoes. I've had a few sandwiches here that were great, except for the bread, which was always really hard to eat.  
But what I truly love is the complimentary sparkling water!Love it here for a quick bite on a weeknight! Delicious and different! And the beer selection is to die for! I definitely suggest the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey from the bruschetta portion of the menu! Amazing!The place was very sleek and modern. The beer selection was great and they even had cocktails on tap. Never seen that before. My boyfriend and I came for the drinks but we also had the fries and they were really good.Ate there alone on a lovely June evening. Fabulous service -- the kind that is attentive without being intrusive or overly energetic. The music is a little loud -- hard to have conversations. The iPad menus -- a fun touch since they change the offerings so often.  The crab cake is something I'll pine for.    Rosie and Philip -- awesome staff, bravo!Drinks only
My new favorite Tria's, the one at Rittenhouse.  
Tessa behind the bar was great, very helpful and suggesting we taste before we decided.  They had a great selection of wines and drafts.  The Toccalmatto Zona Cesarini, an American IPA made in Italy (yep, you heard that right) was fucking amazing.  I never saw nor had that one before, and I ain't no IPA novice!  The smell, the taste, the pleasant passage over my tongue, was heaven to me.
I loved the tasteful decor here, the jazz playing at perfect volume in the background, everything about this place.Finally got to goto this new Tria this past week and it did not disappoint.
The opening was hyped up and it recently got on the Zagat list of top 25 most innovative bars (wine on tap, ipad menus).
The ipad menu is a novel feature and allows you to read about each tap and also to see exactly how much is left in each keg of wine/beer.  One recommendation is top perhaps have a "top 5 best sellers list" so we know what is popular.
The chocolate porter I got was delivery and served in a very nice sized goblet.
Food wise: we pretty got every item on the menu.  Some of the highlights are the wood seared octopus appetizer, it is perfectly seared, tender, but not chewy.  This is not your Applebee's fried calamari, there is very little grease/oil on it, and it comes as a giant tentacle with some seared charcoal on the edges to give it a pleasant aftertaste.
The chicken wings are served with a lime pesto sauce that is to die for.  The portions are very reasonable also.
We also got one of each flat bread for our dinner.  The best one is the duck with the cherry fig sauce, but the Kennett Square mushroom one is also delicious.
This Tria is also unique because it is the only tria with a wood grill oven that serves hot food.  Apparently, it is already the busiest Tria which is not a surprise.
The service was fast and non intrusive as expected.  No one in our group had an empty glass of beer or water for more than 5 minutes in our entire 2 hours of dining/drinking.
I wish this Tria would start up a "Sunday School" like the other Tria soon so I can come back on a more regular basis.So far I have only tried the drinks at this new Tria outpost but I fully enjoyed them and their new ipad system. It is cool to be able to look online in advance and see if the drink you are interested in has a good stock. I got to have some special beers and the pricing and variety on the wine look great. We didn't try the food since we had lots of cheese at home at the time but I am looking forward to the flatbreads for sure. Hopefully they start taking tria points cards soon.Love this place!!!! Delicious food with fun options on the menu. And the beer is great!! Warm atmosphere with wonderful staff. Highly recommend!!!Amazing service!!! Great tap selection!! Cutting edge food!!! Go now!!
Beautiful atmosphere, friendly service, BF and  I loved it!After having really enjoyed visits to Tria Rittenhouse several times over the years, I decided to give Tria Taproom a shot on a recent visit to Philadelphia.  My personal experience here was far less positive than most other reviews.
While the space is aesthetically appealing & they have some nice craft beer and wine available, the bartenders treated me quite poorly.  For some odd reason, they seemed to take pleasure in making snarky comments to me.  And an item that I was told that was going to be taken off my bill, was not.  They ended up removing that drink, but continued to make additional snarky comments to me.  It was rather busy, so perhaps they were just a little too stressed out.  But nonetheless, it was an off-putting experience that I was surprised to receive from the Tria family.I don't believe I've ever critiqued a bar, but here goes. This place has good beers and knowledgable staff but management is very weak.
Before NY eve, I asked if the bar would be open to regular customers who are not buying $90 event tickets. Although I was assured the bar would be open all day and evening, it turns out it was closing at 4:00. We arrived about 3:30 for the Tired hands beers which were to be available. Instead, we were told to leave at 4:00 because even the bar seats were sold for the event. I politely complained but the manager never bothered to speak to us or apologise for the mix up.
Not feeling the urge to return.If you're into wine, you'll love this place! They have a great wine selection that is always changing and really delicious food. The last time that I went my friend and I ordered several dishes to share, but the ones that really stick out in my mind are the mac and cheese with cauliflower, the Vietnamese-style grilled pork belly and the wings with green chile sauce and gorgonzola. Everything was cooked perfectly and incredibly tasty. I would suggest trying to make reservations if you're going in the evening or on the weekend - this place gets super packed. It can be a little difficult to carry a conversation, but you'll be more concerned with stuffing your face and drinking the awesome wine anyway! Definitely recommended.Excellent burger.  Pretty good beer.  The iPad that tells you about the beers is kinda cool.  Great staff.An excellent addition to the Tria empire of Philly! 
There were about 6 of us and we were lucky enough to get a table at 7 during Philly beer week. A taproom miracle! 
The draft beer and wine lists were pretty extensive. They included a great selection of everything! I loved how they handed out ipads to view the drink selections. It helped to include nice details about everything so you knew exactly what you were getting. 
We then asked our waiter to help us with some of his favorite menu selections and he didn't steer us wrong. Everything we tried were very tasty. One dish stood out for me...the octopus. Now, I love octopus and I will say that this may have been the most tender octopus I've ever tried. Absolutely order it if you love octopus. After the octopus, I really enjoyed the po boy poppers. Great flavors and a perfectly fried oyster. Delicious. We then tried two flat breads. The mushroom and the duck. Both were really good. As a lover of sweet and savory, I really enjoy the duck more. 
All in all, I was impressed and can't wait to go back. This is a great place to grab some drinks and food with friends to spend or start your night!Amazing food, beverage, service and server recommendations. I just had the my best beet dish and dessert beer EVER.In one word: sexy.  Tria, this is my new favorite venue of yours. Well done.
Far from your standard bar, Tria Taproom is chic, sleek, and ahead of its time.  No chalkboards, tap propaganda, or televisions.   Everything is black, chrome, and sultry.  A treat for the eye, and that includes the bartenders.
Like most reviews I will express my praise for the tablet menus.  I pretty much always google beers prior to ordering, and the tablets do this for you.  Click on the beer you would like to read about and learn its tasting notes, abv, etc. 
Ideal for a first date (or pretend first date, for you couples) and mingling.  Tria sets the mood so you can enjoy craft brews and hors d'oeuvres like a VIP, day or night.I love Tria West and Tria Taproom get more of my love (and my $!) but certainly has a different vibe.
Who doesn't love being handed an iPad preloaded with the wine menu?  The menu here is mostly flat breads, salads and cheese plates.  My friend and I ordered a salad, the mussels, a flat bread and the bean spread... which was a huge amount of food!  The portions are a bit bigger here than at the other Trias.  Service was a tad sluggish but I attribute that to it only being open for a short time.  That being said, we had loads of servers doting on us, clearing plates and refilling our glasses.  Seating for groups larger than 4 seemed a bit awkward but for 2-4 looked comfortable.   Its  a lovely spot.We were out wondering around and ended up at the Dandelion across the street from  Tria...after sitting at The Dandelion for 10 minutes with no service we decided to walk across the street to this cute little place, and we definitely weren't disappointed! This place was so cute and welcoming, the wine selection was awesome and the waitresses were very helpful and sweet! We didn't get any food but the cheese plates looked amazing. The prices were also very affordable. I will definitely be going back here next time I'm in Philly! The neighborhood Tria is located in is a lot of fun to walk around in also, tons of cute stores.My family and I enjoyed lunch at the Tria Taproom on 09/13.  Thank you Yelp and fellow Yelpers for helping us find this neighborhood gem that is truly worthy of its positive ratings.  A special thank you to Emily our server and Rosie our bartender.  The two of them worked as a team to ensure the  very excellent service you should expect to receive.  Both knew their menu, including drinks, and were happy to make recommendations based on their personal experiences with the menu.  
Our table shared the fried calamari, cauliflower mac and cheese, smashed fingerlings and wings.  The calamari, mac and cheese and fingerlings were exceptional, packed with flavor.  The fingerlings were the best "french fries" I've ever had, very light on the "fried."  The wings were good, but if you're used to buffalo wings, these are not those.
I enjoyed the Burrata Flatbread.  The flavors were familiar, but with a flare of different.  The taproom beer burger and 3 cheese flatbread were also hits.  We topped off the meal with some Vanilla Rice Pudding, a light dessert packed with flavor, but not excessive sweetness.
The selections of beer and wine are the main reasons for patronizing this business so come, and enjoy, pair the right beverage with the right food, ask for recommendations, or just come for a cocktail.  You will not be disappointed in this warmly decorated, modern, reasonably priced small business.Love the concept. Love the mini tablets which let you order and see when the keg runs out of beer. I have come here like 3 times already. Really chill place to go after work or invite a friend. Solid choice for anyone trying to introduce people to Philly.
It is kinda small when you first walk in but it expands as you walk further. 
Never tried the food so I can't say anything on the food. It is a little pricey but you pay for quality.While the beer list will always be different at Tria Taproom, you know you are going to get something good and different than most spots in Philly.
Their beer list is unique and at times amazing (Hill Farmstead...squeals of joy!) Their list is most accurately found on their website and even has the levels of beer left in each keg they have an draft. They are also on Philly Tapfinder but their own website is in realtime.
The service has always been professional and knowledgeable. They know their beer and recommendations are always on point. 
I've only eaten there once but found their burrata flatbread to be tasty.
The beer prices are a little high, but you are paying for an rare, quality beer selection.
Tria is that bar that I will hold in high regards above the rest for beer. Cheers!After a long Monday, the wife and I decided to stop in here for some apps and drinks.  We arrived just after 7 and was seated promptly.  We were looking for a wine and cheese bar and opted for Tria taproom due to the reviews.
The wife got the portugal villages wine and I got the malbec, both on draft.  I liked ordering my drinks on the tablet placed at each table, it provided me with additional information on each drink, including the type of grapes and origin of each wine and or beer.  
We got the cheese trio for starters, we got the gruyere, the blue and the approachable (i forget the cheese name).  The blue and the gruyere were great.  
We got the mussels and the spinach salad next, the mussels were a little on the salty side and the proportion of goat cheese to greens for the salad was not quiet right.  However we did enjoy both dishes.  
We finished with the bread pudding and eggnog ice-cream.  The bread pudding was ok, not great, just good.  
The reason for me giving this place 4 stars was the service.  Our waiter was great.  She made sure we had everything we needed and was well versed on the menu, her cheese and wine reccomendations were on par.
We will be visiting the other Tria locations soon to see what they have to offer.I went here with my friend and she said it was one of her favorite places. We started with some beers and I thought it was very unique that you ordered it with an iPad. I asked for something dark and chocolate-y and the bartender was very helpful. He suggested a Dark Horse which was chocolate, caramel-y and blueberry-y. It was delicious!
For snacks we got the "fries". These were no ordinary fries, but were more like mini steamed potatoes. Seasoned and salted lightly and were were accompanied with an amazing dipping sauce. I'm not sure what was in the sauce, but it was addicting. This is a must get!
Flatbread: bread was toasted and baked to perfection. Perfectly thin and crispy. Visually beautiful to look at.
- Kennet Square: the fontina was so creamy and went well with the mushrooms. There was bit of heat and spice to it which I enjoyed. 
- Burrata: This was good, but I felt there was a slight overpower of cheese flavors. It was also a little more on the salty side. 
For desert, we ordered the brownie which was rich, smooth and worked well with the hot cake and cold ice cream. The crispiness of the brittle was a nice addition and it had a smoky element to it. My friend went to the bathroom at this time, in which I proceeded to eat the whole desert faster by myself.LOVE IT HERE, and my favorite of all the Trias.    I love the long bar seating as well as the huge tables in the back for large groups.  My favorite drinks are the rose and the extra dry cider.  The staff is also pretty knowledgeable about the wine so are able to help you pick out your new favorite beverage.  The food here is also excellent.  Who knew Tria could have such amazing ribs and flat bread pizzas!  (I highly recommend the breakfast pizza).  My new favorite bar to frequent.This was my first time at Tria. We came with a rather large group but the service was great. Our waitress was very informative and attentive to everyone. I ordered the po boy poppers and the mahi tacos. The tacos brought me back to my trip to Costa Rica where I had the best fresh fish tacos. With that being said I would love to come back with friends and try other dishes and beersThe service initially was excellent, and there may have been some confusion towards the end of the night when we had to flag people down for our check - but nothing that would mar the experience.
I had the Malbec. It was perfect.
My friend and I ordered a few plates to share and they were amazing.
The mac and cheese was über creamy but not overwhelmingly so. The cauliflower added a nice texture to it too.
Next we had ordered the Cobb salad which was really lovely; the wings which had a unique and truly wonderful flavor profile bordering on exotic and the crab cake. Everything was perfectly cooked, seasoned and in portions that are ideal for two people to share. 
The evening came to a close with the brownie. I wasn't a fan of the ice cream that came atop- but the brittle spiked caramel made my day. 
I will be back for certain.I really like the beer selection, staff, and service but the food offerings seem to not change enough I often find myself looking at the menu feeling bored.  I know that I am not a gourmet but I do like a little more variety from time to time.  
I do really love the mussels and could eat them every day.I love this place so much. Visited for the first time for snacks and drinks last night. Great beer list, I hate wine on tap so I didn't venture to try. The atmosphere was so romantic, dimly lit and cozy. The service gets A++ we were so impressed by our waitress. She was attentive, left us alone for the right amount of time and really let us focus on the meal. We had calamari which was delicious. Flavorful breading, shishito peppers, and delicious marinara. Also ordered the dip trio which we thought was good, they brought extra pita when it got low without us even asking. The truffle potatoes. OMG. Best thing I've had in awhile. Will be back as often as possible for those. Great night and great place.Food was terrible and the service was unprofessional and rude. Don't waste your time here.another great experience at Tria Taproom last week when I met a friend for drinks! The waiter recommended a great sour ale, and the burrata flatbread (delicious and shareable) did not disappoint. Can't wait to try the other Tria locations!Tria Taproom is a great place right in Rittenhouse Square. I've never eaten a full meal here, but the flatbreads are awesome - I recommend the vegetarian Kennet Square, which has mushrooms, zucchini, and red onion. The real star here is the beverages they have on tap, including beer, wine, and ciders, and I love the mini iPad they give you to browse their ever rotating selection. Service is always great, so the only difficult part is finding a seat in this small space!I visited Philadelphia for the first time last week, and found Tria Taproom browsing Yelp reviews. Went with a small group for dinner and wine; I was SO impressed with everything! 
Location/Atmosphere: 5/5. The ambiance inside is dimly lit with streamlined decor. The seating was comfortable--not too spaced out or close together. There were several options available for different sized groups. Tria Taproom has a really inviting vibe. 
Service: 5/5. EXCELLENT. All caps because our server was so nice, attentive, prompt, and gave amazing recommendations. Several other staff members helped our table as well, and they were equally impressive. 
Food and Drink: 5/5. Wine was amazing. (Sidenote: it's cool that the alcohol list is on a tablet. It's a nice touch being able to hover over a wine and read everything you'd ever care to know about it. One tiny suggestion for improvement: put pairing dishes on the tablet with each wine or beer selection?) We ordered several items to eat: cheese plate, fingerling potato "fries", burgers, and a pizza. The cheese plate we tried was delicious--I especially loved the balsamic vinegar jam that came with it as a topping. The fingerling potatoes were so nice: the cheese-y sauce they come in is very rich and mild, and the potatoes were cooked and seasoned to perfection. Our burgers were amaazing, as was our pizza! 
Overall: I loved Tria Taproom! Would recommend to anyone in Philadelphia.This is a great place for casual, but excellent dining. The menu isn't extensive, but there's something for everyone. I had the salmon and asparagus with the spicy potato fingerlings. From start to finish, this was an awesome experience!Met someone here for drinks and was very pleased. The space seems much friendlier and less confined than the other Tria location. 
Loved the flatbreads, saw a few other things on the menu and on other tables that I'd love to try. Not a super extensive wine list, but definitely great beer options. Draft drink lists come on a tablet and you can see how much is left in the kegs (not critical info, but nice to know).I was in Philadelphia for work so of course I yelped the best places within walking distance from my hotel to get a craft beer. This cute, taint, little place is a block from Rittenhouse Square. They have a nice selection of craft beers on tap. The beer list is on an ipad which shows a brief description of the beer. I love electronic menus because they are usually more accurate/updated than a pre-printed menu. 
I came on a Monday night around 7:30 pm. I ordered one of their beers draft and the fries from their menu. The beer was delicious but I was disappointed in the fries. Keep in mind, their fries are a bit different. Fries - smashed fingerlings, truffle-taleggio fonduto. 
If I'm in the Philadelphia area I will definitely come back; however, I'll be trying something different from their food menu. 
A good place to try out for a drink and a snack.Great Concept of having wine on draft and the ipad menu is a really cool way to get information on what your drinking and even know how much of the keg is left. Whoa! In terms of the food, I wasn't  really blown away although I only really tried 3-4 Dishes. The "Fries" which is a play on Fingerling Potatoes with a cheese fondue sauce is creative, but i found the spuds to be slightly under-seasoned. The mussels were quite good. The Wings with Green Chille Sauce was amazing (I'd go back just for this!!!) Finally, we also tried the burrata flat bread which was quiet moist and tasty. I love the diversity of their menu and will certainly visit again and try some more of their food offering. Customer service was excellent btw..My friends and I were visiting Philly for the weekend and happened upon Tria for a late night bite and drink. They serve small plates and are a wine and beer specialty bar. We had four plates and a couple of glasses of wine, and it definitely hit the spot. Tria has a very casual atmosphere but the food and wine are anything but. The staff were extremely lovely and helpful - and they're recommendation were spot on. We might be back again tonight. 
// CASH + CARD // 
Bring: your date or small group of friends.
Order: the lamb sausage with braised cabbage dish and a cheese plate! And definitely get a recommended wine/beer pairing. 
Skip: the attitude, Tria is casual and fun.Went to Happy Hour here for our weekly Date Night and it lived up to all expectations.   The HH beer list was short, and the Delco Lager uninspired, but the Pizza Boy Rye IPA was excellent, and HH snacks included an excellent Baba Ganoush flavored with black olives and served with toasted flatbread.  We moved on to a Deschutes Black Butte porter, chicken tacos from the HH menu, and a Cobb salad; every dish and the beers were served promptly and politely, so we were just happy campers. We didn't have to ask for water as we came toward the end of the evening, it just magically appeared as we got thirsty for it.   The price was reasonable, the ambiance relaxed, and the evening as good as it gets.I really love this place. The space is modern, sophisticated & sexy with great lighting. The service is superb, with numerous staffers cruising in and out to clear plates touch up napkins & the server was polite, informed, and on point. The attention to detail was impressive, they make you feel special & looked after without crowding you. The wine & beer list were displayed on an ipad allowing you to really learn more about them if you want to, perfect for an avid beer person! I had a lovely rose & they were more than happy to offer tastes and make suggestions. 
The food was delicious. The St. Louis style ribs were unreal and fell off the bone, The muscles spicy and delicious, the fries were comfort food at its best. I had the shrimp flatbread with huge prawns grilled perfectly atop garbanzo spread and peppers. I will def. be returning!Limited review, as we only had drinks. Tria Taproom (formerly Rum Bar), is a cozy little bar with plenty of seating. We stopped in relatively early for some pre-dinner drinks and the bartenders were friendly and attentive, with modern, simple decor that isn't overly distracting. The iPad menus for drinks are interesting, but I couldn't help but think of everyone's hands being all over it all day and wondered if they ever clean them - just me being OCD.
Otherwise, beers were tasty and the music playing was a solid selection for the crowd. Perfectly relaxed place to have a few drinkies.MMMMMM.... From start to finish, there was nothing I didn't like. We stuffed ourselves silly! Octopus, beet salad, spinach salad, mussels, wings, duck flatbread and ribs, plus the cheese plate (we told the waiter to surprise us). Each item was more delicious than the next. We had a red wine and a white to pair with our food that the waiter chose. Don't know, don't care, it was perfect! This is better than the other 2 Tria's  that we've been to. I think we had dessert, but I can't remember. So that must have not been anything to talk about. Roll me home!My colleague informs me Tria just made a Top 23 Hottest Beer Bars in the U.S. list.  Eh-herm, didn't it just open??  Maybe it's the iPad that remains on your tabletop throughout your dining and drinking experience, maybe it's the row of gleaming silver tap handles on the bar wall, lined up uniformly like soldiers, or maybe it was the most delicious Saison du Pont Farmhouse Ale I sucked down like the beer thirsty gal I am - but Top 23?  Yeah, I buy it.
Expertly crafted beer list aside, the food was just shy of excellent.  The wood-grilled octopus had all the makings of a perfect dish - one plump tentacle dotted with a chunky fruit and olive compote and crispy (fried?) arugula -but our octopus was so charred, even the flavorful "cherry lambic glaze" couldn't stand up to it.  No bueno.
I was certainly impressed by our order of Green Chile Chicken Wings.  Though my companion asserted there was not enough sauce provided, I felt the saucing was just right.  Notes of green chile certainly came through without overpowering, and chunks of bleu cheese and thinly sliced bites of celery adhered to each bite, providing a satisfying marriage of flavors and textures.  The wings themselves were meaty, crisp, and plentiful.  All in all, a very good dish.
Our third and final order of the night was the Burrata Salad.  When I see Burrata anywhere, I must order it.  Burrata on white bread?  Done.  The formula for a burrata salad traditionally includes one element sweet/fruity and one element crisp to contrast the creaminess of the cheese.  This burrata salad was ingenious - multiple elements of crispness served as vehicles for this most luscious of cheeses, and the bitterness of broccoli rabe was unexpectedly welcome.  I straight up can't wait to eat this again.
Big ups for professional service at Tria Taproom - our server was warm, knowledgeable, and answered our questions expertly, always with a smile.  He gave us fresh silverware and plates between courses, and food runners provided the same level of professionalism and attentiveness.
As we made our exit, wading carefully through a sea of power suits, we agreed that food and drink were more than enough to bring us back, most definitely by 5 pm on a weeknight to beat the crowd.Absolutely love the beer and wine at this place, and love how the list is ever-changing. There's always something new and tasty to try. The food is delicious and it's usually not too difficult to get a table or seat at the bar if you're in a small group. The staff is very nice and attentive for the most part.Delicious kennett square flatbread. The truffles were amazing (my first time to ever try the truffles!) -- perfect combination of truffles, mushrooms, cucumbers, onion, and bread. The softness and tenderness of the toppings complemented the harder pizza crust perfectly. The 3-cheese flatbread was good too but a bit too cheesy for me (too much of that ricotta). Mussels appetizer was good too, a bit spicy. 
Nice, intimate and romantic place, pretty crowded. Service was great and very kind. Interesting interior, with fancy-looking wines, tables, and candles, but the walls are wooden and concrete with old, crumbling pieces - reminiscent of a bar atmosphere.Things I love about this place:
1) great beer selection on tap
2) the service is phenomenal. Just the right amount of attention without hovering
3) the food is consistently delicious. If you haven't tried the Kennett Square flatbread, do it next time you're there
4) happy hour specials!My husband and I went here on a date night and everything was excellent. The food was fantastic (I had the burger, definitely get it with the bacon addition) and the service was impeccable. Great great spot.Great selection of beer! Great Ambiance. If I'm back in Philly, I'd definitely come back. But the Cheese Curds, while a popular item, Not my favorite for some reason. With that was said, when the waiter asked us how everything was, and I said "meh". He took the curds and comped them off the menu. Despite us saying we'd pay for them. So yea. You get your star back. Get the Weizenbock. Amazing.I saw that PBW was going on again, so although I was not able to be in Philly for that, I wanted to update this based on a more recent visit from a few months ago.
A lunch time visit during a weekday had a good number of tables filled and some bar stools taken, but certainly was not slammed which it was when the first review was written.  The bartender was very friendly, attentive & knowledgeable about the craft beer that Tria was serving.  Which is great to see, not every craft beer bar gets this right.  
While I did not order any food, it looked very good & will be ordering something from the kitchen the next time that I visit.  I believe that they have a weekday lunch special with 2 courses for $14-$15; great deal for a nice place.  Eating that and enjoying a glass of craft beer from their well curated draft list is something that I look forward to in the future.I went here twice last week. Tria Taproom is a reliable place to enjoy wine and good eats. I had the beet salad and Riesling which was delicious. 
The iPads are a bit hokey as they offer info about selection with wine descriptions but offer no advanced features such as quick quizzes to find the wine you'd most like or fun facts about the wine in stock. The iPads seem more of an afterthought than an actual asset to enhance consumer experience. 
My two complaints: 1) The layout of tables seems off. Tria could redo the layout--especially in the back. The bench in the back and long counter in the center-back is not the best utilization of space. 
2) The front tables are great yet the draft from the front door is quite chilling so I don't recommend sitting in the front during winter. Management could easily fix this with an effective curtain by the door to keep the heat in.Great option in Center City for beer, wine, and food. If you need to please a crowd of any variety of tastes, this should be on your list.
The vibe is definitely chic: it is modern, clean, angular, and sophisticated. Low lighting, neutral wood and metal accents throughout, and eclectic playlist on the PA. An impressive array of stainless steel tap handles lines the main bar; you've got your choice of a pretty incredible variety of beer, wine, cider, and soda here. There isn't a bottle to be found in the whole place. No TVs either...no distractions from the tastes.
The food menu is very much the same as the decor - clean and simple. Flatbreads, salads, cheeses, snacks (which range from cheese-covered potato fries to lump crab cake, and everything in between). This isn't half-hearted pub food, though. Real artistry is evident in plating and menu design. All flavors complement each other.
The star of the show here is the beer, however. The list is incredibly well-curated. There's a reason it was ranked as one of RateBeer's top 100 US Beer Bars. The staff is great, as careful attention is paid to pour techniques, and every bartender can lead you to a great choice if you are feeling overwhelmed and need help. Each beer is served in style-appropriate glassware - tekus or German pints.
I love this spot as much as any in Philly, but the only thing keeping me from giving it a full 5 stars is the pricing. I feel that they could be dropped by at least $1-2 on every item - both food and drink. Don't get me wrong, I've got no problem paying for quality...but here, it really adds up quicker than expected. This would be an "everyday" neighborhood spot for me, but I can't quite afford to do that yet on the current menu! The cheapest snacks are $7.5 and not quite sizable enough to share. Drafts range from $5 for "standard" offerings up to double digits for rarer stuff. I'd say average price is $8-9/draft beer. Flatbreads are around $13 each.
Overall, a really fun and exciting spot for center city that I recommend 100% as long as you are willing to pay just a little bit extra. I am happy it's so close to home.Beer Stop 137
-----
I loved the "old" Tria and was excited to see that Tria opened a new location. I haven't been back to Philly in a few years so I made sure to check Tria Taproom out right when I landed.
As far as beer is concerned, the tap list was awesome. The tap list hits most major styles of beer and even though there are no bottles, you can certainly find something you like on tap. Most of the beer had east coast roots, which was perfectly fine; some standouts were Flower Power (Ithaca), Kushy Clouds (Sole), and Early Breakfast IPA (Dunham). As you can see, Im a big fan of IPA's.
For food, we tried the wings and the cheese board. The portion size was large, perfect for sharing.
Yea, the price is a bit on the higher side. However, I feel the price was justified based on the quality of food, quality of beer, and quality of service.LOVE this place! A bar/tapas place that screams hipster yet does not put me off. The beer selection was ample and thorough, with descriptions of each beer on tap and the amount they have left of it. I opted for a local brew--a Victory ale. My bf, also known as my non-drinking, permanent DD for life had a root beer, and our friends had a variety of beers. I ordered the po'boy appetizer, which was absolutely delicious, but a shame that only 3 pieces came out and there were 4 of us. Although the tapas were expensive the drinks were a deal! For the four of us, we barely broke $30. My bfs root beer was only $3 and they gave him a free refill. My beer was a meager $5, the po' boy appetizer was around $9 and our friends'a beers brought us up to around $30. 
We even got to stay as long as we wanted way past last call. Sweet service and great beers, both local and international!  A winner for me.Cozy, intimate, very inviting. That's what I immediately felt when entering Tria Taproom. I went there for a small impromptu birthday gathering with just three other people, and we had a blast. Their flatbreads were warm and delicious. But the one thing I loved most about this place was their menu.
Putting aside for a moment the wonderful small but perfect selection of beers and wines they had on tap. When I said I loved their menu, I meant the actual physical menu handed to the customers. The menus are repurposed iPad tablets - which I have seen done elsewhere too - and always get a kick out of it. I really admired their ability to integrate the electronic menu with the actual availability of their drinks in real-time. Don't you hate picking something, then having the server tell you they're out? With this menu, you actually get to see how much of something they have left. I found it to be really innovative and fun.
This place is great to enjoy with a group of friends and still works as a perfect last stop for a nightcap on a romantic date night. 
Go and enjoy!This is by far my favorite Tria location and I find myself here more often than I'd like to admit (slacking on the check-ins). I'm a big fan of the menu and love that it is the perfect size for sharing. Of everything I've ordered here, my favorites are the po' boy poppers, mac & cheese, Kennett square flatbread, and Fennel Sausage flatbread. If you're a red wine drinker, go for the Sangiovese.Went here for dinner around 730 on a Friday night with a group of 4. Since they do not take reservations, we were pretty apprehensive about getting a table. Surprisingly, we got seated in 15 minutes. Which was incredible since there is absolutely no where to stand to wait and there were only a handful of tables. 
Love it: "Fries"  - incredible truffle-taleggio funduta; fish tacos - great bang for the buck & philly roast pork flat bread
Leave it: Po'boy poppers - it was pretty greasy and the oyster really gets lost in the remoulade.
Overall experience - it was nice but nothing special. I highly prefer the washington square Tria location due to space and menu selection.Servers ignore you, limited bar seating, no order to seating people at the bar as others leave. Stood there for an hour got one beer.  If its full keep walking, not worth the wait.Went there on a Tuesday, I was with a friend who is very hard to please. Elyse the server and Alex the Food Runner did a great job! The service there was top notch. The food there was appropriately price and so was the craft beers. They do not have your basic coke/pepsi products, if you need them. They definitely cater toward the adult crowd so if you are planning on bringing children or teens I would recommend some place else. Kennett Square flat bread is awesome!Great place with good food. Everything on their menu looked so good but we finally decided on a couple of different things so we could try a bit of everything and of course everything was amazing. The fried cheese kurds and the spinach and artichoke dip are a must! The cheese kurds are lightly breaded and come with a really good dipping sauce. If you're a cheese lover there are several cheeses to pick from depending on what type of cheeses you like and they also bring you fig jam, honey and blueberry jam when they bring out the cheeses. The flatbreads were so delicious! We got the 3 cheese and a 3 cheese add prosciutto and they weren't skimpy with any of the ingredients. The service was great and I can't wait to come back so I can eat some more cheese kurds and try some more of their delicious flatbreads.