I do not like to leave negative reviews, but I gave this place 3 tries. After 3 strike I am out. This review is about my last order. We had company over and agreed on Trio. Ordered 5 orders of spring rolls, 1 chicken pad thai and 4 drunken noodles (3 with chicken & 1 with pork). All dishes were different space level. What a great idea to have your own meal made with your own choice of spice level - in theory. When the order arrived, none of the containers were marked. How were we suppose to figure out whose was whose??? Oh, that's right - by TASTING all 4 drunken noodles! I decided to call the restaurant and tell them about our order. The manager told me that the cook decided to make all 5 meals same spice level - NOT SPICY. I asked why they had an option to choose spice level. She did not think this was wrong! and told me to find a different Thai restaurant if I was not happy and hung up the phone. I could not believe, that this is the way they run business!!!  The order total was pretty expensive for take out, but I am ok with it, if the order is prepared right. Extremely disappointed.We went for restaurant week.  I am not a huge seafood fan, but my boyfriend is, so we decided to give this place a try.  We were there at 6PM on a Saturday and we were the only ones there till around 7PM.  There were many people coming to pick up food, so I guess the take out is quite popular from there.
I have the beggars pouches, which were very good.  The boyfriend has the seafood rolls, and he really enjoyed them as well.
For the meals, I had the softshell crabs, which were great!  The boyfriend really liked them too.  He couldn't decided between the Rad Naar or their other fish dish which came in a hot pot or something.  He went with the Rad Naar and added the lobster to it.  He was quite disappointed.  It was a little bland, not much flavor.  He wished he'd went with the other one.
For dessert, he got the key lime pie.  He said it was the best key lime pie he ever had!  I had the creme brûlée and it was average, nothing special.
Not sure if we would go back here, maybe for the appetizers and desserts.  I would want to try some of the other dishes people mentioned on here.  Might have to just have the take out then.In town for the holiday and decided to order out as a change of pace.  Sorry to say that we were very disappointed.  We placed 5 different orders of varying spice ranges.   Not only were the orders not marked,there was absolutely no difference in the level of spice.  The noodles in the drunken noodle order were soggy and  not flavorful.  All in all a disappointment.   We won't order from here againGreat little BYO Thai restaurant in Fairmount. We have eaten both in the restaurant as a couple and with friends, and have equally done take-out. Easy to make a reservation, nice outdoor seating and great food, and fast delivery for take out. Our favorites are the Pad Thai and the Drunken noodles, along with the Beggar's pouches for an app.W found this place via Yelp after we went through Terror Behind the Walls and wanted to get dinner somewhere within walking distance. We arrived without reservations and they said it was going to be a 5-10 minute wait even though the restaurant was empty for the most part. But we were in no rush so we just looked over the menu while we waited.
The waitress came up to tell us the specials of the day, but honestly there was just too many specials so my eyes started to glaze over half way through. She was really nice though. Ended up sharing the salad kak and corn fritters. The salad was alright but I would definitely recommend getting the corn fritters! I think W ordered the green curry for and I got chicken pad thai. Pad thai was on the sweet side (but I also didn't add any of the lime to it) but it was very good and filling. Green curry was spicy so I only tried a little, but it didn't seem too bad if you're into coconut and spicy flavors.
I think my favorite part was sitting out on the outside deck. They have pretty lights surrounding the deck and it's a very nice atmosphere to eat in. Unfortunately, we got a wonky table so every now and then our table would tip from side to side, and it's wooden so it was like being in boat that was gently rocking back and forth. If we could give half stars, I would rate 3.5 stars.I am basing my review off of my delivery service and the food I ordered. I have never been inside of Trio so I can only speak about what I know. I do think that they are a bit pricey for their food but they make up for it with tastiness. The dish I order for deli every was the Fresh Thai Basil with chicken and the Beggars Pouches for an app and an extra order for rice. Since my bf and I were going to split the food. I am glad that they placed a menu in our mail box the food was extremely tasty and it was delivered hot. I give that a plus b/c I have been delivered cold or warm food from places before, and I hold a sweet spot for hot food deli every. We would order from their again and do what we did last time since there was enough food in one order for 2.Super yum!  Very reasonable prices for amazing food and service.  While many of their items are not veg or vegan friendly, they will accommodate for such diets.  I recommend the portobello soup...very tasty!i did a whole report on this place. I just love it. the food is artistically delicious. it's a great hidden treasure.  the only complaint is that finding street parking is horrendous; other then that, i'll definitely be back.Love this place.  Noodles are great and you can never beat a BYOB. I go all the time and am always thrilled with the service and shocked about how great the price is when you aren't paying for drinks. Organize a lot of group friend dinners there.Had my birthday dinner here back in November and was extremely happy with how it turned out! We were seated at a long table on the first floor. It's the first time I've ever seen anyone dining downstairs, but worked out perfectly for our party of 13. 
I had called ahead of time and arranged to do the family style dinner package. For $25 per person, you get an assortment of appetizers, 4 different entrees, and dessert for everyone to share. They did a great job attending to our group and everything was delicious, as usual. 
I definitely recommend Trio for group dinners!Had dinner here, I had the pineapple fried rice, my husband the thai basil fried rice.  We should have known something was up when we weren't asked about the spiciness level we wanted.  Food was incredibly bland and salty.  Mall food court quality.  Service was nice, space and decor is nothing special.  Wouldn't recommend.Not a fan however very popular. Just no flavor able and expensive. I had 6 dishes off the menuGood?  Sure.  Memorable?  Not really.
The address on Google Maps was still listed as the old one, so I went there first, only to see the sign redirecting me.  No big deal, but still confusing.  My friend was a little disappointed at the move because they used to have a different outdoor seating arrangement that was more pleasurable.  Again, not a dealbreaker.  
The three of us decided to split the spring rolls.  Not bad - not overly greasy, and had a good sauce.  
I had the veggie/tofu pad thai, my friend had the chicken pad thai, and our other friend had a beef dish.  I didn't get to ask how the beef dish was, but there was quite a bit left on her plate, so that was a little discouraging.  The pad thai with chicken was allegedly good, and my pad thai wasn't bad either.  The tofu was cooked well (crispy, not soggy) so I was happy with that.  Very heavy on the peanuts and a bit sweet.  The flavors could have been deeper.
Again, it wasn't a bad meal, but it wasn't overly impressive either.  If I go again I'm going to order something a little more complicated, to see if the flavors follow.This is a spot for locals. The food was really good and Greg our server couldn't have been more attentive. We were a group of 6 and 4 of us drove there in 2 cars. Parking took 20 minutes and we were both 6 blocks away. Unless your getting there by bike, ubber or walking, it's too hard to park. We looked at the take-out menu for next time and I think that's how we will go. The food is worth the effort, as long as you don't drive there.Meh is a good description for this restaurant.  After reading the reviews when we moved into the neighborhood, we were very excited to have a Thai restaurant (our favorite type of food) so close.  The food was bland, and there was nothing good about the experience.  For decent Thai we have had to venture outside of Fairmount, although we have really tried to like the restaurant for its proximity.really nasty thai food.  their specialty pad thai tastes like ketchup mixed with sugar.  inedible.  we had to throw most of it away.  rice that comes with your curry dish is also super tiny.  lacking spices and the flavors that were there tasted like they came out of a cheap powder packet.  i guess i should have known after seeing that none of the wait staff or kitchen staff appeared to be asian.  yuck-o!Really great gem in Fairmount. Some of the best thai food I've had in a long time. Yummy soup with lemmongrass and shrimp. Very nice dining area upstairs, and a little deck off the back. Too bad it was raining tonight but I look forward to having some dinner out there sometime. Would be a great date restaurant.Great Thai basil chicken, drunken noodles, crab cakes, ginger and tofu--I am in the process of eating my way through the menu, and I can't wait until I have completed my mission. The corn fritter is not to be missed. This is a great neighborhood BYO, and I have been coming here pretty steadily for the past 8 months or so. Trio is a very pretty place with good service and fair prices. I really like everything about it, and I love that it is right here in beautiful Fairmount!Best Thai food that I have had.  Although I'm not a big thai food eater, I was very impressed with their selection.  Wait staff was cordial and very informative.  I will definitely be back.After my first visit here, I was hoping it wasn't a fluke how much I liked the food and ambiance here.  It wasn't a fluke.  This place is really delicious and overall very enjoyable.  Both times we were with a group of 8 or more and the service was awesome.  I've tried the green curry, which I'm always a sucker for at Thai places, and the pad thai with crab.  The curry was scrumptious and had some good heat behind it.  They let you choose how hot you want it and they seemed to get it just right.  The crab pad thai was pretty good too.  The portion is very large so it would be good to share and packs some pretty solid flavor in each bite.  This place is one of the best Thai restaurants I've found in Philly and is always a great choice for our friend's bday dinners.This restaurant used to be one of my few delivery places.  After my experience this evening I will never order from them again. I would give zero stars if I could.  The Tom yum soup was as far as I could tell luke warm coconut milk and mushrooms.  The Pad Thai noodles...supposedly their signature dish tasted rancid and as if it was cooked last week.  I ended up throwing out $30 of food and when I called about the horrible quality was abruptly hung up on with no offer of refund or replacement.I was craving for a decent asian meal and after checking out menu's for a dozen of restaurants, I picked Trio.  The menu looked well rounded and yummy so I made reservations.  Once we showed up we were promptly taken to our table located on the 2nd floor.   It's a nice and cozy restaurant with dim lighting for a touch of romance but the utensils were a little "overused".
Server came over poured our ice water and told us the specials mind you he didn't even introduce himself from the get go so I had no idea what his name was.  At the time there were about 3 tables including ours.  We looked over the menu and decided to share the appetizer special: stuffed calamari with shrimp and pork
Entrees were Pork chop with peach sauce and Seafood hot clay pot
Then the horrific service began.  We didn't wait long for the appetizer to be served.  It was a little on the bland side but was cooked well.  After the appetizer we waited for a good 20 minutes for our entrees.  Pork chop was suppose to be cooked to order but it was completely overdone and tough.  The Seafood clay pot surprisingly was very tasty and the seafood was cooked perfectly.  After our server cleared our plates I would assume he would ask if we were interested in dessert or if we wanted to see the dessert menu but nope.  He took our plates and left.  20 minutes later we are sitting twiddling our thumbs and at this point VERY ANNOYED he still didn't come to our table to offer us either dessert or the check.  We finally waved him down and asked for our check until then he asked if he can interest us in dessert.  
Overall: Restaurant is nice and cozy and food was tasty but because of their service I will not be back again.  For a restaurant to state this on their website : "Trio offers Pan-Asian cuisine with a heavy Thai influence, along with the warm service and hospitality that you would expect from a cozy neighborhood BYOB.".  I did not receive what the restaurant was striving for to give their customers.Why haven't I been here before?!  BYO, intimate, great service, delicious food. 
My special lady got the special cauliflower curry soup (spicy, hearty, perfect for the winter). She also got the pan roasted salmon from the menu (slightly fishy, but good).
I ordered off the restaurant week menu..(cheap, I know!) we split Thai vegetable samosas (fried, but tasty..best samosas we've had). 
Next was the Crispy Beggars Pouches (fried again, but ridiculous good). 
I ordered the fish of the day.. no clue what it was (started with a C, hope that helps haha).. it was AWESOME. Light, tasty sauce, perfect veggies. But thats not all, I got a dessert too! Carrot Cake.. G-Dam was that good.I've been to Trio on a few occasions and I have enjoyed it every time. It's a phenomenal Thai BYOB with delicious specials and a very reasonable bill at the end of the night.
If you do go, try a special as a main course or an appetizer, you won't be disappointed.
It also has lovely second floor outdoor seating in the summer.
peace out.Great little gem in fairmount. I have been in the greater Philadelphia area for a long time now and just discovered Trio a few months ago. I have already been back 5 times; this should indicate my infatuation with this place.
The food has been consistently delicious. They are pretty serious about their spices so be careful if you go to the upper portions of the spice scale. I would recommend the pad Thai, drunken noodles and the Thai samosas. I haven't veered away from these items because of how delicious they are. But I hope to go back another time and try the curries. Also once in a while they have the deviled eggs as specials and they are unbelievable. The ambiance is actually very nice and the staff is very helpful. They have a deck which I look forward to trying out in the summer time.
The only problem with this place is Parking. You may have to circle a few times and park a couple blocks away. So a lot of times, I just end up double parking and doing take out.
The quality of the takeout is just as good as the dine-in.
I gave it 4 stars for now as I haven't tried their curries and I really think that the curries will make that push to five starI've been in a couple times since moving to the area. Both times were great! The specials have been good and the drunken noodles the best I've ever had in the US. Their pastry chef is French trained, which is odd -but his fruit tarts are wonderful (and this from a guy who trained at le Cordon Bleu).Trio may be Philadelphia's best kept secret.  In fact, I'm hesitating to write anything more about the amazing experience my boyfriend and I had over this past weekend.
BACKGROUND:  As if Trio's food wasn't stand-alone awesome enough, they had donated a gift certificate to a raffle last year for "The Dude Hates Cancer" for the Leukemia Society's grand prize.  Lucky me, I had won the raffle and was able to enjoy brunch here before we went off to the Art Museum.
BRUNCH:  My boyfriend and I really weren't expecting much to be honest.  I mean, how could a place that specializes in Thai food be that good in making brunch food?  Umm...boy I was wrong.
My boyfriend had gotten a side of thick-cut bacon coated with some kind of delicious a honey glaze.  A "religious experience," he proclaimed.  It all could have stopped there, but it didn't.  This glorious bacon accompanied a Crab Cake, Quail Egg on Prosciutto dish.  The crab cake was done beautifully.  Not overburdened by breadcrumbs.  You could really taste the beauty of the crab meat.  The side of "house fries" this dish came with were legit potatoes that were kind of like potato chips.  These potatoes were neither French Fries nor Potato Chips.  Totally a "discuss amongst yourselves" moment.
This life-changing experience didn't just stop there.  It continued on with the most mouth-watering blueberry and ricotta pancakes that have ever touched my lips. I hate using the word moist *shivers*, but there really is no other way to describe this gooey delicious party going on in my mouth.
SERVICE:  Our waiter was wonderful and spent some time talking to me and my boyfriend about the area (as we're both from out-of-town).  He gave us advice on where to get a bottle of wine on a Sunday.  And, our way out the Chef even popped out to greet us (totally unexpected) and wished us a great trip to the Art Museum (wait how did he know?).
Trio, I heart you.  My boyfriend and I went to numerous "Best Thing I Ever Ate" and Iron Chef restaurants on this trip, and dammit, you stand up as the clear winner.
I love you forever, Colleen.I've been here about three times. First time with friends and we just had a great price fix dinner on Halloween and it was delicious, it made us want to try it again. Then we came back for our Anniversary and had a great dinner, the Beggar's pouches were what stuck with us the most. We then went back with friends after a regatta and the place was kind of empty on a Sunday afternoon but the food was still just as delicious.Went to Trio for a dinner with my friends and family and from the moment of reservation the staff was very friendly and accommodating! We had quite a few last minute changes and despite all of this they still were very nice and friendly. We made reservations for dinner and tix to Terror behind the walls and three people in our party cancelled at the last minute. Instead of charging us for the tickets they actually went out and sold the tickets for us so we wouldn't have to pay for them. Then through dinner they were so very nice and accommodating to us we had such a nice time. Food was totally delicious. The egg rolls are to die for and the hazelnut mousse desert was phenomenal. Thank you Van and Marcus and the rest of the Trio family. We will surely be back to visit!Went for the red velvet cake and damn near fell in love. Will be back for an actual dinner.3 stars for BYO, decent vibe, solid thai staples.
Lack of more stars for the specials menu writing checks the kitchen can't cash. 
The seafood medley thing we had was fairly awful. The lobster was truly inedible, the shrimp and scallops were overcooked, and the brown sauce was $5.00 take out brown sauce.
The Drunken noodles, however, were quite tasty, as were the myriad of apps we had. The shrimp dumpling soup was nice as well, simple, hot, and tasted relatively fresh.
Maybe I just had a bad batch, who knows. I'll definitely order from and come here again, but mainly when I gotsta have some Drunken noodles and Chicken satay.This place is good, but is very inconsistent that's why I say is good. Sometimes is great sometimes is ok.  Which makes it a three star on my opinion. That said, I recommend you get the sea food hot pod.  Everything else is good, but nothing to write home about.Solid food bit delivery takes 1.5 HOURS even on a slow night. Grub hub says they have to fulfill refunds constantly.  Mine was just another tonight - never got food.
They offered a free $3 desert but the driver would have to go back and get it while we continue to wait. Sad managing skills,  hire another driver.Ouch, bad service from start to finish mars a mediocre, at best, BYOB meal.
Things got off to a bad start when we were walking to the restaurant at 7:30 and got a call from the owner telling us our reservation was unacceptable.  We used open table, that we got to from Trio's website, 8 hours before and somehow they did not see the reservation until the actual time of the reservation and they thought they gave our table away.
In the end we got seated quickly in a more than half empty restaurant.
I hoped that things would improve from there, but instead they went downhill.  Seated at 7:40, appetizers ordered by 8:00; wrong apps delivered sloppily at 8:40, correct apps delivered at 9:05.  Oh, the apps were soup and when we ordered them we were told it was "premade" and no changes were possible; what takes 30 plus minutes to ladle soup into a bowl?  I also want to point out that the wrong apps were delivered with half of the soup having spilled all over the plate underneath and onto the spring rolls on the other plate.  The server still tried to place this mess on the table.
When our food finally came it was average at best.  No special flavors or presentation in the food.  I have had dishes as good from Trader Joe's frozen department.  And those dishes were not as expensive and they did not take as long.
The final insult comes with your credit card returned to you with an IPad and the tip is suggested on the front screen in bold; if you want to tip at another level, you have to hit "another option" while the waiter hovers over you to see what you are tipping.
All in all, I am sorry I tried this place.  I will not venture back.  I recommend you spend your money at a restaurant that has better food, better service, and an overall experience that would be more enjoyable.  Philadelphia has so many excellent BYO restaurants, it is not worth your trouble here.A gf raved about Trio to me and I was up to try it. I do like thai food in general.
Looking at the website the menu didn't have a ton of options that peaked my interest.
I ended up ordering the beggars pouches and the sweet corn fritters.
The beggars pouches didn't agree well with me after i started eating the 2nd one. Maybe it was the sauce it came with. 
I preferred the corn fritters but I couldn't tolerate that too much either- I did prefer the sauce of this though.
I think it was probably more because they were fried.
Staying away from the usual, i avoided the pad thai. Not interested in the salmon or anything with chicken. The seafood hot pot looked interested but I was trying to stay within budget.
I ended up getting the crispy tofu ginger dish. It wasn't that bad actually. I enjoyed the tofu a lot. Which it had more sauce though. I ate with the white rice it came with.  The dish was not WOW'ing in any way.
I can't say I'd go back to this place. It's not a bad place, just not noteworthy. If I lived close by i may try another item on the menu.Love this restaurant.  And so glad it's in our neighborhood.  Always very good consistent food, the Pad Thai is one of my favorites.  Great selection of appetizers too.
Friendly service and very fair prices.Trio is a great restaurant.  The portions are huge, prices right, and service is excellent!  Did I mention it's a byo?  Excellent!Trio is a delicious, cute BYO right in my neighborhood! We ordered a bunch of apps and the Pineapple Fried Rice and they were all delicious (samosas, beggar's pouches, and potato cake things). 
-.5 star for service...wasn't slow, but our waiter was just really strange. Very reasonably priced I would definitely recommend it, especially if you live around Fairmount!In total I have eaten here 2-3 times and the food honestly is worth it. However, the 2nd time I tried eating here they said they didn't take card over the phone. (I paid by card before). I would recommend this place in a heart beat.We pick up from this place all the time and eat there. Occasionally we get delivery. Delivery had said 90 min so we called and the phone number is now disconnected. 90 minutes at this point had passed. My boyfriend had to go there and the food was not even sent out. This is on a Tuesday night. This place although the food is okay service is terrible. Last time we ate there service took way to . I NEVER write reviews but people should definitely be aware of their poor service.Oh just a delightful, little BYO. 
I have ordered both take-out and sat down and ate with my number one pal. Their pad thai is so so so freaking good. Their drunken noodles are bangin. Stay away from the papaya salad--it's overpriced for what it is. (The best papaya salad is at NAM PHUONG OMG NAM PHUONG I WANT IT RN)
Desserts were yummy. 
Also their is lovely outdoor seating but I'm a little wuss and was too cold to sit out there.
Overall, a smidge pricey, but it is fast, yummy and literally a block away from where I live.
See you in a couple weeks, Trio.If I were just rating their lemongrass meatballs, this would be a 10 out of 5 stars.
Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs Lemongrass meatballs 
They're delicioussssssssssss!!!
Sorry to say, but the pad thai and drunken noodles leave MUCH to be desired.  Thai food is amazing because it is full of robust and rich flavors.  These dishes.... did not have that.  The lemongrass meatballs, however, are consistently good.  The prices are also very high for the quality...  :(  I'm really sad to say all of this, but this restaurant used to dish out food that was MUCH tastier back in 2010 than now.  
The rooftop deck of Trio overlooking the Fairmount area is a beautiful and quaint place to have a romantic dinner... just don't get the noodle dishes.  Stick with the curries, they are much better at that than anything else.  And again... LEMONGRASS MEATBALLS!This is based on a my first and only delivery service from here.
First off the delivery took 30 minutes more than the anticipated estimate. Placed order at 5:15pm, confirmation stated around 6:15pm, it was delivered at 6:30pm without a call to notify us. 
Second off, the noodles are just OK -- and priced at $13 ( with delivery comes to $17) it's not something I'd get again. It's not terribly authentic -- they use American broccoli and eggplant in the dish.. and as some of you may know it's traditionally made with Chinese broccoli but of course, never with eggplant that is kind of an odd addition. It's also listed as " crispy tofu" and let me tell you that was not crispy tofu.. it was soggy.. 
The food was pretty okay, but nothing that blew my socks off to make the money worth it. I hate to say it, but it tastes like your average corner store $5-6 Americanized stir fry  which I'm not a fan of. 
Was looking forward to  this place, but unfortunately will not be a repeat customer.Nice Thai place in Fairmount.  Beggars pouches are phenomenal!My boyfriend and I went here on a whim on Sunday night. We live in the area, and thought we would give it a whirl!
Boy were we glad we went! First of all, they have a lovely deck that sits along an ivy-covered brick wall. It's so pretty out there!
Second, our server was just wonderful. So helpful with the menu, very honest. He really took care of us. 
Lastly, the food was impeccable. My boyfriend spent 3 months living in Thailand, and said this was the most authentic this food he had since his trip. It was that good!
It's Byob, which rocks. They will mix you up a pitcher of sangria if you bring the wine. What more do you need?
Needless to say, we will definitely be going back. Just lovely!Had many meals here and take out as well, always great/friendly service. Great BYOB spot and very good Thai food as well.We have gone to Trio for years, but hadn't been there in a while, until tonight. Everything is always delicious (my favorite is the tofu and veggie pad thai.) The food was taking longer than usual tonight, but we didn't mind. It was nice just sitting enjoying a glass of wine while the sun went down. We were pleasantly surprised when our friendly waitress brought a plate of shrimp and corn fritters to our table, apologizing for the kitchen delay. It was a nice surprise, and delicious, too. We really appreciate that kind of excellent customer service in addition to consistently good food, and are happier than ever to live near Trio. We will be back soon!Cannot wait to live closer to this place! A couple of friends and I went for a lady date and were ready to eat a tonnnn of Thai food. There was an adorable outside patio that I'm really looking forward to sitting at during the summer too!
We started off with the Beggar's pouches, which were kind of like crab rangoons, but no cream cheese filling. The sweet chili dipping sauce was absolutely amazing, and the pouches served perfectly to get us hungry for our meals.
We all split the Green Curry, Seafood Hot Pot, and the Drunken Noodles.
The green curry was absolutely my favorite. Perfectly spicy and came ladden with veggies, chicken and rice. So refreshing and such a delicious sauce. I ended up putting the sauce on every dish cause it was so perfectly coconuty and spicy.
The seafood hot pot was really great! Tons of shrimp, scallops, and calamari. Veggies on the side with rice were carrots, zucchini and squash. I wish there was a sauce involved but the lightness of the noodles with the seafood was really delicious, plus, the green curry was seeping into everything :)
The drunken noodles were also delicious! Very gingery and lemon-grassy. Perfect compliment to our carbo loaded meal.
Definitely coming here again as it was moderately priced and a BYOB!!
One and only one downside: no chopsticks :(While the special of chicken wings was amazing, my seafood pot's noodles had sections with a burned taste.  The pad Thai was just avg compared to others we have had.
While I think perhaps I just got unlucky on the seafood pot, your experience muay be better.A nice, neighborhood place. The food was pretty good but the service was incredibly slow. To be fair, we had a party of 8. But, to be whiny, it took over 2 hrs for us to get out of there (ordering and eating at a normal pace).Got take out and arrived right as they were packing the food.  It was a quick walk home so I wasn't worried about the food becoming soggy.
We each got an entree and split Vegetable Samosas, which I say were good but they seemed pretty bland, the peanut sauce was delicious though.  
My Girlfriend chose the Pineapple Fried Rice with Tofu and Vegetables.  I thought it was ok because it was seriously lacking spice.
I got the Drunken Noodles with Chicken.  I thought mine was my dish was better than the pineapple fried rice, but once again there was a complete lack of spice.
When I eat Thai I am expecting a very distinct taste followed by a very hot spice.  This did not exist.
I won't be going back for a long time.I've probably ordered delivery from this place more times than I can count. I always get their famous pork drunken noodles and it never disappoints. The delivery is really prompt and I think it's faster than what the website says.I've been here a few times now. The food is delicious but what gets me back is the atmosphere and the staff. Call me old for my age, but I hate having to talk over loud music or crowds at dinner. I would much prefer a quiet space. Trio is great for that and very relaxing in general. It is really spacious and I'm not sure how they stay in business since I've never seen it close to full. The staff are awesome and very accommodating. We have had different waiters/waitresses but they were all very sharp and sincere. 
I have been a little disappointed with the take-out (hence the four stars), but whatever - it's takeout. I've never been impressed with anyone's takeout. It's very nice having Trio two blocks from the apartment!Trio was okay. I can't say id be back because nothing i had really stuck with me. We decided to try out the appetizers. So when the waitress came (who was very nice btw) we said we wanted the beggars pouches, vegetable samosas and the pancetta spring rolls. We waited a while and we were the only people in there. 
While we waited i sipped on my Thai iced tea which was very bitter. 
The food finally came and we were missing the pancetta rolls and she brought us seafood dumplings instead. We weren't upset we decided to try them anyway. (Even though she should have said something). The seafood dumplings were gross, slimy and mushy. the beggars pouches were delicious and I've had better vegetable samosa. 
After we ate everything we weren't all that satisfied. So if i happen to go to the museum again maybe ill try an entree but i really wasn't impressed. The fact that no one was there should have been a sign.I love Trio.  So excited that they are expanding to 2601!  I look forward to their new restuarant.This is my favorite Thai place in philly! I have been here countless times for dinner. It is conveniently right by my sister's apartment also. There food is delicious every time. My go to here is the drunken noodles with tofu and vegetables. They have the best drunken noodles I have ever had. My second choice here would be the pad Thai. It's also byob here which is always a plus in my book. I have also been her for my sister's birthday dinner and paid a fixed price of $25 per person for appetizers, entrees and dessert. Everything was great! The service here is always outstanding and food comes out hot, fresh and cooked to perfection. I love it here! I definitely recommend this place if you're in the Fairmount area!The Pad Thai was perhaps the most bland dish I've ever consumed: no peanut sauce, zero pizazz, and lacking in volume. The drunken noodles were too small in portion and also lacked character. If I'm going for Thai, I'll be at Circles in South Philly for sure. (The jasmine rice ain't bad, tho.)I was here with a group and we had a special group menu. I got the crab dumplings, the chicken and waffles, and pumpkin cheesecake. All of the food was delicious and was good sized portions. However the service was a bit lackluster. It's a small restaurant, there weren't many people in the restaurant besides our fairly large group, yet it took forever to get our orders taken in the first place or to get any refills on beverages.I love Trio. Me and my wife have been going here for almost 3 years. The atmosphere and service is wonderful. We've been there alone or with small to large groups. 
We like sitting out on there deck when the weather permits. My recommendations include the Thai Style Samosas, Drunken Noodles, and Crispy Tofu with Ginger.  
Also, My wife had a surprise birthday diner there for me this year. She reserved the third floor and had 30 family members and friends there. They were given three options for apps, entrees, and dessert on a limited menu. The food was fantastic and the service was great (even though they had to deal with a loud and obnoxious group).
We have also had there take out a few times, which I think is great in terms of take out standards.BEST Thai food in the city! And right in my 'hood! :) Awesome place to go with the girls and some bottles of vino.  The spicy Drunken noodles is my all-time favorite!!  Also great for takeout and can serve as dinner and leftovers for lunchThis used to be my favorite Restaurant, my favorite dish I always got was the Pineapple Fried Rice because of the Cashews. However the last two times I ordered take out there were NO cashews in the dish, two times in a row. Even after specifying clearly. Disappointing  won't waste my money anymoreThis is one of most dependable restaurants in the area. Service is always good, and the food is always good. Highly recommend the crispy duck and the pad thai. Both are delicious, although the drunken noodles are good too. For appetizers, the beggar's pouches can't be beat. 
As others have said, parking is tough in this neighborhood, so you might end up a few blocks away, but it's worth it.Was not familiar with this restaurant until this weekend.  AWESOME!!!
Food was great, Service was great, and you could not beat the price.  also ITS a BYO!!!! HOLLA! One app, 4 entrees, and 4 desserts (save room, you'll definitely enjoy!!) cost us a whopping $100.  FANTASTIC!I live in the building of Trio's new location and crave their food every time I pass by. Tonight we went for a pre-Valentines Day dinner with my wife and her parents. Everything we ordered was fantastic, including 2 apps, 4 entrees, and two desserts. Service was excellent. 
The restaurant is also wheelchair accessible through the lobby of the building. I use a power wheelchair and had no difficulty getting in, which is sadly an issue in Fairmount.I really, really, wanted to like Trio. It's near my house, byob and thai, which are all big pluses. Unfortunately I just don't. I thought my first dining experience there 2 years ago was a fluke so I decided to give them another try with take out. Again, there was something wrong with the flavors. I ordered the green curry with tofu and vegetables. It came with very little sauce and only a few large triangle pieces of tofu, that I ended up cutting into 4 pieces each. Not used to needing a knife with curry! While it did have a lot of veggies which I would usually find a good thing, these all seemed to be prepared wrong for the dish. Long shaved pieces of carrot? 1 split head of bok choy? Tiny slivers of eggplant? Something is off with the way they prep they veggies for this dish. If that wasn't enough to disappoint, the flavor of the sauce was just off. On the menu it was marked spicy, so I was expecting the typical play of sweet and spice I have come to love in curry. Not the case with this, I found little spice in the sauce so it tasted almost sugary. If there had been enough sauce for the $12 price tag I might have over looked it and dealt with it, but for $12 I really want to just be able to eat my food, not finish the prep work.This is probably my favorite Thai place in philly. Good prices, friendly staff,  and good food. The only advice I would give is to stick with the thai choices on the menu. Their more american choices are just ok but the thai is great.Hm. I don't know how I feel about this place. Maybe it was the amount of time it took us to find parking. Maybe it was the couple behind us arguing in a loud whisper. Or maybe it was the green curry that took a year to come to the table and was just decent. Wasn't spicy, wasn't even somewhat spicy, and was served kinda cold. I went back a second time and ordered the pad Thai because I figured, what Thai restaurant could mess up Pad Thai? Well, it wasn't bad but it wasn't mind blowing either. It tasted like something I made myself at home. On the up side, it's BYOB. Maybe you'll have better luck than I did.Love everything on the menu and the occasional flash back dish to Isabel.
Had a rough day last week and was revived by classic shrimp pad thai.
Beggars pouches delight and seafood dishes are always fresh and delicious.
Best price in town and lovely atmosphere with good service.Yum! We're definitely coming back here for seconds! 
The samosas are devine - best peanut sauce ever. 
This place is a gem.This is my third time in trio and I love it. I love the food and the prices. It a great place to go with your friends or a date. Great that is byob. My only complain is the service. Is getting bad, the sever was not attentive to us. We had to keep on asking for him to show to our table because we needed water , desert, and the check.Great food, reasonable prices , good service. 
Now having lunch. Homemade ice cream, cookies and delicious cakes. Byob a plus. Love the drunken noodles & pad Thai.  But if the roast pork is offered don't miss it. Salads crisp & fresh. Staff attentive and friendly. A favorite of mine!Love loved this place. very cute, clean BYO with some of the best thai I've had in Philly. Their green curry and lemongrass meatballs were absurdly good. Never thought I'd have meatballs at a thai place but put lemongrass in some meaty balls and you got yourself a good evening ;-)
The drunken noodles were prettier than most thai dishes with massive noodles on them and had such great flavor. We also tried the beggars pouches and the seafood hot pot with glass noodles which were both good too. 
Our server was nice and didn't judge us 3 small ladies throwing down every kind of bottle alcohol comes in, so that was cool. Prices are fair for the quality of the food and being in a cute transformed rowhome that was well decorated felt right for a fairmount byo. 
Will be back time and time again! Esepcially in the summer since it looks like they had a patio you can eat out on too!This is one of our favorite restaurants.  The new location isn't as intimate and romantic as the prior location, but the food and service is still top notch.What a fantastic dinner! We sat on the rooftop and had a wonderful experience. The food was delicious - I would recommend the most popular appetizer and the fried rice with lemongrass meatballs. Delicious. Our waiter was also amazing. He was the only one there and the place got pretty crowded, but he was so quick we couldn't even tell. It is also BYOB, so that was the cherry on top for us! A great ambiance and delicious food means we will be visiting again soon!There's no booze here, let me just get that out of the way.  It's a BYOB but I was not aware of this.  That's what happens when you don't pay attention.
My boyfriend and I went here based on the Yelp reviews so we were a little disappointed.  We had a brand new waiter which meant long waits for refills and answers to questions.  That definitely took away from our experience but I do understand the need for new hires so I tried not to let that get to me.  Too much.
The entrance is weird because the first floor wasn't being used but the kitchen was there.  So you enter and then go upstairs.  It looks like a laundry store front until you get to the dining level.
We ordered the special app of fried deviled eggs filled with guacamole.  These were interesting.  The outside of the egg was lightly fried and the texture of this was really odd.  So while I would definitely recommend ordering these, I never need to eat them again.  
Main courses of Pineapple Fried Rice and Drunken Noodles were good but not great.  Just average, hence the score.  
For dessert, they came by with an iPad and photos of the desserts.  Which look AND taste really good.  So I would go for that.  But, since it took me 40 minutes to find a mostly illegal parking spot, we might never return.  
All in all this was exactly what the rating explains but I like to write so there ya go.Their food is really good! Especially the pineapple rice. Very nice place and good serviceI've been meaning to get this review up for quite some time now and after having tried out Trio's brunch recently, I just had to get on and do a little raving.
Let's break this down into many little reviews....the food, service, and atmosphere.  One review just wouldn't suffice...
Food first of course!
There is one dish I get every time I go....the pineapple fried rice.  Throw a little shrimp in there and it's a delicious complete meal that will not disappoint you!  But would I ever let it be my only meal...no way.  I always share a few things with whoever I'm with.  The crab cakes and thai basil chicken are more favorites.  This is definitely a place that you'd want to order a couple of apps and dishes to try out a little of everything.  And as for their brunch....definitely stop in!  I'm a big fan of brunch and like to mix it up and try different places, but this will absolutely become a regular spot.
On to atmosphere...
Great for dates, dinner with friends, special occasions...just about everything!  Trio has several floors.  I've always sat on the second or on the outside deck.  On a comfortable day it is a great little spot!  The downstairs seating isn't as appealing, but there must be a way to make a small space more inviting to sit in....maybe fewer tables?  or maybe no desert display?  It's a tough one.  But needless to say, the rest of the restaurant is very inviting and comfortable....good ambiance for sure.  If you haven't been in recently, check out the new tables designed and built by Michael, one of the owners.  They are incredible!  
And the service...
Always friendly and want to do their best.  Sometimes I feel like one of the waitresses is actually going to sit down at our table and start hanging out, but I'd much rather that than someone snotty who is trying to rush you out or someone who really doesn't know what they are doing.
One last thing.....if you can, definitely walk or cab it.  Finding parking around Trio is not easy!  If you have to drive, add a bit of time on before your dinner to search for a spot, otherwise you could get very frustrated!
Overall, Trio is definitely a go-to place....one of my city favorites!Contrary to the previous review, I've never had a bad meal here. Sure, it's a bit pricey for Thai food, but certainly not compared to other restaurants in the Fairmount area. Moreover, this place is hands down my favorite eating spot in the 'hood. Unlike 99% of the other places in Fairmount, which seem to always have a surfeit of drunk, frat-ish people, Trio allows me to have a quiet, classy, BYO dining experience not too far from home. 
I appreciate the many "specials" they offer every night - that tells me that the chef is creating new dishes based on what is fresh and in season. 
Service: the waitstaff here has always been extremely friendly and informative. When I finished grad school last year, I had my graduation party here, and the waitress went out of her way to make sure everyone's needs were met, even though we were a rather racous bunch that was only amplified as we drank more wine.
I get take-out from here quite frequently. The tofu pad thai is my go-to dish, and it is always consistently superb, and generously portioned. 
In summary, I heart you, Trio. I don't care what other people think.More like cheap Chinese food, it really isn't like the stuff you get even at mediocre Thai places. Highly disappointing. Drunken noodles were soaked in soy sauce. Thai basil included raw zucchini, had no basil flavour, the tofu was overly deep fried, it generally looked sad. 
Also, though we ordered spicy, it was not at all. I also asked for no egg and they didn't comply.Previously, my husband and I had tried Trio a number of times but were disappointed. We gave them one last shot around March/April of this year and were totally surprised. The dishes are quite excellent now. They load the dishes with colorful, fresh veggies (which they definitely didn't do before). The flavors overall are very much improved. Before, I felt they were way too expensive for what was served, but now that the food is so much better, it seems more reasonable. My husband and I usually get takeout and have enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Our favorite dishes are the drunken noodles and the green chicken curry.