In my never ending search for awesome happy hours in the city I'm glad to say that triumph is top 3 for sure. My criteria for happy hours consists of two major factors. The food selection and the atmosphere. Alcohol is not a factor mainly because the specials for alcohol are fairly consistent at most happy hours. 
Food is critical for a good happy hour, let's face it after a long day of work a good drink and a small and tasty snack that holds you off till 730-8 is exactly what's needed. Triumph delivers on food in a big way; fries risotto balls, Cajun chicken poppers and sliders to name a few, but I remember the menu having a lot more options. The cost for the above ranges from 3-5 dollars and is totally worth it. 
The atmosphere is totally chill, spacious and perfect for a good sized group. Only thing is that triumph is not so close to a lot of commerce so it's difficult to come out as often as I would like.Came here on a friend's recommendation and had a really great meal and experience. 
As for the beers, I had the cocoa nibs beer -- really delicious and malty, but not too heavy. The Zitroen beer was really lovely too -- it had a strong chamomile flavor, which ironically, I don't like in teas, but was nicely floral tasting in the beer.
As for food, we started with the german pretzels, which were four yummy little nubs of bread with butter and salt drizzled over them. The mustard sauce was nothing special. I had the philly bacon cheeseburger -- a burger with the bacon replaced with pork belly, truffle aioli, a fried egg, and mornay sauce. This burger was genius -- and so delicious! The burger itself was huge. I was full after eating half of it. The truffle flavor was strong, but nicely complimented by the mornay sauce. If I lived in Philly, I'd be back for this sandwich, but I'd only order one and go halfsies. It's a massive sandwich.
My boyfriend had the fish and chips, which looked pretty typical and not very special. He was disappointed he got the thick "chips" and not the thin, crispy fries I got with mine. His dish came with a house made tarter, which wasn't very good - too salty and tasted of capers.  He wanted dessert, but there wasn't a big dessert selection, so ended up getting none.
The bathrooms in this place are unisex, which is kinda cool. And they played Nirvana the whole time we were there, which seemed strange, but also kinda cool, I guess. There was a good vibe here.Made the booking specifically to listen to live music and was told as soon as we arrived that they no longer have live music. Pretty disappointing. Food was average and cocktails are overpriced. Also, not a wide variety of beers at all... def not a good choice for a brewery. Overall pretty disappointing experienceVery cool place. I had no idea, or I would have probably have gone much sooner. Nice vibe and great food! I had a kale salad with Parmesan and lemon dressing, and also fabulous calamari and mussels. Neat little seating area with lounge chairs  and rolling surfboard shaped table. New wave tunes and nice service. What more could you want in a microbrewery?I stopped in with my friends that live down the street from here.  I originally had intentions on eating there but my friends mentioned sushi so we just had beer instead.  I tried the the honey blonde beer, or at least thats what i think it was called.  It was good and we stayed for two each.  Had I not wanted sushi I probably would have worked on a good hangover in that place.  The inside of the restaurant/bar is gorgeous, a classier place in my book to go to.I've been to Triumph several times and it's a really decent go to place when you find yourself in Olde City.  The thing I like about Triumph is that it's decently stylish and they are making their own beer right there.  You gotta love that.  It also smells very clean when you walk in.  They must keep those fermenters very sanitized.
When I lived in Jersey (which I feel like was eons ago) I used to go to the Triumph in Princeton alot.  Similar food but a very different layout/feel to it.  I like the one in Olde City because it just works well for the space.  I like their hummus platter and their tuna tartare.  Actually their tuna tartare was awesome.  I could have eaten way more of it.
The beers are very hit or miss in my opinion.  I did enjoy their pumpkin ale this weekend and their dry irish stout is one of the best in my opinion.  Very roasty and not heavy.  Mid range ABV, making it a nice session beer.  I don't like their lagers normally so I avoid them.  I've also found their IPAs to use hops that I am not fond of.  Still, this doesn't stop me from coming back.
I'm happy triumph is there as a destination in Olde City.  It has consistency and it's a great spot for weekend lunch.  I'm not sure I would pick it as a dinner destination, but I like how it's always in the back of my mind if I'm in the neighborhood.The regularly-rotating draft list makes me want to return to see what's new.  Coffee & Cream Stout?  Really?  Well it works - very smooth and creamy.
I was very surprised with the food here.  The first time I went they, had a sausage sandwich which was amazing, but unfortunately I haven't seen it since.
The few other items I've had have been good, but the Brewers Burger is one of the best burgers I've had in the city.  The bun is close to perfect - a soft, almost chewy texture and a some sweetness.  The beef is very tasty, and the sauteed onions round it all out.This place was great. Coming from California, I was looking for some good local brew. These guys definitely had it. The food was really good as well. The atmosphere inside is nice and casual.This was the second place PJ took us to.  It is across the street from Eulogy.  I had a Le Cinq.  It was a pretty awesome tasting beer for the huge alcohol content.Great Beers and Attentive Service!
We walked in without reservations on a Saturday night, 4 adults plus toddler and we were seated within minutes! They helped us with our stroller and then placed us back where there was less traffic which we Greatly appreciated.
We had a mixed group so we sampled brews and cocktails and they were all great. I loved the Gin Flip! The food was also great. The fish and chips were delicious and the carne asada tacos!
We will definitely return!We had dinner here last night before going to see a movie at the Ritz at the Bourse. In summary, the beer was average - my Pilsner glass tasted a bit soapy. The blue cheese burger was acceptable but nothing special. Fries were boring. Decor was nice & clean. Place was reasonably crowded and not too pricey though, especially for this part of town.DH and I were in from out of town for the weekend, and I was looking for someplace to celebrate DH's birthday. He loves his beer and pub grub, so I picked this place because they took reservations and it looked like it had a good vibe.
Turns out I chose perfectly. DH loved his Winter Ale brew, I had a great malbec, and we both loved our burgers. I had the Triumph Burger and DH had the Bacon Cheese Burger. I really dug the music they were playing: Nirvana, White Stripes, Black Keys. The bar itself looked cozy. I could totally see myself being a regular at this place if I lived in Philly. Our waitress was very nice and helpful, was happy to answer our questions about other places in the area, and she even warned DH that the wings weren't authentic (turns out that like DH, she was originally from upstate NY.) 
Anyway, not a "sceney" place (which I loved), but a comfortable place with solid food and drink. I will totally go back the next time I'm in Philly.Dear Triumph,
  In spite of that odd smell that hits my olfactory receptors in the face as soon as I walk in, I think I'm ready to say the L word. I really love you and your  half-priced burgers and 3 dollar draft happy hour special. Your beers are all great (some better than others) and so are your burgers. Your Brunch Stout and Glasshammer have affirmed my love for you. The Snakebite was awesome too.  I would much rather pay 3 bucks for one of the best microbrews around than 4 or 5 bucks for a bottle of that crap they call Bud, Miller or Coors. Aside from burgers, I can't say much about the rest of your menu since I haven't really tried it, but maybe we'll get to that point in our relationship someday. Your staff is friendly and I like your bartenders. Also, I love your atmostphere. It's modern, cool and creative and you don't try too hard to impress me with it. I have only two requests for you if you want this love to last forever: 
1. Please bring back the Le Cinque! I know you always have a steady list of new brews, but I love it and miss it sooooo much!
2. Please bottle your beers for sale! I know there's probably all kinds of messy politics involved, but I have hope that someday I will see your amazing brews in bottles that I can take home with me.
Yours Truly,
KimLoved this franchise because we had one in my college town and I was a regular. Solid microbrews and a solid American style menu. Triumph burger with swiss and mushrooms. Solid. The low-key atmosphere and inviting bar area makes this place solid. Did I mention how solid this place is?Good food.  Had a burger with fondue cheese and grilled onions.  The truffle fries were good too.  Why 3 stars?  Crappy crappy rude service.  Service took forever to come take our orders, left before taking everyone's order, finally flagged him down, he said he'd be back, then took our order.  10 minutes later...the KETCHUP arrives.  Three little cups.  But no fries.  15 minutes later, I'm starving and my friend had met up with us and gotten food from another place.  So i began to snack on her leftovers.  Finally see the guy and ask him where our food is.  Rudely tell us we're not allowed to eat outside food and I'm like, well it's because you haven't brought our food yet!  Five minutes later he finally comes back with it.  And we still had to pay a 20% tip because we were a party of 6 or more.  I only didn't get mad because the burger was good.  I would give 1 for service, +1 for old city and atmosphere, and +1 for food.Needed a place to go for dinner that wasn't going to break the bank and came across this brew pub on Open Table.  Made a reservation for 7:45PM at around 7PM and hopped in a cab.  Killed some time by walking around the neighborhood for a bit.  The area reminds me of Lincoln Park in Chicago.  Lots of restaurants and bars.  Very cool bar.
Went in to the bar and ordered a Love Potion.  $5 for a small snifter of beer.  Very tasty beer and the glass helped with the scent but would have liked a bit more beer for the money.  My wife ordered a Honey Blonde that came in a real pint glass for $5.
I had the pork belly appetizer that was pretty tasty and the braised short ribs for dinner.  I loved the short ribs.  Great flavor, very tender.  Served with potatoes and onions and other various veggies.
Wife had the stuffed artichokes appetizer that was rather bland and a burger for dinner with very good fries.
Service was a bit slow but the bill was very inexpensive.  Around $55 for a beer, two apps, and two entrees.Went to Triumph the first day it opened (years ago now) and recently last month.  The idea of a place serving their own beers in the middle of Old City (where, let's face it, originality is never usually rewarded) still works today.
Try their strongest beer (10 oz., they can only legally serve you two) and sample the food.  A good spot for a quick drink before meeting with friends at the other, less original, places in Old City.Definitely a cool place to hang out, especially for happy hour when all the beers are dirt cheap. The beers were alright, but nothing really stood out that much to me. The Summer Bock was pretty tasty, and surprisingly big at 7%. The Cream Ale was pretty solid and so was the Hopapolooza. I love rye beers, but didn't really care for the Jewish Rye. Same goes for the Kellerbier.
I was surprised at their unique menu items. I had the deep fried shrimp BLT sandwich, which was messy but really delicious. I found it cool that they have a rotating section of the menu that focuses on locally sourced ingredients.
Good atmosphere, friendly bar service, tasty food, and a good happy hour. If I'm ever back in town I'm sure I'll swing by again.I have played the triumph brewery with my band Kickin' Bear twice now. Each time I have had a great meal and have enjoyed their home brewed beers. 5 stars all the way!Time after time, the beer, food and service are consistently top notch. Triumph is on my list of "must visit" establishments. The combination of quality and price makes it a tremendous value.
I go to Triumph every time I go to Philly which is about once every other month. I go mostly for the beer. I love that the beer is brewed in house, it's seasonal and usually above average to exceptional. I put some of their brews right up there with Dogfish Head, Stone and Avery in terms of uniqueness and complexity. Some of my past favorites include Le Cinq, Glass hammer, Coffe and Cream Stout, Brunch Stout, and the summer hefeweizen they had. The only beer that was undrinkable was the raspberry sour they had over the summer. It tasted like grass clippings and acetone. The beer should have been dumped. It was a brand killer. I remember it for all the wrong reasons. Beer stewardship is great with good, even pours in the appropriate glassware. The best happy hour in old city where the beers are $3. The only drawback to the beers is that they don't sell growlers or take out. Triumph MUST start selling their beer outside the restaurant. Everyday they don't is a disservice to beer lovers!
The food is consistently average to good, but not exceptional. The menu changes very often and is somewhat seasonal. I like the refined bar food style of some aspects of the menu but they offer well portioned and flavorful entrees. I've had burgers, wings, sandwiches and a lot of other items which are all acceptable. I like going for the late day happy hour where a lot of their items are lower in price. The only issue I had with the food is that over the summer they offered a margarita pizza that was not a margarita pizza. A margarita pizza is fresh tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and fresh basil. Their pizza was a regular pizza with basil. I know its being critical but if you're going to call it a margarita pizza, make a margarita pizza.
The service is usually satisfactory. I usually sit at the bar. I don't know his name but the bartender I get nearly everytime makes me feel like I'm at a small bar in my hometown. He usually talks for a while when its not insanely busy. He knows his beer and how to make customers feel welcome. A true asset to the industry. I did have a bit of a hiccup in the service last time I went there to run the taps. I sat for 10 minutes at the bar during lunch before I got served a beer.
The environment is a good bar environment. Its open enough to accommodate bigger crowds they have on the weekends. Some other Yelpers mention the smell, I LOVE IT! It adds to the brewery atmosphere. The decor is simple and clean. I like the abundant unisex, personal bathrooms.
If you go to or live in Philly go to Triumph. I bet you'll go back time and time again. A truely fantastic place.My girlfriend and I stopped by in the middle of a long Center City walk.  It's a little noisy downstairs and the host graciously sat us upstairs away from the masses.  Our waiter (Andrew) was great and the "small plates" selections were a very pleasant surprise.  The wine selection was also suprisingly good and I agree with the previous reviewer that the Maibock was great.New favorite Happy Hour.  Went here on a whim as part of a bar-hopping birthday extravaganza for my boyfriend and our two friends who came from NY state to celebrate his day with us.  5-7, 1/2 price all drinks?  That might be enough to sell me already, but it just got better.  Their beers were excellent, and we were especially fond of the Jewish Rye beer and the Summer Bock.  The bartenders were extremely attentive, giving numerous generous samples of beers we wanted to try, as well as beers/liquors they thought we might like.  One friend had a 1/2 price fancy Scotch or something, and apparently was given nearly twice the usual amount, just out of niceness.  Though all the bartenders were great, one gave us some special attention, and even provided more Scotch samples to us for no charge.  He then crafted some AMAZING drinks for us girls, choosing a rye sour for me, and a raspberry gin flip for my friend.  Both were spectacular, and frothy with egg-white-y deliciousness, but the gin flip is really fantastic.  The $5 food specials were great- my boyfriend loved the blackened chicken ceasar thing, and the pulled pork sandwich.  I loved the vegetable flatbread- so tasty!  The sandwiches come with deliciously crisp and fresh chips.  So, so good.  Bravo, Triumph... We will be back as often as humanly and financially possible.The best spot for a micro brew in the city!  I didn't try any food but I found the bartender Aida very friendly and welcoming.  Thank you again for the excellent hospitality!Great happy hour spot! $3 craft beers and delicious appetizers! Also seems like it would be a good spot for larger groups looking for a great happy hour. In the summer it's nice to sit outside under and umbrella and enjoy a cold beer. In the fall I would suggest the pumpkin aleTriumph isn't the best brewery I've ever been to, but the decor was nicer than most.  The crowd was kind of yuppy, which is kind of a downside.  There was a DJ, and he was pretty horrible and the music was quite loud.  Their beers were OK, nothing special though.  They will let you bring your drink outside to smoke, which is kind of nice.  Good to know you won't come back to a roofie-coloda.
All and all, there's nothing special about Triumph but nothing bad either.Woop woop for good beer! I've been to many breweries, but this one definitely had the most modern feel out of them all in terms of furniture and atmosphere which was a nice change of pace. It fit right into the Old City vibe. Great beer and food all around. Yay!
Only weird thing were the uni-sex bathrooms. I suppose I can look past it.I have always felt that Triumph had great beer at reasonable prices (especially at happy hour). Their continuing creative seasonal beers, like Imperial Pumpkin Stout, are always a welcome sight. The food I have tried has also been good. After that, though, I find few things I like. I am not a fan of the fact that every table requires you to be seated by the server (its a bar, just let me grab my table). Nothing about the interior is particularly unique or inviting. They used to have music every night of the week, but the last few times I stopped in there was no music to be had; I later found out they don't have music anymore. 
Final conclusion, definitely try a beer here; great for a midday beer at the outside tables on a nice day. Don't linger, though, because their are many nearby places much more worthy of your time.Friendly service. Nice decor. We sat at a booth next to a Van Gogh style painting of Christopher Walken which was awesome.
I like that they brew their own beer, but I didn't think the beers were that good compared to a place like Iron Hill. I did the beer flight. There were only 7 beers available. The Imperial pumpkin was pretty good, but everything else was just average to me. Several of the beers tasted flat.
The food portions were small and the quality of the food just wasn't worth the price we paid. There was nothing in particular wrong with the food, I just think it was overpriced. I did really like their desserts though. We had the banana bread pudding and apple crisp. Both were excellent.
Ok brewpub, but definiately not my favorite.Went there by myself on a work trip- ate dinner at the bar.  Its a nice place for a brewery- the other places in the neighborhood look a little run down.  This place has a nice atmosphere.  Good beer too!This is one of Old City's best kept secrets!  The food is contemporary, the microbrews are pretty awesome, and the service is quick.  I've gone here for 3 events where food and beer were free, and it was wonderful.  I plan on going back for dinner!Triumph has a great atmosphere for relaxing and enjoying a beer. I found the bartenders to be very helpful in selecting a beer off their extensive list of micro brews. Then more importantly, the beer was very good. The seating area and set up of the place is very cool. Above you is all the vats and it makes you feel as if you beer is pouring down right out of the vats (which perhaps they are). It also is a nice place to enjoy the company of others while drinking a great beer, because it isn't so loud you can't talk. If you're in Olde City you have to stop by here and try a grea beer.With visitors in town, I and my friends decided to have a Friday night out on Chestnut for dinner and a few drinks. After purchasing a $25 for $10 coupon from Groupon, we thought we'd check it out. We had all heard good things about their brews, and the reviews seemed to say they had decent food and an interesting atmosphere. As we walked into the restaurant at around 8:00, we expected to have a bit of a wait, as it was a group of 6 people with one to be arriving soon. As soon as we got inside though we realized this wouldn't be a problem, as it was about half full at best and the bar only had a few individuals sitting around it (even though this is in a very busy and popular part of town). This isn't a negative thing, mind you, as I like a nice quiet pub, but it did strike me as odd. After a short wait to arrange seating for an oddly sized group, we were taken up stairs. 
The hostess seated us at a row of mismatched tables that they had put together for our group in a brightly lit side dining room with 2 other groups, but with 6 or 7 open tables. The room was sparsely but tastefully and interestingly decorated, with an old large freight door and local art on one wall. It was very brightly lit, moreso than desired for an eating and drinking establishment, in my opinion. Absolutely no mood lighting whatsoever with the bright florescent lights in this section, which was very different from the rest of the restaurant. 
After something of a wait our waiter finally came to our table, and we handed him our coupon, which he looked at curiously and then left with, and this is where things began to go down hill. He returned a few minutes later without the coupon, and not mentioning anything about it. At this point we began placing our beer orders. He did not seem to be very knowledgeable about the beer selections, other than to tell us that the rotating brewer's selection was no longer available. Very strange for a dedicated gastropub microbrewery to have staff that stayed as flustered and unknowledgeable as he. 
After a long wait, he returned with our drinks and took some appetizer orders, which he confused greatly as he did not quite seem to understand what we were ordering. By this time our beers were running low and he did not take new drink orders either. By the time he returned with our appetizers (which were incorrect, I'll get to that in a second), we had all been without drinks for some time. He finally got our new drink orders this time, and gave an apology that their computers had gone down and were having to reboot, but left before any dinner orders could be given. It was at this point we realized that he had added on an extra appetizer that no one had ordered. After a few more minutes he had still not returned with our second round of drinks (we had been at the restaurant for close to 45 minutes by this point), and our late friend was almost at the restaurant. 
We realized that they had not given us enough seats for our party at this time. Now, mind you, the waiter had been gone some time, and we had not seen any other staff around to inquire as to if it would be okay to move one of the many empty tables over to add on. So, we took it on ourselves to move a corner two-seat table onto the end of our collection to make room. Still plenty of space, and no one was disturbed. As we were moving it, a member of management walked by and asked brusquely what we thought we were doing. We explained that we hadn't seen any staff and were moving a table to make room for the seats we had originally requested. After we offered apologies and asked if it was okay, she said, and I quote, "You can move it, but generally it's not okay to move furniture unless its your own house." Since when did it become okay to make snide comments to paying customers who were doing no harm? 
Shortly afterwards more wait staff came by, dropped off our previously ordered beers, and removed our menus, before the waiter had even taken our order. A few minutes more, the waiter finally came back to inquire as to our dinner choices, at which point we simply asked for our checks. He acted surprised, and walked off, returning a few minutes later with the bill. Missing from the bill was the $25 off. We waited for him to return and informed him of the mistake. He apologized, took the bill, and returned a few minutes later with another, smaller bill. Only problem is, he didn't actually take off $25 (it was about $12 off). 
Highly frustrated with the service, we left enough cash to cover the amount listed, with a couple of dollars more. If he bothered to re-do it, he would have noticed that the amount we gave him was enough for the amount charged with the proper amount of the coupon taken off, plus an adequate tip (of about 18%). Now, I understand that computer failures can cause problems, but it was no excuse for this.  Pass on Triumph and head to one of the much better brew-pubs in the city.Triumph is really one of the best places in old city and great for large groups.  I recently went on a Friday for a birthday party and we were able to invade a private room upstairs with about 15 people.  There was no table service, but it was actually more convenient for people to just get their own drinks at the bar, which was also not crowded.  Also, they have great beers on tap.  I had a pumpkin ale which was delicious and refreshing!Hankerin' for a burger, my friends and I decided to brave the wait at Village Whiskey.  However, when the wait was quoted at 3+ hours and it was already 8 PM, we decided we needed to try something else.  One of my friends in particular is a huge fan of the blue cheese burger at Triumph, so we decided to cab it to the O.C. and try out the food.  
Upon arrival, we were told we'd be on the wait list (apparently a busy night in Philadelphia) -- we grabbed drinks and about twenty minutes later our buzzer asked us (in a woman's voice!) to return the buzzer to the host desk! Mind you I should digress briefly to talk about the brunch stout.  Slightly sweet, very coffee-ish, and an undetecable amount of bitterness made this a great stout -- it tasted a little like irish coffee, to be honest.  Really intriguing beer.  Anyway, we sit down and they don't have enough menus and ask us to share.  Strike 1.  Then they don't have water glasses, so we wait for water.  Strike 2.  I then order my burger and a second beer, this time going with the "Jewish Rye" -- which tasted somewhat like a lion's head with an after taste of caraway.  Again, a rather pleasant, albeit kitschy beer. 
Now the burger comes out.  Sure it's cooked medium rare and there's a ton of blue cheese as well as this goopy tomato marmalade spread on the bun.  Bun is eggy and soft.  But the burger truly lacked any distinguishable flavor.  Salt? Pepper?  This was just ground meat griddled up until hot.  Did not taste or looked hand packed either.  At this point, I am fully doubting my friends' taste in burgery goodness.  Next time, I'm sticking to Good Dog.Trip back to Triumph this weekend for a $4 beer special. I enjoyed a few Belgian Blonde's which were light and tasty, perfect for a summer evening. Our table started off with some appetizers including muscles, calamari, and pretzel's. Of the appetizers i'd say the muscles were the clear winner, the pretzel's were fairly tasty, and the calamari were ultimately a disappointment. For some reason they have changed their seasoning and breading which we caught on as we are come here about every other month. The waitress admitted they had made the change, and it left us less then thrilled.
Meals included Burgers mainly, a few salads. I have to say Triumph makes a good burger and fries. Its worth the price. We had caesar side salads, and while i'm a fan of garlic, all the salads had to go back as it was just fueled with garlic. We inquired on this, and the waitress mentioned they make their own dressing, and the cooks may have gone heavy handed.
All in all, a fun night. Winners were burgers, muscles, and brews. Losers were calamari, salads, and our wallets. Not sure what brought some of the changes, but they were not pleasant. I will say our waitress was excellent, polite, and offered to make substitutions for our surprises. I would honestly give her 4 stars, but rate the food around a 3 for the night (burgers would get a 4-5, beer a 5, but appetizers would go to a 1-2).This is my favorite bar in Philly. The beer is always stellar, food is spot-on and you'd be hard-pressed to find a better use of space. 
I'm giving Triumph a two-star rating because of the server I've been saddled with repeatedly. His lack of interest in his job reflects in everything he does. It takes a lot to detract from the accomplishments of the kitchen and brewery staff, but this server (name omitted) was up to the task. Were it not for him, I would not hesitate to bump this up to four or even five stars.Everyone knows Triumph by now, right?  Right??
I know a bunch of people who avoid going to Old City all together.  There's a certain crowd that OC is known for that scares some people away.  I'm okay with that, but I'm going to stand my ground and defend a few select places.  Triumph is one of the few that I really enjoy.
The food at Triumph is actually really good.  There's something a little odd about a brewery serving what appears almost like a cross between bistro and chain restaurant food... what am I saying, that sounds just about perfect, doesn't it?  I can only say that the menu is lacking some soul, like a chain restaurant may.  But it's well prepared, yummy and presented very very nicely, like a bistro may.
Triumph Brewery also happens to have a bar.  With beer.  That they themselves brew.  How bout that!  In fact, I tend to think that Triumph makes some very delicious beer.  I might add that I like to think I know a little something about beer.  So, needles to say, you should go to Triumph Brewery and drink some beer.  
Yup, they have liquor and wine and stuff too.  But that's pretty much like going to a steak house and getting the fish, isn't it?  Well, if you must...  They have an excellent wine selection and I've found that the bartenders usually know what they're talking about back there.
Incidentally, I rank Triumph pretty high on the list as a first date destination.  Good food, great beer and great wine, unisex bathrooms [wink, wink], and there's always cabs driving by on Chestnut in case you need a quick get-a-way.  If it's going well, you can walk across the street and try to get a pool table at Buffalo Billiards too.Stopped in here for drinks during Erin Express.  My friends wanted to get some food.  I looked at their selection of beers and started right in.  Their Stout was one of the better stouts I have had in a while.  
Food looked good, I would like to go back and try it.Say hopapalooza to the guy behind the bar...then say hi to the monkeys looking over the bar, when someone asks if you would like something to eat, say mushroom bruschetta and let the evening melt away ...After reading some of the other reviews of Triumph, I'm a bit disheartened that my experience wasn't that great. My girlfriend and I decided to stop in after our tour at Yard's Brewery for a couple of beers and a quick bite. I have previously been to both the New Hope and Princeton locations and am a big fan of the food at Triumph. 
Let me just start by saying that I was pretty disappointed at the service here. Upon walking in we encountered a rather rude hostess who initially had her back turned on us. When she did seat us, she pretty much threw our menus on the table and walked away without saying anything. Sorry if you hate your job, but don't take it out on me. 
Our waitress on the other hand, was very nice and helpful; however, she was scrambling to cover at least 5 other tables and scarcely came over to our table. This also confused me since it was a Saturday afternoon and there were at least a half a dozen servers/bus boys? standing around not doing anything. 
Not initially off to a good start, but their saving grace came with the food, beer, and the bathrooms. I ordered a Belgian Saison which had a clean, crisp taste with a hint of fruit. We also ordered a mushroom burger and short rib sliders. I always hear of people getting short rib sliders, but just never bothered with them. Thank God I took the plunge because these were amazing and even made me realize that I could never practice Hinduism because I just love cow too much. 
The bathrooms also provided to live up the hype of being great. I've heard many people brag about the bathrooms at Triumph as being the best in the city (this included one of the bartenders across the street at Eulogy). I can't say it was the best, but it certainly was a good experience. You will just have to see for yourself to know what I'm talking about. 
Once we finished our food, it took a few minutes, but our waitress came over to clear our plates and ask if we needed anything else. We both have AHA (American Homebrewer's Association) cards, which in some cases can give you a discount on food and or beer at select brewpubs. In Triumph's case, you are able to take 15% off your food; however, when we got our check back, we noticed that only 10% had been taken off. Not that it was a huge deal, but for the lackluster service and girl who hated her job at the door, I thought it was worth bringing up. They ended up taking off the 15%, but proceeded to take about 25 minutes to do so. 
All in all, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back to this particular Triumph. For other bars in the area, I would visit Eulogy or the Khyber Pass Pub before coming back here, mainly due to the sub par service. I would also recommend going to Iron Hill Brewery over Triumph, which is the same brewpub concept with nicer servers, a bigger beer and food menu, and better discounts. That is all.I went here just once....the food was not good...was bland and greesy...but I would go back just for the beer, and I've not even a beer drinker....but I can appreaciate the fact the make it themselves....Great place to unwind. The food is good. The beer is great and they host some of best local live music.I love this place!  Their kitchen is open late with "snacks" but their bar food has a uniquely gourmet twist.  I love that they brew their own beer, their blonde beer is my favorite.  Great atmosphere, live music, good crowd and never too packed but never empty.Triumph beers are worth the trek to Old City Philly. My husband and I got a beer flight which came with their 9 beers of the season. The Hefeweizen was delicious as was the Bengal IPA. Having visited Nodding Head brewery the night before ( and not having been impressed we gave Triumph a shot and were not disappointed.Upon arrival, I thought it had a cool atmosphere, but I was not blown away and don't really have the urge to return. We went to see a live band, but the set-up is not really conducive to dancing or really moving around at all. We left our booth because we couldn't see the band from where we were and there wasn't really a better place to go. There was a small space to stand near the "stage," but we had to constantly step aside for wait staff and people using the bathrooms.
I was drinking the Feral Wheat which I thought was comparable to most Wheat beers I've had, but none of us were impressed with the beer selection. I've been to other local breweries that have much more of a variety and much better flavor. 
We were a little disappointed with the food as well. We ordered the Steak frites poutine with fois gras gravy and cheese curds. For $7, you get about 7 large steak fries. I thought the gravy was flavorless and the cheese was ok. We also tried the dessert pretzels. It said it had a cream cheese icing on it which looked nonexistent, so we got some extra on the side. That improved it, but I thought the pretzels were quite dry and could have been a lot more sweet. Lastly, we tried a fruit cobbler that was pretty good. It was topped with a small scoop of ice cream. Nothing special though.
The thing I did like was that our bill with food and a few beers came out to only $35 after a 15% off coupon we had. Also, this is one place that has actually pulled off unisex bathrooms. There are individual stalls with sinks and it was extremely clean. That's the only real plus. I wouldn't totally avoid this place, but I will not be going out of my way to go back.One of 3 locations (Princeton & New Hope are the other two), this newly established restaurant and bar has a great layout, decent food, and some very good home brewed beers.  Try the "flight" sampler to pick out your favorites - a selection of 8 of the brews currently available, and enough for two to taste.  The small but eclectic menu has a mix of tapas, sandwiches, and entrees.  The thin crusted tomato, basil and mozzarella pizza is excellent, as are the fries, crab fritters, and vegetarian chili.  The fish and chips was a generous serving - crispy fresh "sticks" of Maine scrod, and more fries.  All the beers are worth sampling, but we enjoyed the "Love Potion" and Maibock best.  This place is going to be a popular hangout, so get there early if you head out on the weekend!Triumph Brewery is like that old girlfriend. When i first met her, she was great, new and innovative.  Triumph had great beers,  a pretty good menu, nice atmosphere, great staff and good people. Then we broke up. Triumph started charging a $5 cover charge on Sat nights. After a few months, we got back together. And in the words of the late great B.I.G. "Things done changed", i cant seem to get comfortable with her new hairstyle. A live band makes conversation impossible, the menu is not as good, and the service is questionable. Sadly, it would prolly be better if we broke up.I've come here a bunch of times. This place isn't just brewing their own beer, they're serving triumphant specials on drinks and food. During happy hour, sip on $3 pints, $4 house wines and $5 well drinks. 
Also try their $6 bar menu which features crispy calamari, herbed frites, wings, pierogies and more. Not sure if the burgers are on the happy hour menu or not, but they are pretty damn good too! 
This place is a nice break from the trashy bars in Old City. And they're serving food all night long, way passed most restaurant hours.I don't know why I was holding out on coming here, but that was just silly of me. Not only is the decor lovely, but their beer ROCKS! They have my beloved framboise on tap and service is quick and friendly (even the giant bouncers at the door).
I'm going back, and next time I'm eating. And, of course, drinking more framboise.Old City can be annoying and this place is actually okay if you're a beer drinker. All the beers are $5 which seems fair. The place is big and cold so it's not really a cozy, relaxed bar. On weekdays, it's not all that crowded but on weekends, it can be packed and too loud. The menu is limited so I usually get a burger. They have happy hour specials 5-7 with cheaper drinks and food. They have half-priced burgers then too but you have to get them in the bar area (wish I knew that before we got a table).Absolutely the worst service I have ever had...and I get alot of bad service.  
This is going to be a long one...
One of my bestfriends picked this as the scene for her birthday dinner.  We had a party of 13 and we all got there in stages(you know how that works). When we arrived the four that were there had drinks, we wre quickly asked for our drink orders and they came in a resonable time.  That was all at about 7:45pm.  The next time we saw the server was at about 8:30.  He came back and at this point everyone was there and obviously was thirsty.  We didnt know when we would see him again so we gave him our drinks and food.  Fast forward another 1/2 hr all still thirsty. The manager brings out our drinks finally.  We tell him we already like him better bc atleast he comes to the table AND brings us what we order. It's about another 20 min until the food comes...we still havent seen our server.  The food starts to come out and half of it is wrong.  it takes about 15 min for everyone to get some sort of food and even if it wasnt what we ordered we just took it.  One friend told the manager we assumed he fired our server since we hadnt seen him...we got no response.   
Here is the sad part...the food was pretty good and very reasonable.  But we already had a very sour taste in our mouth.  
At this point we had wisened up and just went to the bar to get new drinks.  Around 9:30 our server appears and doesnt skip a beat...he basicall showed his face and asked if we needed anything else(after we had everything).  Thats when someone said we thought he left and went to get a drink at mad river.  He laughed and said "No, I wish I have a party of 26 that is driving me MAD".  SERIOUSLY!!!! that is your excuse and he didnt even apologize once.  Now I have worked as a server and many of my friends have as well and we all know that if you have a large party dont be greedy and try to take more than one if you cant handle it.  
20 min later he floats by and says "I'mmmm backkk", we all just grunted.  We were never offered desert or coffee and were trying to stay polite about it but were all really pissed off.  Esp. bc it was our friends birthday and it was totally ruined.  Server boy(I call him this bc he never introduced himself) drops the check off and lets us know he saved us the trouble and added 20%.  Smart on his part bc although we are all pretty big tippers there was NO WAY he was getting that.  We called the manager over and said very calmly that first we need the food that we didnt order or eat off the bill and secondly we could determine what he deserved.  
I'm really sad that the experience was so horrible bc I loved the decor and the Amber Ale I had was very good...I only had one bc fat chance I was getting another chance to order.  I will never return though bc not only was the service horrible but the way it was handled was not acceptable.  Any restaurant in Old City should be prepared for large parties and being busy on a Saturday night!Great beer, service and atmosphere.  Try the beer flight.Triumph is pretty alright - I'd go back, but I'm not in a rush. They have a plethora of beer (all in-house), but nothing stands out as exceptional. The fried pickles are pretty tasty, but again... nothing to write home to Mom about... of course, she doesn't really care for pickles...
Anyways, if you can get a tour of the brewery you should take the opportunity to check it out. The brewmaster is pretty knowledgeable and will teach you about how all the beer making equipment works, etc.Die Bar der Triumph Brewing Company ist recht unscheinbar von außen, sodass man fast vorbeiläuft. Innen erwartet einen sehr freundliches Personal, ein sehr schönes Interieur mit den Braukesseln sichtbar auf der ersten Etage und natürlich eine Breite Auswahl an hervorragenden Bieren. Man sollte unbedingt Zeit und Aufgeschlossenheit gegenüber neuem Bier mitbringen und die verschiedenen Biersorten testen. Auf Nachfrage erhält man von praktisch jeder Sorte einen Probierschluck, also ruhig Zeit beim Bestellen lassen.My husband and I had dinner here on a recent philly trip when we realized our first pick, Reserve, was closed for a private party. We even caught the happy hour which was surprising because it lasts till 7pm and ALL drinks are half price! The Key Lime and the Pineapple Express were delicious drinks. We enjoyed the scallops very much, the stuffed pepper was pretty good, and the pizza was ok but crust way too thick and doughy. I would have given it a higher rating but the service was pretty terrible. It wasn't even that crowded and our waiter stopped by once the entire meal. We had to ask a member of the table cleaning crew for assistance and he gave better service than the waiter did. They also weren't very knowledgeable about the menu when we asked questions.  A fun tapas place with good live music and great drinks, but be prepared to wait a while for service and don't except 5 star food.Yummy food and delicious beer. Service was fast and friendly. We stopped in to eat before going to a show and made perfect timing because of the speedy service. The food was unique and very enjoyable. There was some live music which also contributed to an energetic and buzzing ambiance. There are a lot of fantastic places to eat and drink in this area, and Triumph is definitely worth a try!The beer is great! I like to go to a few different bars when I'm in Olde City, and Triumph is always a good stop. Some of the brews are pretty strong, which is always a good thing. The ambiance is nice. I'd like to come back and try the food here sometime.A friend told me that Triumph was celebrating Beer Week with $3 beers and I was immediately sold.  I drank 3 hefeweizens for under $10 and was happy as a clam.  I also tried the Jewish Rye, Biz Journale, and the Saison.  They were a little too hoppy for my taste, but they were clearly made well regardless.  The inside reminds me of Iron Hill Brewery and the menu looked similar.  We had dinner plans, so we skipped out on the food, but the trays that passed us looked great.  They obviously have a lot of events this week for Beer Week, but year round, they have weekday happy hours from 4-6.  I will definitely be back to indulge in the food (and more beer).I liked this place a lot the first time and not as much the second time. First time - sat outside, had fish and chips. Second time - sat inside, had the Triumph burger. The place is huge inside.
I like their beers a lot. I like the feel of the restaurant. The food was decent - I prefer the fish and chips to the burger. Their bathrooms are interesting - no girls and boys. Just a long row of stalls each with their own sink inside. Kinda weird at first.
I personally am not a huge fan of the service. They're not unfriendly, but I think it's a little slow and they don't check on you a lot. The table they sat my group at inside was also not appropriate for eating dinner - very low and lounge chairs. Somewhat uncomfortable for actual eating.
Service: see above
Environment: pretty modern, very spacious. It feels very lounge like.Is it just me or are the burger and fries here awesome?  I put Triumph in my top 5 burgers list. (Along with Eulogy, Race street cafe, Rouge, and Black Fish in Conshy)
Ok granted a brewery is supposed to have great beer and the folks who apparantly "know beer" aren't impressed. I drink Miller Lite 90% of the time so anything with flavor qualifies as a good beer for me. If you are into fancy beers stop at Eulogy first and choose from their gazillion Belgium beers with 15% alcohol. Then go to Triumph for the next few rounds and grab a burger and fries. You'll be sufficiently fat and happy at that point so the next stop is up to you. 
Last note, this place is modern (aka concrete everywhere) and thus pretty loud. Don't bring old people here. :)I went to this bar during happy hour. What a great happy hour. Had three cocktail type drinks for fairly cheap. We also got happy hour food, and those were so tasty. We had the fried pickles and quesadillas. Both good, but the fried pickles were EXCEPTIONAL. I like the atmosphere and I think they have great Happy Hour specials! Next time I definitely need to try their beers! 
Bathrooms are a little odd. I walked in a little hesitant, unsure where I was at was even a bathroom. I then saw a guy walk out and froze and said "Ooops. I'm in the men's bathroom." (You know, being three drinks in.)  He looked at me weird, but then helped me out by saying "No. It's unisex." So then I kept going and saw each bathroom is like it's own little stall, sink and all. So that was a fun experience. haha.Ever since I heard they got a new brew master for Triumph, the beer has gone downhill. I remember enjoying glasses of Le Cinq, Glass Hammer, Coffee and Cream Stout and some other really exceptional beers that I would rank against the likes of Founders, Cigar City and other top notch breweries. I have gone here a few time over the past year. I recently returned here for my annual "Running of the Taps" I do every holiday weekend. I was very disappointed in the beer selection. The Holiday Ale on cask was rather flat in terms of taste, thin and boring. I expect some heavy, high alcohol, and spiciness on a holiday ale. Everything else was just a ho-hum offering that anyone can easily home brew. The only good one was the rauch bier.
While the beer might be a let down, the food and service are still some of the best in the city. I had the biscuits and gravy with duck confit. It was extremely good and I suggest you try it.
I hope Triumph gets back on the wagon after a bit of a brewing hiatus and starts making some excellent beer. Otherwise, I'll go to Khyber Pass.I love beer. I love brewing companies. It is a great place to go to. The beers on tap were great. Downstairs was crowded but we went and grabbed a table upstairs which was good too. The place did have a peculiar smell to it but the awesome beer made up for it. 
Would definitely go there again.Bengal pale ale(pretty hoppy), brunch stout(delicious), soft pretzels and jazz were awesome. Look out for the first Thursday of every month for the brewmasters special.I LOVE Triumph's beer and the atmosphere.  There are plenty of tables and seats at the bar, so you can have a quiet dinner with your sweetie or bring a group of friends for a fun time.  That's all that is important to me, so I come often!  The food is not quite so impressive, nor are the food prices, hence only 4 stars.  The fries are pretty delicious, though, so if you're just looking for excellent beer and good conversation, Triumph is perfecto!Triumph is like a popular gorgeous girl in high school: Absolutely stunning on the outside, but completely rotten on the inside.
It's hard not to love what they've done with the place: In the heart of old town Philly, a modern, upscale and urban beer tavern with gourmet food. 
What more could you want? Well, how about some decent service. No, how about any service at all! Taking a seat, we waited at least 15 minutes before a server came to take our drink orders. And there are some interesting beers here, but the selection is pretty limited to what they have, only about 8 or so. For a place with Brewing Company in the name, I'd expect at least 20 beers on tap. About 20 minutes later we get our beers and finally we get to order some food. The menu is very upscale, gourmet, and bistro-y, food that I'm automatically skeptical of for being way too overpriced. Yet a gourmet free-range burger and fries were on their way. 
I waited like an hour to get my food. Okay, maybe 30-45 minutes, but it felt like an ETERNITY. I had already finished two beers, which I did enjoy (the pumpkin beer really stands out!). And I waited. Waited. Went to the bathroom, which is a trip itself: There's no sign saying where it is, you just walk into a back room with several dimly lit stalls behind wood-and-glass doors. Turns out they're individual bathrooms, but I wasn't sure if I was in the men's or ladies' room! Not that I care if I peed in a woman's toilet. But still, it's an unusual feeling.
Continued waiting. And waited some more. Finally, FOOD. The burger was absolutely delicious. I credit the free-range beef and the juicy fondue cheddar. Yet again our server neglected us, however, so we decided to peace out. Somehow they expected us to pay a 20% tip on our food? Psh, yeah right. They should be giving me back 20% of my overpriced meal for having to endure such an ordeal!
Triumph provides a stark example of how even the most delicious food and beer can be spoiled by snarky and poor service. NEVER MORE.Great location, tasty beer, delicious food. And not your normal bar fare either. Every time I've eaten at Triumph I've been very happy. I'm a real sucker for their moules frites, and do yourself a favor and order the veal sliders when they're on the menu. A-MAZ-ING. - that spells amazing. 
They've recently introduced a local menu, which I checked out last night. We ordered beef rouladen and spinach ravioli. I didn't know before last night, but beef rouladen is beef wrapped around some stuff, where the stuff can be anything from veggies to cheese, etc. It is awesome. I think our beef was a little dry, but the stuff inside (asparagus, some sort of cheese, peppers) was awesome, and so was the yummy stuff that the beef rouladen sat on. 
We listened to live jazz the entire meal, and it was just a very nice time. The Irish Red they've concocted is also one of their best beers I've had. Forget Cav's tonight - go check out Triumph instead.FOOD-
Great burgers, they're up there with Rouge's. Large portions, go there hungry!
Tried their Oktoberfest special menu... not too good. Wouldn't order from it again.
BAR-
Love the beers and their drinks they make
Good place to have a party, my boyfriend had rented the bottom party room out and it was a great time!Finally tried out Triumph Brewery and it was....ok. As a fan of very hoppy beer, their IPA was pretty weak.
My friend got the cheeseburger which I tried some of and it was decent, better than the beer.
I do have to say our bartender was actually really cool and nice which I haven't experienced much at most bars and the interior design and ambience was pretty good as well.Stopped in for lunch and a few drinks during a recent trip to Philadelphia. While there wasn't a large crowd (mostly due to the weather), the atmosphere was open and unpretentious; the kind of place where you would be equally comfortable taking a date or catching a game on TV. The decor was tastefully done without being too fussy and the service staff helpful, especially with beer selection and menu recommendations.
Had the calamari appetizer for $8, which was a bit skimpy on the portion size but more than made up for it in flavor and quality. The beer was quite cheap for a brewpub - most selections are in the $5-$6 range - and very delicious. Triumph also offers samplers if you're interested in tasting all of their offerings along with a full bar list of wine and spirits.
Given how easy it is to screw up the brewpub concept by either offering different quality of food and beer or by pricing out the average Joe, Triumph is a rousing success and a place I would recommend any traveler going out of their way to visit.Great Beer!! 
Isn't that all you really need at a Brewing Company. Only had drinks Saturday night but if I try it for dinner I'll let you knowI'm only giving two stars because the service was bad when we actually ate here.  Stopping in for drinks is fine.  The beers are not bad.  Unfortunately, our dinner experience was not good.  I ordered a G&T because I just wasn't wanting a beer.  It was so strong I could barely drink it.  Overly strong drinks are fine for those looking to get drunk but I really just wanted to enjoy a drink while I waited for my friends.  The food was not memorable and the service poor.  Our waitress seemed to be preoccupied so we had to flag her down more than a couple times for new drink orders and food.  There was also a jazz band that night and while they were fine it was crazy loud.  We were yelling at each other to be heard.  All in all, it just wasn't very good.i literally am only reviewing Triumph because of the bathrooms.  I felt so clever!  Until I looked down... "Wah wah waaaahhhh!"  Well, they have dressing room style bathrooms that are very sexy.  As far as the establishment: my friends and I were there for Girls Rock Philly Silent Auction so we didn't eat off the menu, but the chicken teriyaki skewers were good (pretty typical), and Laura like the piggies in their blankets.  The beer was enjoyable, although we were desparately searching for a list with the day's offerings!  The bartender - even though he was trudging through the weeds - kindly answered my questions and poured a couple of samples.  Overall I give it three because I wanted a bit more, but a good time was still had by all.Really good beers and food at really good prices.  Yum.  They usually have a beer on cask.  On the day I went, it was their Jewish Rye.  It was good, not too heavy, not 'bitey', and not much CO2.  I also ordered a chicken sandwich.  It was really good.  Comes with a chicken breast and a few strips of ham, greens, and a really tasty sweet sauce.  It also comes with house-made sweet potato chips!  I've never had those before and they were great.Great craft beers, low pressure staff within a warm and casual space,.  Live music on occasion.  
The only draw back really is the parking situation in Old City.  You've got the Ritz Garage on weekends and the small lot off of Front street, just don't try to park on Chestnut as the signs have crazy hours and the PPA are on hand to quickly ticket and tow your car.Went here with a group of people Friday night & we all had a lot of fun.  The food was really good, the service was excellent.  Most of us got burgers, and everyone said their burgers were excellent.
My boyfriend is in love with the Old Style Lager, and I am a huge fan of the Amber Honey beer.  They have something for all beer tastes!  I usually take a ton of pictures but I didn't this time...I'll have to make up for it next time we all go.
We were seated in the upstairs portion of the restaurant, and had pretty much a whole section to ourselves - it was very nice.  The waitresses were all on top of things, very proactive about refilling drinks, etc (since I used to be a waitress I definitely notice these things) and super friendly.  
We will definitely be heading here again - for happy hours and for dinners.Draughts were totally lackluster. Bartender was knowledgeable but a dick about it. Neighborhood sucks. Crowd is full of themselves. 
Boyfriend and I popped in here because we hadn't heard of it and wanted to try some of the stuff they had on tap, I had one of the most disgusting hefeweizens I've ever had in my life, and I don't remember what he had. It doesn't matter anyway because I won't be going back here.are you kidding? This place is weak weak weak.
They have a $20 limit on credit card tabs, which of course they don't tell you or announce in any way.  When I expressed surprise by this, the bro-tard bartender got all agro with me and was like: "well I'm telling you now!"
point taken buddy.  What you are really telling me is that you don't need my business.  Actually they probably don't,  because this place is literally overflowing with tools. Douchebaggery of all sorts is well represented.
Oh and the beer is completely mediocre. Some of the brews were average, some were bad (sampled a few because a friend and I each had to reach our 20 minimum, remember? awesome.)  No food was ordered, just lots and lots of shitty beer.
basically if you have a shred of taste or class, don't bother.Went there recently on a trip to Philly. Its located in a very cool area with alot going on all around.
The bar had a great, friendly feel and accomodated all types, including families with kids. Great bar area and a really nice huge couch that seats about 10 people in the back.
The beers on tap were really delicious. We only had appetizers but loved the wings and the pretzels were very tasty and original. They come in soft sticks and very awesome
Highly recommend for hanging out with friends in the back, watching a game or with friends in the bar area or even with the family.I love this place. It's walking distance from my house and has great food and beer, plus a cozy and fun atmosphere.
Eat: Try the Cuban sandwich or the smoked turkey.
Drink: The beer sampler rocks. You get a small glass of every kind of beer (for only $8).