One of my regular places when I was living in Philly, and I try to stop in whenever I'm back in town. Friendly service, decent food -- breakfast is especially good -- and the price can't be beat. It can get quite crowded on weekends, but if you go during less crowded times, they are happy to let you sit a while to chat with friend, hold a casual business meeting, or get a little work done.You're gonna walk in and be like "woah awesome!" About this place, but the food will bring you back to the soul crushing realization that you're really just at a diner.I have never had anything other than breakfasts here, but I'm a huge fan of diner breakfasts. I like to go with the "Mt. Airy": two eggs, some bacon, toast, and home fries. Oh, and coffee and juice. All at a reasonable price. I can't speak for the rest of the menu (which is huge) because I'm a breakfast-all-day kind of girl when I go to a diner.
I've always had good service and not too long of a wait, as I tend to go on weekday mornings. I enjoy the retro look of the new menu, and the fact that there is a deli and a six pack shop inside. A nice place to have in your neighborhood.I have been going to Trolley car for 8 years since first moving to Philadelphia. It is a fantastic restaurant. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. A must see in the Chestnut Hill area.We have been going to the diner for many years. It has some of the best diner food around but very pricey. Although I still go, we are appalled at how dirty and grimy its become. The floor is disgusting, especially under the tables. The rug in the other section smells really bad and looks dirty. The whole diner needs a major cleaning.  Its time to clean up.Delicious roast turkey hoagie loaded with banana peppers. The bread is good too. Side of homemade chips are seasoned perfectly. You will find something good on this menu. My waitress was sweet too!Great place for a family breakfast. The staff is friendly and the service is fast. Food is very good, home style.  Pancakes are light and fluffy,  eggs cooked just right. We had a great experience and would recommend this place.I love fish and grits and eggs easy over!!  I googled best grits in Philly and the top 4 were the 3 Green Eggs Cafes and The Trolley Car Diner. I have for a couple of years been convinced that the Green Eggs Cafes have the best grits I have ever had. So it was a no-brainer that I had to come here. 
I order the cornmeal crusted catfish and both of their grits--plain and white cheddar and had it with two eggs easy over. It camewith toast which was mostly overkill. The eggs were cooked absolutely to perfection!  I was very disappointed with the fish. The fish itself was fresh and tasty but the essential corn meal crust was moverseasoned in a way I found very disturbing. Some might enjoy the herbs in the crust but they completely took away from the purpose. Not peppery at all and not really salty enough (and I have a sensitive salt pallet that is easily overwhelmed). Now onto the grits. The plain grits could only crack a top ten list in a northern city. The white cheddar grits were good, but were reliant on the yolk of the egg to truly pass the muster. A proper corn meal crust would have aided to the grits as well, but that was unfortunately lacking. I rationed the eggs to get through the generous portion of grits, which made the meal far closer to my liking. 
The waitress was great. And she was immediately willing to indulge me my need for some of each grits. 
I came in with high expectations, what with their grits being sandwiched between the three Green Eggs Cafes and all in this top 15 list I saw. 
High expectations aside, I would have been disappointed by the corn meal crust and the good not great white cheddar grits. I am very glad I did not only order the plain grits. 
Now for the crazy thing about this place--They have a list of 400 very well priced beers!  A pretty impressive list separated into Domestic, European, Canadian, Belgian, Mexico/South America, Local Craft, Northeast Craft, Midwest Craft, West Coast Craft, and Southern Craft beers and a few Gluten free beers flavored beverages like ciders and two non-alcoholic beers as well. But they close at 9pm and 10pm on Friday and Saturday, so get your tasting in early!I went here with my father today and I liked what I got - the Roast Turkey Dinner. I wanted to get it with a baked potato and carrot + celery sticks but apparently they don't start making the baked potatoes until 3 PM or so. I found it a little weird, but not a huge deal, so I went with the mashed potatoes instead.
They put the gravy on the side instead of drowning the turkey in it, which I thought was kind of neat since I had gone to another diner (Four Seasons) and they pretty much drowned the turkey in gravy.
They gave me an extremely generous portion of ranch dressing for the carrots and celery. It seemed somewhat wasteful to me - I think they gave me the same amount of dressing as they did turkey gravy. Maybe it was a mistake.
Also they have mint chocolate chip milkshakes, which to me is a rarity since most places only seem to have vanilla, chocolate, and occasionally strawberry. I guess it's possible this flavor is more common in 40s/50s inspired diners. I don't go to enough of them to know for sure.This is one of the better diners that I've been to in the area. The club sandwich that I got was on point. Delish! The fries are excellent. My girlfriend got a Cuban sandwich with low expectations since we just moved from Miami & it was surprisingly really, really close to the real thing. The parking lot isn't abundant but there is plenty of room to make a creative parking spot. Unfortunately, you don't actually eat in the diner but in the restaurant adjacent to the diner. We also ordered Asian donuts which were very good but the sauce was very watery. That didn't stop me from eating it though! Expect to pay approx $15 pp for your meal.I have been here a few time. If you want a cute diner this is a good place for you. If you are looking for an efficient diner, you should probably find somewhere else. After waiting for about 40 mins for an omelet and 3 breakfast burritos that food was good. If they could speed things up, this would be a good dinerA great neighborhood like Mt Airy deserves a great diner and that's what we have at the Trolley Car. There's a lot to like about it-- excellent breakfasts, terrific burgers, a huge beer selection, real milkshakes for people like me who don't drink beer.Such a cute atmosphere, I really wish that the food had been better so that I could come back again, but unfortunately, it was one of the worse meals I have had in a while. I ordered a pizza burger (the special). Simple enough. But it took 30 minutes to get to me and was so over-cooked and burnt that it was all dried out. The sweet potato fries that came with it were cooked in old oil, you could taste it. And the side of homemade potato chips? Stale. No "crisp" to them. My dining partner had eggplant parm sandwich and it had so much breading on it that the eggplant was drowned out - and again, also fried in old oil that added a funky taste. The server was very pleasant (though a 30 minute wait, he did check back several times to tell us "it is coming!"  I asked for more marinara sauce (to cover up the dried, tasteless burger) and he brought it promptly. I would not come back here for lunch/dinner, but perhaps breakfast or ice cream would be fine.This is my favorite diner. Good food, good prices, good service. During the week I like that they have breakfast specials named after the neighborhood train stations (though I don't like the food in the special named after my train station). 
It's a great place to go for breakfast and dinner. And I too love the ice cream trolley out front. Now here's hoping that the construction on Germantown Ave won't hurt it too much!I am a fan in the past of TCD, but the last meal I had really gives me pause about what is happening to their food.  Meat loaf was about 10 percent meat and 90 percent stuffing, like in turkey stuffing.  Spinich artichoke dip is strangely infused with ham broth, hardly appealing to the veggie crowd.  Cheddar beer soup was way too salty.  Corned beef Reuben was good.  I have had good breakfasts in the past which leads me to recommend ordering food that don't require too much prep and are basic and can't be screwed up.  Someone needs to retaste the food.  Quality first or don't offer it on menu.Trolley Car Diner, I have been dreaming of your spinach and feta omelette. I was lucky enough to be introduced to this diner gem by my husband and father-in-law. I don't know what it is about Philly and South Jersey's love of diners, but I wish the trend would come to DC! 
Friendly servers, jovial diners, and delicious, hearty food served up in a vintage-feel atmosphere. I had no issues finding gluten-free options. YUM!Solid diner food, good music and atmosphere, and really nice staff. And there's beer. Good beer. Lots of it. So much beer.A very busy place on a weekend morning. I'd like to try it when it's not as compressed but, the wait moved quickly as the staff are on the ball and the place is enormous. 
The menu is vast to say the least, there's something for everyone!  I had the eggs Benedict and was very happy with it. The coffee was just okay, they'll give you real milk if you don't like those fake creamer things. My sister had the buttermilk pancakes and they were fab too. They have an impressive beer selection and apparently adult milkshakes...sounds fun, I'll have to return for brunch or dinner. 
The service was friendly, quick and efficient and the place was clean. Fun place.Had a post bar crawl breakfast here with friends on a Saturday morning. Food was very good - I recommend the corn beef hash and grits, though the eggs Benedict looked good as well. Service was pretty slow for a breakfast place though - it took about an hour to get our food.
+1 star because you can get alcohol there (beer, milkshakes, etc).I really have wanted to like this place since it opened.  I live nearby, and love diners.  Unfortunately, I can't say much good about it.  One word:  MANAGEMENT  (or lack of.)
They need someone to really train the staff- in timely prep., serving, etc. 
Service is usually poor, food quality fair, and prices are way too high for a diner.
Every time I go there (which is very rarely these days) I say to myself: Why did I come here again?"   A great location, nice venue, but just doesn't cut it.  It's a shame...Just go here for an amazing milkshake! Food is average. Place looks dirty and desperately needs updating!Me and my boyfriend was in the diner for breakfast yesterday and we sat upfront we ordered coffee and discovered a baby roach in the coffee the waitress acted like she didn't care!!!!!! Will not be going back!!!!!!!The ol' reliable Diner.  Decent food (improving) friendly folks, and a great neighborhood vibe.  All day breakfast and a liquor license--what else could you ask for?This is a great place the outside place is amazing and there breakfast is bomb the chocolate chip pancakes are amazing and there chili is amazing  too there fish waffles are AMAZING definitely worth a trySo Terrible. No taste. I had eggs Benedict and home fries. None of it tastes like anything. I get better breakfast at McDonald's. And it was cold inside in November even though I had 5 layers of clothing on. Will never come back here.Trolley Car is your typical diner but executes diner food very well.
Breakfast is served all day, so I got an egg and cheese sandwich on whole grain with home fries. The bread was AMAZING (I think it is Le Bus?) and the eggs were cooked very well. I was not a fan of the home fries, which were very bland and cold. I also tried the chocolate chip pancakes, which were huge, fluffy, and studded with chocolate chips - just how I like them!
I will definitely be back.I really do like this place, however the food is not very consistent. I normally get a hoagie - today turkey and cheese - but instead of a mound of meat that made the roll look thin, it was a few sad pieces of turkey, so I mostly tasted just the bread and the gigantic pile of hot and banana peppers they used to cover up the lack of meat. The side chips, we counted, consisted of twelve. Just twelve, whereas half the time, it's 4-5+ times that amount.  The hoagie was good, yes, but not $10 good.  
This is the same for pretty much everything we try here. Pancakes on the weekend are usually good, but not always. The egg wraps sometimes delicious, and other times dripping liquids and pretty gross. Hashbrowns are sometimes crispy and warm, other times mushy and cold. 
The staff is usually great, but today not so much. The girl spent most of the time staring at her phone and talking to her coworkers, while we waited and waited for her to notice we were done. I was going to get a refill, but after waiting so long, why bother? 
Normally we made a habit of going here if not every week, then every other week, but with how inconsistent they are lately, we are going to take a break from this place.Love the beer selection and the staff, they always seem to go out of their way to make me feel at home. Loved my omelet and home-fries this past weekend.  I'm happy to be a repeat customer and I'll continue to spread the word to anyone with an appetite for a classic American diner meal.We were visiting colleges with our daughter and stumbled upon this place.  Awesome burgers!  We did not drink but what a beer selection.  Very nice wait staff and cool cellphone charging station by the restrooms.  We will be visiting again soon.Low quality food, spotty service and the most revolting hollandaise I've ever encountered. If there's no where to go, I guess it's hard to screw up an omelet, but the overall quality of the food is just so very sub par compared to pretty much every other diner in Philadelphia. I guess it suits the need for the after-church crowd to flood in there on the weekend for brunch, but I can't see any reason to go there over one of the good diners nearby in Roxborough. They do have a good take-away beer selection, and once I had a bourbon-sauce burger that was pretty decent, so I guess that warrants a second star. But, really, its a convenient place for tourists and the nondiscriminating eaters and it's probably exciting for your grandmother, but in a city with hundreds of diners, this one is dramatically inferior.Terrible food. Decor is average but service is wonderful. Food just doesn't taste good. Great location and theme though. Wait time a bit long but it was expected for a Sunday breakfast.Love this place! Food and service is always great. Just stopped in yesterday while I'm Philly area. This is my third time visiting and food was excellent. My kid loves the donuts and milkshakes. Would highly recommend this restaurant to anybody. None of us have ever had an item we did not like. Owner is very sweet and welcoming and the staff are friendly.Great diner!  The french fries and milkshakes are awesome!
The portions are generous and the service is pretty good too!We have been wanting to try for awhile. It was one of the best diners I have encountered in the area. Staff was friendly. Good kids menu. My husband loved the veggies omelette and I had regular French toast. All fresh ingredients. We will be backNo customer  service, over charged , the owner well he is very poor example. Simply rude staff, dirty to the point of being gross, horrid food, and not a true diner.
This place needs help.  
They have beer and oddly a liquor license. 
Yeah a Rita's could not open  because the owner here opposed it.
New Diner needed in Mt. Airy/ Chestnut Hill.I've eaten here 3 times and I've never really been that impressed. Omelet not that tasty. Potatoes bland. (And they don't come with the eggs; you have to order them separately.) Service very slow. (I had to hunt down the waitress to plead for our check so we could leave.) You can probably find someplace better.Had to wait 2 hours to get a cheesesteak omelette, probably not coming back any time soonNice breakfast place.   When it is warm dining outside is a plus.  We don't go often but prices and atmosphere are worth it.I've been a PA boy my whole life but did a stint in Jersey. While there, I got spoiled by the quality diners that seem to be on every corner. 
The Trolley Car isn't your typical Jersey diner, but it is awesome. The quantity and quality of food is there, along with the variety on the menu. They also earn major bonus points for having a killer take-out beer store inside.
My only beefs are with the hours and the service... a 10PM closing time is shameful for a diner, and the service seems to be pretty inconsistent; sometimes it's on-point, and other times it leaves something to be desired.Had dinner here two nights in a row while in Philly for two nights.  Would have tried a different place if we didn't have two kids with us.  Food was excellent and staff was very friendly.  Husband and I had fun choosing from the 400+ beer cases.  It made for conversation with others as well.  Great for trying local brews.  I had hummus salad one night and trolley car diner the other night - love goat cheese.  Husband had really good cheeseburger and the cheesesteak the other.  Kids had mac and cheese, Belgian waffle, great chicken tenders.  Something for everyone and reasonably priced as well.Upon arriving @ 715 am,  the parking lot smelled of garbage.   Inside the smell was also disgusting. Looking around the counter and the booths you could see the dirt and grim. I was waiting to see a roach or mouse scamper out from where I sat, bit thankfully it didn't happen. Its no wonder the place stunk. 
Our waitress was efficient and the breakfast was adequate however,  the coffee tasted like brown water. I will never return to this dirty smelly place.I'm. . .actually not sure what I like about this place, food-wise. I've never had anything there that I absolutely LOVED. The menu is huge, however, so my dream brunch entree could be there waiting for me, covered in grease and beer and cheese, just like I like it. 
The beer menu, however, is glorious and expansive. And their cocktails are good! The donuts and latkes are tasty. We've always had good service, too - some of our friends are picky eaters and the wait staff has always been patient and accommodating. And since the food is okay, we keep coming back. I guess that's actually an authentic diner experience, isn't it? It's somewhere you can eat perfectly okay food with your friends and bitch about your week.Food and service was great. I had a vegetable grinder with kettle chips and my husband had grits with catfish.  Although my sandwich was missing the flavored mayo our waitress quickly remedied and brought over the mayo. This is a great breakfast or lunch spot.Love this place. I just recently moved to the Germantown area and was looking for a great breakfast spot. Not often that you can find many diners outside South Philly so I was excited to search through yelp and came across this place. I went one morning with my dad and we first ordered coffee. Was said that they stop carrying La Colombe coffee as it's one of my favorite. The breakfast was good and my dad loved the homemade biscuits. I got a Chocolate cake to go. It was good but a little on the dry side. Overall, I would defiantly come back and also try their dinner too.Great weekend brunch spot, but you may need to wait a while (~20 minutes)  before being seated and served your food.
I had eggs benny and it was pretty good, the poached eggs were a tad runny. My fellow brunchettes  had the egg sammie and 1 egg breakfast w/bacon. I tried out the bacon and it was crisp and light, just right. Our home fries were great, not dried out nor fried too much. Some homemade jams or jellies would've been great to go with the quality bread they served my friend, but she had to settle for the so-so pre-packaged Heinz things.
We were able to pay for the entire bill separately, which always is a plus in my book. I'd come back for: a burger and milkshake; one of their first Friday beer events; pancakes.Just sat at the counter for 10 minutes. Staff walked by me 25 times. No one acknowledged me or said a word. wow. Just wanted some eggs!I really liked this place. It's definitely diner food so don't come expecting to experience the finest eats on the planet. But let me be clear, it's good food. I had a pretty impressive crock of onion soup and a grilled cheese with tomato and bacon. I washed it all down with a spicy Bloody Mary and now I'm sitting here wishing I had my stretchy pants on because I'm busting a gut.Disappointing food, hey if a diner can't get the diner classics right then, what are you even doing being in business?! Got poached eggs, had to return them, the kitchen had no idea how to make them. The potatoes are meh, pro tip to the kitchen: salt does wonders for potatoes, guys! Coffee is okay. Everything is over-priced, however. On the weekends, long lines, not worth it at all. Go spend your money elsewhere.Got a rotten white and grey roast beef sandwich. 0% would eat and I'm not even picky. They comped it but that should never have been made or servedService has improved, and I get the feeling that they are trying a little harder lately, in general.  Still nothing all that great, but it's back on the list of acceptable quick options in the neighborhood for me.Exceeded my expectations! Surprisingly large portions, fair price and GOOD food! Will definitely return.I was shocked to see this only has 3 stars??? I have eaten here a dozen times and each time the service was always good, the food was always brought to the table in a timely manner the way I ordered it, and all the staff unbelievably friendly. If your in the mood for a sandwich or breakfast this is a must try for the area.Aww, man, this seriously bums me out to write this, especially since I have been all up in arms (along with the rest of the community) over the fact that the road in front of the business has been closed due to all that crazy roadwork on Germantown Avenue.
Long story short...the road directly in front of the diner has been re-opened. And I've been going here since the place opened a few years ago; that is, until I came to my senses and realized that the service was always terrible, the food sub-par and the prices a bit steep. But I rallied around the fact that it was a neighborhood business, and my aim in life is to give them my support.
So since my dad is in town, I made the executive decision to go back to Trolley Car so we could show them some solidarity. After a 20 minute wait (no worries...) we were seated in the section of a lovely waitress who actually remembered my family - awesome! But then it all went downhill. It took 45 minutes for our breakfast to come, half the things we ordered were missing and the taste, well, let's just say that we all stopped at the local coffee place on the way home for some treats.
Trolley Car Diner, I'm pulling for you. We all are. But being local just isn't enough. Your neighbors are pulling out all the stops to support you. I hope you guys do the same to show us that you're working hard to keep us coming back, traffic problems be damned!
xo to the waitress, though. That lady was working her fanny off.Been here a few times. Everything tastes fresh, and the atmosphere is cute and classic. Their cheese steak is surprisingly good as well as their fries. They have good milkshakes and old fashioned soda as well. Great local spot.Food was decent. I enjoyed my grits and biscuits. The cornbeef hash was amazing (not from the can) as the waitress Mya shared. She was very nice but the rest of the waitstaff was not so nice. From the greeting at the door to the look walking in, to trying to get a spoon from a waitress passing by with a ton of spoons in her hand, to my husband seeing 2 of the workersin the bathroom with their apron still on....I would not go back to this place. And we were visiting from NY. They really need to work on the customer service.As much as I truly love the idea of this place (an iconic looking diner in our neighborhood of Mt. Airy, with a wide-ranging menu of items that are sure to please anybody), I have to call it out for its frankly disgusting level of uncleanliness. Filthy floors, previous customers' cups of ice left sitting on the ledge next to our booth, a cold, condensation-soaked bathroom that had the general feel/smell of a public beach restroom, all made me regret coming, but I was starving and had already placed my order. "But it's a greasy spoon!" you might say. "A diner! That's part of the charm." In theory, yes, but if you are looking to fulfill your diner needs, this one might let you down on several basic counts:
1. It ain't that cheap, and there is little to nothing about the food that justifies the stinginess in the price of the menu items. There is an up charge for almost everything imaginable. An example that I noticed was the omelette, which starts at a baseline of $6 for nothing more than the eggs. I personally ordered a pretty lousy chicken cheesesteak for $9, which at least came with some kettle chips. The idea is that this is a "fun" diner, a fresh new take that has boozy milkshakes and donuts to go (which ARE good, I give credit where credit is due!), and is therefore worth it. More power to them, I guess. But if you are like me and others I know who have been here, you WILL leave having spent more than you might assume you would, for nothing more than fairly standard diner food.
2. I've seen the slowness/inattentiveness of the service mentioned in other reviews, and I'd like to reiterate that here. The server at our most recent visit was very kind, but my order was wrong and it took a long time to get to our table besides. She seemed to be one of the few working that night, so I sympathize if perhaps she was overwhelmed. However, service has NOT always been friendly, and two nights ago I witnessed an absolutely nauseating scene of a waitress (different from the one who waited on us), using her bare hands and a knife to dish up another customer's order of cheesecake, popping at least five bites into her own mouth and then LICKING HER FINGERS as she dished up a little more. Very discreet, and who can blame her, right?! Unfortunately, it was as alarming to me as the old French fries mashed into the floor, the used napkins piled under our table, the patina of grime coating almost every surface, the used plastic cups and random bottles of beer gathered on the counter, the drooping cakes languishing in the underlit display case.
I want to believe in and enjoy this place. It has every opportunity to be great, and looks so inviting from the outside. But I have had too many experiences where my overwhelming thought is that the space is in urgent need of a facelift and a mop.Best breakfast in area,the staff is always ready to full your empty glass when it's empty,diner is always clean,if in area you Will not be disappointed . Ps. Try the milkshakes,your come back just from themHow could a place with an amazing assortment of beer serve the most disgusting  food? I had a salad and wanted to die. The chicken was fried in old oil and taste like used paper towels. I mean you don't have to make the lettuce. It comes out the ground made. This was the first time in my life that I ate a salad that was horrible.Wonderful lunch while in Philadelphia area.  Turkey panini, meatball sub, veggie omelet all served piping hot.  The homemade potato chips outstanding side.  Wonderful server with Wit and a smile.  450 beers she says, my husband enjoyed only 1.  We will be back for the donuts, I promiseThis place probably means well but the food is below average not what I want for breakfast. I want Fantastic for breakfast because I can actually stay home and make my own. It was actually pretty bad, I wont be back. This pains me I hate giving bad reviews for food. Bad reviews on other stuff like service etc. Can be corrected but this food thing will run me away quickly. Service was OKI live in Dallas now but I make sure to visit my favorite diner whenever I am in the city!  Best breakfast ever!!!  Can't choose a favorite meal...I love them all!I'd lean towards a 2.5 star review here. I'd like to give more on the menu a try before changing the stars though.
     We went for a late breakfast today. Not a bad wait. I had a western omelet with a side of potato pancakes and my girlfriend had blueberry pancakes with a side of pork sausage.
     The omelet was good. Veggies seemed freshly prepared (peppers and onions) and cooked slightly before being added to the eggs. I like the slightly browned veggies. The ham was also slightly pre cooked as well. Downside was the omelet was a little small. Also the potato pancakes were probably the highlight. It was a basket of thin, crispy, deep fried little pancakes in a decent portion size. For the price, the omelet by itself is a bit off, since you have to pay $1.50 extra for some of the sides (hash browns, potato pancakes, some other stuff).
     The pancakes were ok, but something was a little off. They looked to be cooked quite perfectly, but the outer "shell" was a bit tough/chewy. So strange because the inside was nice and fluffy. It must be due to some of the ingredient proportions in the batter.
     Overall, what you would expect from a diner. Not a standout, but good diner food.
Update: I'm starting to lean more towards a 2 star. We ordered some takeout the other day and I got the Cuban sandwich, but asked for no mustard. When we went to pick up the order, we were told the sandwiches are premade and couldn't get it without mustard. They told us they tried to call back to see if we wanted something different, but there were no missed calls. It's disappointing to know that some of this stuff isn't even made on aA Fun (and Favorite) Diner.
As a Jersey native, to me, diners must be open 24 hours and serve breakfast for all 24 of those hours.
While the Trolley Car Diner isn't open 24/7, they sure do serve a darn good breakfast. A bad day instantly becomes amazing when I know that I am going to eat their White Cheddar Grits that day.
Trolley Car Diner is family and group friendly, but also serves a wide variety (and by wide I mean 130+) of beers, wines and cocktails. It's a local favorite, so be aware there may be a bit of a wait before you are seated.I went to the Trolley Car one Sunday for their brunch offering. It was pretty cool that the diner is actually in the shape of a car. The buffet was nothing special. But, since I have heard raves about this Diner, I suppose I should go back for any non-buffet fare.Good service, great breakfast food (all day!!!) and free wifi. The grilled cinnamon roll is my current favorite. I am ready to go back and try the Asian donuts-can't wait!I have coming here since it opened.the breakfast is best in town and the management and staff are always friendly,and don't forget the beer selection which is amazingThis place is alright the food is good but not enough spend to $13 for a regular breakfast experience this is not chestnuthill plus the service was awful leaving food there when I'm obviously doneI came here because it was close to home . I had the cream chip beef with  home fries it was horrible and not worth the money 9.95. The home fries were burnt and the cream was separating. The workers children were running around and screaming while people were eating. I felt like i was at a playground.  I will definitely not recommend or be back.I really can't think of anything bad to say about the food at this place. It's fresh food made to order and it's obvious that the chefs take pride in what they serve to the customers. 
We did however notice that they are not the cleanest restaurant in town and there standards of cleanliness are pretty low. 
It was a bit dingy, and outdated and it was obvious that certain things had not been wiped down in a LONG time. 
Food- 5stars*****
Service- 4stars ****
Cleanliness- 3stars ***
Overall experience: 4stars****I've been here numerous times since moving to the area and it's always a pleasant experience. I have to admit that I haven't tried most of the menu items, because it's hard to resist getting my old favorites (hash and eggs or eggs benedict = A++)... But everyone I bring here always enjoys their food. The servers manage to be attentive without hovering, which I appreciate because I've felt rushed at other diners. They do get very crowded on weekend mornings and afternoons, which can result in long waits for a table, but the staff do a good job of accommodating the crowds.I ate at the restaurant when it first opened years ago.  It was what it was, a diner -Mediocre food and okay service.  I hadn't been there in 10 or more years, and had the occasion to return on this morning.  This is the dirtiest eatery I have every seen.  Roaches and mice infestation, are obvious.  The waitress showed my husband and I to a booth in the far back, right before the kitchen exit.  On the floor was a scrambled eggs smashed into the dirty flooring.  How do you show a customer to seating where they must step through food garbage on the floor?  She immediately stated that she would get that up, as she noted me staring at it.  My husband and I was forced to chose to sit on the same side of the booth, as there was jelly smeared on the bench seating on the other side.  I guess it is normal for customers to sit on one side of the table, as no one inquired why we did so. The remainder of the floor under the table had multiple pieces of silverware and crusts of toasted bread.  The menu had "crayon" scribble throughout, and the laminated card on the table with drinks had food splashed and smeared all over it.  There was food on the walls, and in the folds of the metal workings of the walls and the bench seating.  The holder for the jellies had only orange and apple jellies on one side with the other side minus, the grape and strawberry jellies, but plenty of old straw wrappers from previous customers.  Oh!  I would be admiss if failed to mention the disgusting red plastic cups they expect one to drink from. They have some sort of residue on the outer rim, which was easily wiped away with a napkin.  Again, disgusting.  I will never, I REPEAT, never eat from this "TRASH CAN" ever again.  I found myself looking around like why are these people here?  Why are they eating this garbage?  Why are they paying good money for this garbage.  I failed to eat anything on my plate.  My stomach was turning and flipping.  It was like I could see the salmonella, botulism, and other food borne bacteria everywhere.  Never Again!I had an introduction to Philadelphia style Italian Roast Pork, courtesy of Trolley Car Diner and man oh man, it was good!
Mi esposa had a yummy grilled cheese sandwich and we both had soups. Its nice to have a place close by with a very varied menu as well as a decent beer to go selection. We will be repeat customers for sure.In all the times I've gotten takeout from here I've only had 1 bad experience. Called in after I noticed what was missing from my order, spoke with the manager, who was a doll. She addressed the issue immediately and we ended the conversation on a great note.So one day my brother says to me, he says, "I want comfort food, and lots of it."  Well, to the Trolley Car, and don't spare the horses! The portions here are large no matter what you get - if you come even remotely full, you'll take some home.  I've tried  the crabcake sandwich, the burgers, the ribs, the seafood-mac and cheese, the milkshakes, and ice cream. It's classic diner food with an unpretentious presentation. Large and varied beer selection. My brother smiled over his meatloaf, waxed nostalgic over the old-school trolley out front, and ate until his little belly protruded. Only three stars due to so-so service; friendly but not stellar. Still, for what you get - comfort food and lots of it - it's worth the trip to put a smile on a brother's face.This place has an amazingly wide range of options for a diner. There are burgers, wraps, main entrees, salads, etc. - and even an entire vegetarian section. 
I had a summer veggie roasted sandwich. It was really tasty, but huge. They put a lot of fresh veggies on the sandwich before they roast it, which means that those veggies produce a lot of liquid. That liquid, plus the mayonnaise they also put on the sandwich, made it a pretty soggy dish. I liked it; but by the time I got to the second half, it was too wet to eat. I didn't try the chips that came with the sandwich, but they look homemade.
I also had a chocolate malt. I should say I had at least two chocolate malts, since the servings are massive. One shake could easily serve two people. In fact, the shake comes in two glasses - a full serving in the glass milkshake glass and a full serving in the metal container they use to make the shake. 
If I went back, I would order the shake and another veggie option from their extensive menu. The shake alone is reason for a return visit.Food is delicious.   Service is slow, and I think the food is overpriced.  We got two breakfasts.  Nothing fancy with juice.  It was almost $40 for eggs, grits, and hashbrowns  (all with cheese) and an omelette.  I'm still willing to give the dinner menu a try depending on the price.Update (upgraded to 5 stars): We're really glad we gave this place a second chance last year.  We've been dining here with some regularity now and, so far, the food is still good and service has been fast.  The price is right and the atmosphere is also fantastic (as usual).  It has truly become my favorite diner in Philly.  Keep up the good work, Trolley Car!Always a great choice especially for breakfast or brunch.! This place is a hidden gem in Chestnut Hill. The facade is very unassuming but it has wowed me consistently. The smoke salmon bagel, stuffed French toast, and hot chocolate are some of my favorites. Service is always quick and friendly. For an added bonus check out the bakery treats and the great beer selection on the other side.The best S.O.S. I've ever had!  The service was great, prices very reasonable, and the selection amazing.  I can't wait to go back and order everything on the menu.  I have to admit, I wish I could uproot this place and plop it down where I live in South Philly.After many years of going here, I still love it.  Seems like they did away with their weekend breakfast buffet (on Saturdays, at least).  But its for the best.  The menu items are quite good.  I got the lox and bagel platter - I think they gave me a whole package of nova.  The ingredients were all very fresh, bagel was toasted perfectly, and the plate looked pretty.  My company got the french toast and loved it.  I still haven't hit up the deli or bottle shop yet, but it's a nice feature.  Staff are nice, food comes out quick, plentiful parking, fair prices, good coffee - can't be it.