I've only had the lunch special so far and it's not too bad of a deal for around $11. The sushi ingredients were fresh, and I liked that I was able to choose 3 rolls from a pretty good variety of options. All 3 I chose (spicy salmon, eel avocado, and shrimp tempura) were high-quality and fantastic, not your cheapo California rolls. 
The spicy salmon was a flavorful mix of some spices, mayo sauce, and shredded salmon and maybe was fried on the bottom. The shrimp tempura had the fried tails sticking out on either end of the roll like they serve in the pricier dinner rolls and similarly delicious - same goes for the eel avocado. Dinner/"regular price" roll quality, but 3-in-1 for the reasonable cost of $11 for lunch. The miso soup was pretty standard.Delicious, quiet sushi place with an attentive staff and reasonable prices.  The Crunch Roll was amazing and very large, but the tuna avocado was average. All in all a good, dependable sushi joint.4 stars is for sit-in dining! See below for comment on delivery.
Came here for lunch with a friend on a random Saturday. It's a small place (maybe 10 tables) smaller than I thought it'd be from walking by, but pleasant and not cramped at all. 
Sushi: was great! Fresh, and not overloaded with rice. Had a caterpillar roll and spicy tuna roll. The spicy tuna wasn't particularly spicy, but they mix it with crunchies (tempura bits?) and that was delish. 
Service was also just fine. Didn't have to wait for anything. Everyone was cheery and polite. I asked for more ginger and promptly received a tower of it, all of which I consumed.
Very reasonably priced - what you'd expect for sushi around here, i.e., special rolls in the $10-13 range.
Delivery/ take-out: Same comments as everyone else on here. The timing is unreliable, therefore the food suffers because sushi needs to be eaten fresh.  Note that the first language of those who work here was not English, so phone convos....you get it. 
If you want to order ahead, do so at your own risk or plan some buffer in.This is probably my favorite sushi restaurant in the area. I found it through grub hub a few years ago and have been coming here ever since. 
There's never a wait and the staff is very attentive. My go to is their 3 roll special for $12.95. They have a roll here called Asashi which I've never had anywhere else and it's so good. The special even comes with a soup or salad. And you get orange slices at the end of the meal. It's pretty tasty! 
Honestly, this place is so great because they don't over charge you. The service is amazing, the food is good, I have zero complaints. It's casual, you can come for meetings, dates, with friends...
It's not a fancy restaurant but I'd come here anywaysThis is my first time ever getting food here and it's not so great. I ordered take out for a hand roll and some seaweed salad. It took an hour to get to me and came WARM. Like, it's been sitting out on a counter for half an hour warm. I don't believe raw sushi should come that way. Also the rice is super gummy and the roles are reminiscent of cheap buffet sushi. I also should mention that when the delivery guy came he just kept pointing to the delivery slip saying "cash tip! Cash tip!" Over and over. I'm fairly positive I won't ever be eating from here again.Tsuki Sushi is my go-to sushi restaurant.  For the price, the three roll special is great.  I love avocado in my rolls, and they are the only restaurant that seems to include avocado in the three roll special without paying extra.  The quality is very consistent, and they are quick with take out orders.  While I usually get take out, I've eaten inside a few times and the decor is nice, the bathroom clean.  If you are looking to splurge, their special rolls are also very nice, especially the 2135 roll.  However, they do seem to have a large price difference ($12 for a single specialty roll) that I usually hesitate to order the specialty over 3 roll.  The lunch 3 roll special is even cheaper and comes with soup or salad.  I also recommend the yellowtail apple roll, it has a great texture and good sweetness.This is my go to sushi place when ever I order. The sushi taste so fresh, and 11.95 for three rolls is a great price. I usually order two shrimp tempura roll and a spicy tuna, accompanied by an order of shumai. I decided to treat myself the other day and ordered a Godzilla roll. That roll is epic! It pricer then most sushi rolls I order, but it was worth it. As a sit down place it's small and cozy.The price is good. Unfortunately, the sushi quality is inconsistent. The first and second times I had Tsuki Sushi I really enjoyed and thought cost adjusted the sushi was great. But, the most recent time I ate it I got soggy rice, bad seaweed and generally poorly made sushi roles. I award Tsuki sushi 3 stars as the average of the 4 stars I would have given for my good experiences and the 1 star for this most recent meal. 
Note, the bad meal came on Sunday. Maybe the lesson is to avoid Tsuki on Sunday.friendly service, fresh ingredients and great taste! Surprised when I ate here first time :)
Recommendations: get their signature sushi! Black dragon & fantasy are must-haves. Crispy and rich in texture.Best sushi in Philadelphia. Period. Delivery is quick, and the service in the restaurant is quick and kind. Amazing sushi as well, really recommend the Tsuki roll. Also the prices aren't super expensive either which is a huge perk for college students like me. Highly recommend the 3 roll special for $12!I would give them 3.5 stars if I could.
Fish is always fresh, which is a big plus. Ingredients are fresh and crisp. The "regular" (rather than "special") rolls are heavy on the rice and light on the fillings, which is a minus. They aren't rolled very tightly and tend to open a slight amount. 
Special rolls are eclectic and hit-or-miss; they go heavy on the wasabi sauce which, while nice, tends to override the more delicate flavors. Special rolls are on the expensive side, but in line with the rest of city sushi prices. Friend things in the rolls are heavy and in a bland batter, so go ahead and avoid those.
Tempura isn't; it's heavily battered rather than crispy, light tempura.
A solid addition to the Philly sushi scene, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.Great new sushi place in the area! Affordable, delicious rolls. The spicy tuna roll was great as well as the specialty rolls. BYOB, no wait. I will definitely be back!This is one of my favorite Sushi take outs in town. Also love some of their creative rolls. I think the amount of time they take to make sushi is really not that bad. What would lightening fast sushi look and taste like. Good food takes a little bit of time to make. All of those who want instant instant instant you get what you want "instant" for. I think they do a really good job and I like getting their sushi for take out! Yum!!!A great find! Great service! Delicious food, for a great price. Love the 3 rolls for around 11 bucks. They have a good variety and what they do - they do well. I would definately come back again.I literally order from here maybe 2-3 times per week. For the price, I haven't found a better sushi deal in Philly yet. The 3 rolls for under 12$ is a fantastic deal for the quality. Would definitely recommend this place!!I've been eyeing up Tsuki ever since it opened, but hadn't had an opportunity to try it. My go to sushi place doesn't have 3 roll specials in the evening, and someone else was paying so I was trying to be considerate. I decided to order from here, and I was pleasantly surprised. I was happy with all three rolls- California, eel avocado, and spicy salmon. I'll be eating here again.Nothing special here.  The salmon was flavorless and the rolls skimped on fish (it's disappointing when your eel cucumber roll is almost exclusively cucumber).  Though the fish was missing, my husband was surprised to find an unexpected treat in his roll--a long dark hair.  Yuck!I'm surprised at the negative reviews of this place. Service was extremely good, and the sushi was tasty and appropriately priced.Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, eel avocado for $12. 5/5 for price to quality. Always clean and staff are friendly.I wasn't expecting much the first time I went, but after eating there a couple times I think it'll be my new go-to place for sit down casual sushi. There is a lot of room so it's a good last minute place to go out with a group, and it's BYOB.
The 3 roll special is great - they give you a lot of choices, and the rolls are larger and more filling than other sushi places nearby. The spicy white tuna roll with apple is really tasty, although they do stuff their spicy rolls with panko so you don't really appreciate the fish as much. On the other hand, there's a good portion of salmon in the salmon avocado roll, and both times I've had it, it's been very fresh and sweet. 
Generous, fresh pieces of sashimi in the sushi bar entrees. The specialty rolls are pricey but good - I especially liked the green tea roll. 
They have impeccable plating, and everything is rolled perfectly...but it also means the food takes a long time to come out, so don't expect a quick dinner if you're dining in.Good, consistent service. Comfortable atmosphere.
I ordered chirashi. It came with generous pieces of fresh fish, beautifully displayed, rolled into flower shapes like a bouquet. The variety of fish was not the best, but everything tasted good and the amount was substantial.
I have just arrived in Philadelphia, after a lifetime in San Francisco, so I know my sushi. Tsuki is not on par with my favorite places in San Francisco, but it's the best I've had so far in Philly, and is now the standard I'm judging other local sushi places by.Not the best sushi I've ever had but I live across the street and you really can't beat the $12.00 three-roll special! I always get the white tuna, shrimp tempura, and spicy salmon with brown rice. Perfect if you're looking for a simple and quick dinner.Totally awesome. Really fast grub hub order. Sushi was top quality. I will definitely be a returning customer!!! So impressed! :)This is now our go-to take-out sushi place on a cold night. Thanks to their quick service and 3-roll specials... They have a bunch of cool and fun rolls too... And their avocado salad is my favorite.Three rolls and a salad or soup lunch special for $11. Can't beat that.
I really only do veggie sushi, so I can't speak for the fish bits, but my sushi is usually really well rolled, and the wasabi and ginger are real and generously portioned. The salad is the little iceberg and sesame ginger thing that you get with Thai food. The Miso soup is just okay, I've definitely had better.
Their delivery is a bit hit or miss. Sometimes it's there on time, sometimes it's half an hour past the window. Definitely don't recommend ordering if you have a short period of time to handle lunch.Love stopping by with my husband. They have fresh fish and good deals. He enjoys the Alaska roll with salmon, cucumber and avocado, as well as the shrimp tempura roll. My only disappointment is that they don't have tamari soy sauce for those of us who are gluten free. On that note, I have never become ill eating here. I recently ordered the Green Pearl roll with salmon and avocado inside and topped with white tuna and a sliver of jalapeño. Then I went for a love roll (not on the menu). It has smoked salmon, shrimp and avocado. The slices of orange at the end were yummy.Our usual routine when returning from a trip to NYC is to order take out from some place nearby, and sushi is (obvi) a favorite. Tsuki popped up as an option we hadn't tried before, so thanks to Bolt Bus' wireless I submitted an online order during our 2 hour trip so we could pick up dinner on our way home.
We're always massively hungry by the time we get back, so we were eager to consume the three rolls we ordered (spicy tuna, spicy white tuna, spicy yellowtail), spicy salmon tartar, and their special roll Dream Girl, which had white tuna, asparagus & spicy mayo inside, and spicy crunchy crabmeat on top. 
Overall, the regular sushi rolls were perfectly tasty, nothing special but still good. The salmon tartar was also good - fish is fresh here, and the portion was decently sized. I personally was not enamored of the Dream Girl roll, and that was because they put waaaaay too much mayo inside of the roll for my tastes. I only ate one piece because the mayo oozing out of each one grossed me out. My fiance agreed that they should've cut back on it, but he was happy to finish what I didn't eat. We may choose to order here again, and this time probably stick to the regular rolls and supplement them with one of the tartars since, as my fiance pointed out, you can make your own 'special' rolls by topping regular selections with the tartar and saving us some $$ in the process.Great new sushi byob in Philly. Very reasonably priced.  You don't waste money paying for decor and scene, but instead on great food. Really good rolls and great portions. This is my new weekly sushi spot.I have been here twice.  Both times I have had to wait an excessive amount of time to receive any food- especially because in both instances the place has been almost completely empty.  Overall, the restaurant in nothing unique.  Mediocre sushi, standard prices, terrible service.  I really wish it were better as it is literally next door.  I definitely would recommend anyone going to Vic's on Sansom instead-much more attentive and much better value.Great sushi but awful waitress, I will never come back here to see her angry face. I will take out sushi because they are making good stuff but never will eat in again!I usually go to Vic Sushi bar on Sansom, but they were closed on Sunday so I ended up here. I was delightfully surprised by how fresh the fish was. I got their 3 roll special...similar to 3 roll special at Vic. Overall, I enjoyed the sushi here and will definitely come back.Random Japanese trivia for your day: Tsuki means "moon."  Welcome to Moon Sushi.  
A friend recommended this place for lunch and they really do have an unbeatable special.  For $10.95, you get three rolls plus the soup or the salad.  I ordered a salmon roll, yellowtail roll, and avocado roll.  Everything was awesome.  It's not the fanciest sushi restaurant I've ever been to (decor is lacking), but the sushi was rolled well and the fish was flavorful and fresh.  What more could I ask for?  Definitely will come back here.Really good sushi.  The lunch special is your choice of 3 rolls and a soup or salad for $10.  You can't beat that.  I like to think I can eat a lot of food in a sitting, but this pushed my boundaries.  Of course, the fish is fresh and the place is clean and nicely decorated.  I got takeout, but I'm going to have to sit down one day.  Don't let the facade deceive you.We love Tsuki Sushi - a totally unpretentious but delicious sushi spot for a quick casual yummy dinner. It's also really close to the Schyukill trail so takeout & a picnic/biking/hammocking date are always fun.  Not the prettiest dining space here but their service is always friendly and quick.
Definitely check out the spicy yellowtail apple roll, and regular faves like spicy shrimp and eel avocado. They have 2 and 3-roll specials for lunch and dinner (includes salad or miso for lunch), and the price is rightI only live two blocks away from Tsuki Sushi and I have to admit that I kept passing this place up for other area sushi spots because the storefront did not draw me in. Like some other reviews mention, it's a little dark! The other night my husband and I had plans on eating at a different byob sushi place down the street but ended up leaving before we ordered our food because the waitress was rude. It was 8pm on a Friday night, we were all dressed up with a bottle of wine in our hands, what were we going to do? We decided to head down the street and give Tsuki Sushi a try.  We were not disappointed!
The inside is small and intimate. It's not fancy but it is comfortable and cozy. There were other couples there as well as a few small groups. We were promptly seated at the sushi bar. The waitresses were very attentive and kind. We ordered miso soup, the fantasy roll, and also a 3 piece special (eel, shrimp tempura and spicy tuna). 
I am a self-proclaimed sushi fanatic and I have to say that our sushi was incredible. We were very pleasantly surprised. The fantasy roll was extremely fresh and full of flavor and the shrimp tempura was the best I ever had. The eel and spicy tuna were average (but still tasty nonetheless). While my husband and I were eating our dinner we were actually saying "wow" out loud because we were that impressed with some of the rolls (note: this rarely happens). The only drawback was that the price was a little high for being a corner sushi restaurant but after some disappointing visits to some other area sushi spots (we have lived in this area for 8 years) it's well worth the few extra dollars. I should note that there was a 5% discount for cash. 
I have been back since my first visit and have taken various friends with me and the experience has been repeated. This will definitely be my go-to Rittenhouse sushi spot in the future.A good, reliable sushi place. I only go here because it's closer to me than Vic's and it can seat larger groups. 
I always get the 3 roll special for appx $11, such a good deal! And leaves me really full. I wonder about my appetite these days. I used to get full off one roll that size back in college, and now I'm somehow stuffing in 3!
I'm boring, and I know what I like so I always get the below3 combo. Always to, never goes wrong, but nothing blow your mind worthy:
Alaska roll, shrimp tempura w/ unagi roll (forgot the name..maybe they call it the dragon?), and the spicy tuna w/ apple roll (the most unique one! The favors go very well together, and they don't have this one at Vic's)The sushi is good and reasonably priced, but the service is so so slow. I've been here twice recently, and had the same experience.Got delivery via grubhub. Delivery was on target and the rolls appeared fresh. I had the Alaskan roll and the sweet potato tempura roll. Might've been better if the Alaskan wasn't so warm. But maybe the fc that they were both in the same container is to blame.Tsuki Sushi operates both as a restaurant but probably is best known as a delivery service (you can order through multiple outlets such as GrubHub, Yelp, etc.). As you can probably see, reviews vary from both the delivery and dine-in standpoint. I will weigh in on both below.
Delivery (Ordered through GrubHub):
I am very impressed with the GrubHub delivery option that Tsuki Sushi has to offer. The pricing as well and the quality of the food is very competitive with other sushi joints across the neighborhood. I challenge you to find a 3 roll special for the price that Tsuki offers that ALSO has a good fish:rice ratio. Delivery is relatively prompt. I have ordered Tuski over 20 times and they have arrived before the estimated GrubHub time by up to half an hour for a great majority of orders. They have only been late once. (Note: I live in the graduate hospital area.) The sushi arrives fresh and is tasty. As other reviewers note, not all of the deliverymen speak English well, but enough to communicate directions and receive your order without any issues. 
Dine In:
My 2 dine-in experiences with Tsuki were also quite good. I went on weekend evenings both days and there were probably 1-2 other tables occupied when I arrived. Note that the restaurant is small, totaling probably fewer than 10 tables overall. The staff is polite and the sushi just as fresh and tasty as the delivery option. The only thing I will say is that do not be surprised that your sushi takes longer than you would expect for an "empty" restaurant. It is likely that your dine-in order is queued with all of the take out orders.
Overall, Tsuki Sushi offers quality sushi in the low-mid price range. If you are looking for exceptional cuts of fish or are a sushi connoisseur, you will probably be disappointed. However, if you're the average person looking to satisfy a sushi fix, I highly suggest you try this restaurant.3 roll special for 12.95.. can't beat it. Other places offer this as a lunch special only. And the Hikaru salmon/crab appetizer is the best appetizer anywhere in Philadelphia. TRY ITOrdered delivery. They were late and didn't even call when they got here (was in a hotel). When I called to ask the main number she just said they were on the way. Called back again 20 min later and they realized they had the wrong phone number anyway (good thing he never called). Prepaid and driver still wanted cash. Then the sushi was eh. It wasn't terrible but definitely not worth the $40.I was super excited when I saw that this sushi place had opened so close to my apartment and of course had to try it immediately. However, compared to other local places, it just wasn't as consistently good. It was pricier for smaller rolls, and their tempura fried roll was just... awful. It was like chewing on a deep fried paste with no taste at all. Maybe they are just getting the hang of things since they just opened, but I'd prefer knowing I was going to get quality every time.When I wanted to get sushi delivered and heard this place had 3 rolls for $11, I was really skeptical, but I thought I'd give it a try anyway to avoid spending a ton of money on my usual Makiman.  This place was shockingly really good.  The sushi tastes fresh and is delicious.  The sushi pizza appetizer is also one of my favorites- it's a crunchy Mexican tortilla topped with spicy tuna with a spicy eel sauce on top.  Also, the food came extremely quickly- in about 30 minutes through Grub Hub.I like the sushi here. To be honest I don't see the difference between them and other normal (not fancy) sushi restaurants, but it's close to my work place so why not. They do delivery which is nice. The only thing is, I think the waitresses should smile more; not all of them, but some of them when I went there, their face just looked mad so I didn't feel welcome and comfortable. One time I was still eating and they already gave me the bill (???) I didn't finish half of my food yet. ( and it was 1:00 pm - yes, afternoon ) I'm not running away without paying the bill so don't do that.The rice in sushi is loose not tight. Overall it's ok but not impressive. The Sumo sushi on S Broad St has better rice.The owner of Tsuki is wonderful and I've done business with him for the last couple of years with catering orders. They always arrive on time/early and get our huge order perfect! Their sushi is delicious and they have a huge variety.I love this place in particular their spicy yellow tail and spicy tuna oh and the Tina tartar - they have a 3 roll special for 10.99 which is unbeatable! If I could I would rate this 6 stars - fast cheap and delicious!i used to love coming here. I had a really bad experience the last time.  Been a regular for a few years now until the other day my boyfriend and I ate here and they raised the prices without telling us and then when the bill came they brought over this photo copied piece of paper with some weird numbers and strange info i didn't even understand to explain that they raised the prices......but the menu prices hadn't been changed. They tried to say it's been like that a while now, but we always order the same thing the price was always lower. Why lie? I don't like when i come into a restaurant thinking im going to pay one thing and then get cheated into paying a totally different price. And what in the world was the photo copy paper about? Bad business move. Now we will not return. AND this time there was a hair on my boyfriend's food, they replaced it, but still....gross. Usually the food is good, but I don't support there foolishness and we won't be back.I order from Tsuki all the time.  Their three roll combo is great and their fish is fresh and tastes good.  It's reasonably priced (even for someone who orders big like me) and I'm happy to order from there, even if I do pay a small premium over places like Ajia which is closer and cheaper.  Their food is just plain better than most places nearby and with similar price points.  The fact that their delivery is cheap ($1 fee) and quick only cements it.I have only had take out from here so this is based on that experience.  The lunch menu was totally reasonably priced and had some great inexpensive lunch options, I think I spent less than 15 bucks for quit a bit of food, but it fails in flavor, creativeness and uniqueness. I love a Sushi chef that has his or her own spin on things, adds something you weren't expecting etc.  But this was just plan ol' rice with fish and seaweed.  Someone else mentioned this was good in a pinch and I would agree.Love stopping by with my husband. They have fresh fish and good deals. He enjoys the Alaska roll with salmon, cucumber and avocado, as well as the shrimp tempura roll. My only disappointment is that they don't have tamari soy sauce for those of us who are gluten free. On that note, I have never become ill eating here. I recently ordered the Green Pearl roll with salmon and avocado inside and topped with white tuna and a sliver of jalapeño. Then I went for a love roll (not on the menu). It has smoked salmon, shrimp and avocado. The slices of orange at the end were yummy.They're okay in a pinch, but I've been burned too many times by the food not being ready when they claim it should be and the rice being rather stale. 
If you want to use the convenient online Yelp ordering system, go for it, but be aware that the food has only a 50-50 shot of being ready when they say it'll be. I've had to wait on multiple occasions and often have company with other people who were told X minutes and found out it was a lot longer. 
The vast majority of times the rice feels stale and ends up making the roll taste like something from a grocery store. It's never been bad, per se, but it's often been underwhelming. The meat itself is okay--nothing too special. 
If you can get them when the rice is fresh, you're in for a pretty good deal although their 3-roll special is a bit more expensive than other places. I've found other sushi places close by that seem to have tastier sushi and more consistency.Great lunch deal - $10.95 for 3 rolls and soup! Good sushi, fresh sashimi, friendly and attentive staff. I'll be coming back here.My go to sushi spot for delivery or eat-in. You can't beat the 3 roll combo for that price!! Fast delivery and great service! If you are craving sushi DO NOT LOOK OVER THIS PLACE ! It will not disappoint!!So far so good.  The prices seem a bit high, but they make an excellent spicy tuna roll.  It was very fresh, and had some real spice to it.  Usually I have to add spicy sauce.  The rolls I've had are always filled with fish.  The inside is pretty big compared to other sushi spots in the neighborhood.  They are offering a 3 roll special at lunch time including soup or salad.  Open on Sundays.  Definitely give it a try.i work two blocks away from here, so it has become a go-to spot for my coworkers and I.  when we want a delicious sushi lunch at reasonable prices, it works.  
they have a lunch special (3 rolls and a salad) for like $10, AND you can order online, which i think is awesome. 
i wouldnt go here on a fancy date or expect anything other than just a great lunch spot.  i do like the rolls, especially the sweet potato (which is not orange, its white?) and most of the rolls are inside out, which i prefer.The 3 roll special here is da bomb! Super affordable, fresh and yum! The location is also great for me, as there is often parking on Walnut or 22nd. Definitely a plus that it is a BYOB!The regular rolls are just regular, but the selection of specialty rolls is vast, and the rolls are a blast of flavour in each mouthful!
Good to go when you're having that sudden sushi craving. They deliver too.Great sushi for delivery. Miso soup was still hot. Rolls were very fresh.I've been to/ordered from Tsuku Sushi many times since they opened a few years ago. Last night I ordered via grub hub for a total of 4 people and was very happy with how our order was handled: Our food arrived 30 minutes earlier than expected and we found an extra seaweed salad marked "on the house!" Thanks for the delicious meal!I am a regular at this place, and have never been disappointed with the awesome range of Sushis, and my favorite, the Avocado salad.It's pretty basic: put fresh fish on a menu, have good tamago that isn't watery, and a nutty roll selection and you're in for a good time. There's a green tea roll or white pearl or something that's stuffed with tempura tuna and topped with another fish and kiwi. Get that. You'll be happy.
But then again, when you order inari and it comes sliced up on top of some sushi rice like a peculiar brown fish, you're probably confused...and you begin to wonder if there isn't something slightly awry with the style of sushi you've ordered.I always loved getting delivery from here. The three roll special was such a good deal and the sushi was always well rolled and tasty. But they stopped delivering to my apartment, so they will likely be losing me as a customer.I order from Tsuki regularly. I often choose delivery through grub hub, which is usually super fast (must quicker than the estimate). The sushi itself is very fresh! In fact, compared to other local sushi places I have tried for take out or delivery, the rolls at Tsuki taste fresher and less salty (but still plenty of flavor). I almost always get the 3 roll special. The rolls are simple but well executed. For the price, I definitely think Tsuki is a great deal and will continue to order from them regularly.I love this place and I find myself ordering sushi here at least once a week. The sushi is moderately price, I typically order the 3 roll special. I find the sushi to be plenty flavorful and if you dine in, they get very creative with the plating. I've dined in a few times for dinner, not typically a crowded place so it's easy to have a conversation as you eat.
My favorite rolls are the spicy shrimp, spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellow tail and eel avocado. I definitely would recommend this place!The place is unassuming from the outside and the decor is pretty bland. However, their sushi is great and inexpensive! The fish is top quality and melts in your mouth.
I always do take-out and the service has been consistently nice and fast! Definitely worth checking out if you are in the neighborhood.Their three roll combo deal is unbeatable. I've been here a couple times. One of my favorites in the city.I'd give this place 3 1/2 Stars if I could. This place just popped up as an option on grub hub for me (I'm by the art museum). I order the miso soup, kani salad, a spicy tuna and a spicy crab roll. 
Delivery took about 45 minutes, which grubhub got on the nose. The miso was really bland even by miso soup standards. The rolls were well made and the fish was fresh. They were ok rolls, I'd say a step or two above whole foods. The kani salad on the other hand was extremely good. Spicy enough and the cucumbers still had some crunch.This is my go-to delivery sushi place.  The ordering is very easy and they usually arrive within 45 min (at the most).  I always get the 3-roll special.  The price can't be beat, the rice has pretty good taste/texture and I really like any of their rolls with salmon - good, fresh flavor and texture.  I also like their spider roll, tuna roll and spicy tuna roll.  The yellowtail here is not bad (not the greatest either and the pieces tend to be thin) and I've tried the tamago and dumplings here - they are not recommended.  If you stick to rolls you'll be very happy!  However, I wouldn't stray past that.Came here last night on the later side when the BF and I couldn't decide on a place to go for dinner.  This sushi bar (strictly a sushi bar) is a couple blocks from my place, and we wanted to try it out.  It does, however, have many of the hallmarks of a "new" restaurant, meaning that the entire time we ate there, it was eerily quiet and we were served by one of the most awkward waitresses ever.  Did I mention the service was terrible?
I ordered the Sushi Deluxe while he ordered the Chirashi.  The salads that came with our dinners were ice cold (I touched the bowl and almost got frostbite).  As I saw our food being prepared at the sushi bar, one of the other servers came over and asked if I wanted a side of rice with my sashimi.  I corrected her and told her I ordered sushi, and she ran back and told the chefs behind the bar to remake the whole order.  I saved her the trouble and said "It's fine, you already made it, I'll eat it".  So I ended up with a bowl of sashimi and a side of sushi rice.  The bowl, which appeared full, was made up mostly with garnishes and inedible ingredients (twigs, green leaves, LED lights), with several kinds of fish on top (which were pretty standard, nothing amazing compared to the average sushi joint).  The sushi rice, however, was near perfect: slightly sweet, sticky, and filling.
I was appalled, however, when they had the nerve to charge me for the full price of the sashimi (an $8 difference versus what I ordered originally), and rather than hassle the management, quietly paid for my order and stiffed the service in the tip (I really felt that they should have at least charged me for the other dish considering they apologized to no end for serving me the wrong food).  Considering there are other sushi bars and japanese restaurants in our neighborhood and in Philadelphia, it's safe to say I won't be paying these guys a visit in the near future.Great place.  They give you a lot of food for the price.  The 3 roll special is amazing.  Every time I've eaten here, the quality has been good and I've never been disappointed.  I really like the spicy tuna, spicy crab, & yellowfin and apple.  Definitely check this place out.  It's a nice little place to eat at too.Best sushi in philly!!!! Love their signature rolls, 2135, summer and hottie victor are the must have.Service was horrible and the sushi was bleh.  There are so many better options within such a short walk that I wouldn't go back here.Best Take-Out Sushi in the City!!  I order lunch here at least once a week.  Sweet Potato Rolls are to die for!!Unimpressed. Not terrible, but nothing remotely outstanding. Rolls were very small, which makes them expensive. Vic's sushi a couple blocks away is FAR better in quality and you get a lot more for your money.When I saw this new sushi restaurant opening, I was interested because it was right down the street from where I used to work. 
During its first week open, a friend of mine and I tried it out. I was happily surprised to see the thee rolls for $11 deal. My friend and I both ordered that, and we both ordered two rolls we liked and a third that we had never tried. Besides allowing us to get sushi we knew we would like, it allowed us to experiment to see if there was another kind we may like, without risking an entire meal. 
The sushi was delicious as well! Because of the deal I mentioned earlier, I thought the sushi would be so-so. I mean, there had to be a catch to a deal like that right? But, no. It was actually very good! 
The service that first time I went there was alright. Nothing special. But the second time I went there with my boyfriend, they had a new waitress and she was great! She was very nice, talkative, and was spot on with everything. 
The atmosphere is very casual. Nothing exceptional, but it isn't some grungy place either. It is definitely a place you can stop in for a quick bite with a friend, or have a casual dinner with your other half.
I noticed it has been getting busier since I last stopped in, so that is great! 
They also do take-out, which seemed to be very popular. Last time I stopped in, more people were stopping in to pick up food than they were to sit down. 
All in all, definitely a place I would recommend if you need a quick place to eat good sushi at a very good price!I loved Tsuki Sushi when I went there for a weekday lunch.  For $10.95 we all got the lunch specials, which included either a miso soup or salad, and 3 rolls of your choosing.  I was expecting the roll choices to be minimal, but they had all of my favorites and then some.  When the rolls came, they were not super tiny like I was expecting.  They were decently sized, filling, and I even took some home to eat for dinner.  
The only issue I had was that although it was just us three in the restaurant, the service was lacking.  We did not get water refills and we had to call over the waitress to get a check, even after finishing our meals and stacking our plates up.  As for the food, I give that 5 stars.Not very excited about this place, so I'll make it quick and short.
1. I don't like the location and how this store looks like from outside.
 (it's nothing important, but I wouldn't even have tried here only if my place wasn't just a block away)
2. Their Salmon and Tuna do not have any flavors AT ALL. 
 (I've tried a number of sushi, and Yellowtail was the only piece that I enjoyed. Mackerel was also OK, but it was too little.)
Well, I usually don't eat rolls, so can't say anything about those, but the quality of sushi I had was way too low compared to the price.
Bottom line: Go to Vic Sushi (21st and sansom) and hope there are not too many people in the line. They serve much better sushi at the same price range.I ordered through grubhub. I asked for a side of spicy mayo and they charged me $.54 extra, which grubhub notified me via email. Then they didn't even give me a side of spicy mayo!Meh. Nothing earth shattering and pretty expensive for the absurdly small portions. No eel sauce on the eel roll, no eel sauce on the fantastic roll as advertised. Delivery was on time which was nice and the actual fish itself was good quality but again..the cost and the crazy small size just wasn't worth it!! Unfortunately wouldn't recommend, definitely better places in Philly!