Greatest banh mi and chicken wings I ordered via UberEats!!!! Smoothie is okay though. Too much condense milk with my mangoWe loved the banh mi so much. The bread was perfectly crispy crunchy and delicious. The flavors were potent and intoxicating. The size of the sandwiches was larger than others we've had. My only complaint is that the fried tofu was much too fried for my taste. There was hardly any soft tofu inside left as it had all seemed to be fried through and through. 
The yogurt bubble tea isn't like what you might expect it to be, but it was still delicious. It was slightly tangy and had a bit of a bubbly mouthfeel. It wasn't creamy or anything like that. I wouldn't suggest it, but if you've had a yogurt bubble tea before and enjoyed it, you might like this one, too.I am sooo happy to find this place 2 weeks ago. Karen and Chris are the owners and they do a fantastic job. She makes grass jelly from scratch how cool is that homemade and that's why I gave them 5 stars!!! 
We ordered tradition Bahn mi- 
BBQ pork- pork is nicely flavorful and marinade. Very tasty!! 
lemongrass tofu- if u wanna go meatless this is for you. Tofu is fried and a hint of lemongrass flavor. 
meatball Bahn mi- it's a tomato sauce sweeter side it's good enough for me.
All Bahn mi has pickled carrots and radish, jalapeño peppers, and cilantro. 
I wish the French baguette could be much more a traditional ones instead. Their baguettes are kinda doughy and much more like a hoagie rolls. 
The light bulb bubble tea are wonderful. I enjoyed drinking and tasting all flavors. 
Mocha- u can really taste that is mocha u are drinking. Karen makes the grass jelly in house. That's a major  
Matcha- it's yogurt base matcha green tea if u love matcha this is definitely ur drink.
Passionfruit and Lychee are awesome!!! Passionfruit has Passionfruit jelly and Passionfruit popping bubbles. Lychee ones also has lychee jelly and lychee popping bubbles. 
You can also take the light bulbs to go. I love that they are eco friendly because you can bring back the light bulb containers with you the next time you go back to the store. Next time u return with the light bulb container you get $1 off discount. Be sure to ask for a rewards card if u will be a returning happy customer. 
They also offer some appetizers, milk bubble tea, fresh bubblebtea, frozen blends, and smoothies bubble teas. Stop by and give them a try and tell Karen or Chris that Cherryl send you!!! Enjoy!!!Before heading back home, I stopped by Tu's and picked up the meatball bahn mi and a soursop smoothie. The smoothie was exactly what I was craving- a little bit sweet, a little bit tart, and completely satisfying. The bahn mi itself was really good! The meatballs were tasty and all of the ingredients were fresh. Win win!Love this place!  Stopped in for a visit to have Bubble Tea a few weeks ago and fell in love.  I ordered the Strawberry Bubble Tea and my husband had Passionfruit, they were perfect!  I've been determined to stop back for the sandwiches after finding out they had Lemongrass Tofu Bahn Mi on the menu.  My husband and I took teas and sandwiches home today and they were the perfect end to our lazy Sunday at home.  I'd highly recommend this place to anyone I know and I can't wait to go back.We went to Tu's Cafe for some cool bubble tea and some Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwiches. We ordered lemongrass sandwich and spicy chicken sandwich. We also ordered some cheese wontons for appetizers, the wontons were a bit dry but tasty however the chicken sandwich was much better than the lemongrass sandwich. I was hoping that lemongrass a sandwich would be better considering all the previous reviews but I found it to be a little bit hard and chewy. Their famous bulby tea were strictly ok, but bulbs were very fascinating. We really found lechee tea superb and tasteful. Mocha tea and Macha tea were strictly ok, have had better. Spicy chicken was superb too.
Overall I recommend this place. Give it a shot.
Tip: Get cash as they give cash discount. But they do accept cards.I typically don't write a review on here for at least a few weeks after going somewhere (lazy), but this place recently opened and it's worth getting the word out. 
These are some of the best Banh Mis I've had in a while. The bread is always the key component in any sandwich and this is not lost on these wonderful folks at Tu's. The ingredients were fresh, flavorful and served in the right proportions. The signature, traditional, and BBQ pork are recommended. Can't wait to try more in the future.
Also, their matcha bubble tea was pretty damn good. 
Go here. It's worth the detour. I live in Logan Square and will be journeying South quite soon.Even though they're a Bahn Mi place their bahn mi was pretty horrible. I got a basic bahn mi and was horrified to bite into a lackluster hoagie bread.  Even if this joint is in Philly they shouldn't be using hoagie bread for bahn mi. Bahn mi is quintessentially a french vietnamese fusion food that requires a lightly toasted crispy baguette.  The pickled carrots and daikon were also subpar. It had no flavor and was soggy as if it wasn't pickled properly. The cilantro was too tough. When you get older tougher leaves the general practice is to chop the most tough part of the stem. I had to spit the tough cilantro stem out. Usually you use tender quality cilantro or chop the stem off. I wasn't expecting the Westminster, CA or DC quality Viet food not to mention my friend's 80 year old grandma quality of Saigon goodness but their bahn mi was not palatable. I had to stop eating it half way through.  I understand that there isn't a high concentration of Vietnamese population to mandate homeland perfection but at least do your due diligence to not misrepresent one's own food. First step bahn mi requires good quality baguette not cheap philly hoagie bread. If they get this first step right quality will dramatically improve. I would love to see more immigrant businesses thrive but quality should not be compromised.Banh mi was not good as what I expected. Their slide of meat are thin and veggies are not enough to cover the whole thing inside. Pate is just a tiny line cross over the top to the bottom. I cannot really taste the pate of Banh mi Dac bietThis place is hidden gems. 
Free wifi, good Vietnamese hoagie, fancy lightbulb drink & yummy Coca Cola wings! 
The hoagies was crunchy & fresh. 
The lightbulb drink is not too bad flavor just fancy cup (I guess this is first time in Philly). 
And amazing wings! Never try before! But it was soooo yummy!! Cheap price for good wings.I ordered takeout from Tu's earlier this week after seeing they were an option on Uber Eats. I was pleasantly surprised to see all of the vegetarian options! I had the Bahn Mi with sweet potato and it was delicious! I also decided to order a side of fries, which to be honest I didn't have very high hopes for, but I was so wrong! They were very crispy and had a wonderful blend of seasonings on top. I can't wait to go in person and try the bubble teas as well!Delicious Banh Mi and great selection of sandwiches. I especially like the three different vegetarian options.  Great selection of bubble tea, hot or cold choices.   Best Vietnamese hoagies on Washington Ave.This place is great! The owner is super friendly and the food is awesome. The spicy chicken bang mi is good but VERY spicy, too spicy for me to finish but I traded my boyfriend for his pork banh mi and that was absolutely perfect. The veggies were fresh and the sauce was sweet and delicious. The best banh mi I've ever had. Teas are great too, highly recommend.Fresh Banh Mi. I've had the lemongrass tofu and the traditional without peppers. I usually top it off with a viet iced coffee. Everything is prepared to order and is assembled quickly.
The lemongrass tofu is a bit on the strong side, but everything else in it is fresh as far as the veggies go. I think I prefer the traditional flavor wise and this also is made with fresh veggies and bread. The bread is toasted and delicious.
The viet coffee is a bit on the strong side with a tad too much ice, but everything else about it is good.
Everything is moderately priced and I do swing by at least 1 x a  month.Would love to rate the food but am unable to as they didn't even let order. Went with a friend for lunch, they take his order which even included a to go order and proceeded to ignore me and go to make his order and when they give his order to him, we tell them I still haven't ordered and she looks at me and says OK and then walks away to talk to one of the other workers, completely ignoring me as I stand there for about 5 minutes until I said f it. Friends sandwich looked good, but I wouldn't know.This place is a DOWNHILL! just ordered grill beef hoagie,sadly  to say that's the beef is 1000 yrs old.... NEVER AGAIN:(The pearls in the bubble tea is insanely good. It's on the softer side and kinda melts in your mouth. They have a good selection but the seating is tight so bear that in mind.Came here for some festive lightbulb drinks! They have eight different drinks for the lightbulbs (yogurt, mocha, matcha, lychee, etc.). My sister and bf got the Mocha Giant and it was so good and sweet! It comes with boba and coffee jelly but you can get different flavored jelly instead. I got the Matcha Bubbly, which comes with jelly and boba as well but the drink itself was really bland. The service here was really friendly though and the nice lady offered to fix the drink. It still tasted bland and I would give that drink 1/5 but the mocha flavor was an awesome 5/5 and the service was great so overall this place is 4/5.I came across this location via Uber eats. I did not have a good experience with Uber eats at all! I contacted the store and they were great and had contacted Uber eats for me and got my food delivered. Aside from the fact of the poor service from Uber eats I like the food from this location. The Banh Mi was good and the bread was perfect, I felt more protein could have been added to the Banh MI. The salt and pepper wings were nice and crispy but lacked flavor. The Thai tea with bubble and grass jelly tasted more like milk than Thai tea. I would definitely go there and get the Banh MI again but nothing more.I had lunch here the other day.  The pork banh mi was the best I have ever had in Philly.  The roll was amazing!  Crunchy on the outside and light and airy on the inside.  I had a bubble tea and cheese wontons which were also good.  All for like $14.  You can't beat that deal with a stick!  They also have vegetarian options as well.  I highly recommend!The coca-cola chicken wings!!!!!!! Plus, they're so nice here. And everything is really tasty. 5 stars!This place is great! The place itself is very clean and inviting and the owners are super friendly. My wife and I I tried both the traditional and BBQ pork banh mi and both were fantastic. We can't wait to go back again and try some of their other menu items. This is definitely our new go to spot for Vietnamese hoagies!They accept credit card. For the sheer price you pay, you can get a bomb banh mi and boba for under $10. What a deal. Is it good? Yes. 
The banh mi is probably some of the best that I've had in Philly simply from the bread that they use -- its crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, and freshness of the toppings. If you see newspaper wrapping on a sandwich, assume it's Tu's and yummy.I saw the restaurant on UberEats and decided to give it a try. The Bahn Mi was really tasty but a little spicy. I think you can ask for a non-spicy one if you don't like spicy food. I'm surprised and happy to know that they actually make milk tea with real milk instead of milk powder. You can taste the milk in the milk bubble tea and it's delicious. The best milk tea that I've had in Philly so far. The fish balls are also good. Would definitely order again and again.I've gotten the classic thit nguoi and the BBQ chicken, and both of them were delicious.  They serve well portioned sandwiches perfectly toasted and with nicely pickled vegetables.  The Thai iced tea with boba has been consistently good as well.  The staff is friendly and they take credit card with no minimum purchase.  It's a small establishment with a few tables so consider getting it to go.We went to Tu's cafe after a warm day of grocery shopping. We ordered lemongrass bahn mi, spicy chicken bahn mi, cheese dumplings and bubble tea. I was pretty excited to try the lemongrass tofu bahn mi because of all the rave reviews but I thought it was just average. Spicy chicken bahn mi was amazing. Loved the sauces and portions. They serve bubble tea in a light bulb. It was an interesting concept but the bubble teas in Chinatown are better. Fried dumplings were good too. 
Overall, it's a small place with 3-4 tables for 2 and a bar counter in one corner of the restaurant. Staff was very nice and helpful. Cash gets you discount but they do accept credit cards. I will definitely come back for the spicy chicken bahn mi. Safe to say it's one of the best bahn mis I've had so far.the Tofu Satay bahn mi was one of the best i've ever had, SO GOODGone there 4 x's with my husband great service and awesome sandwiches! Way better than Ba Le bakery!Super tasty. Super quick. Super cheap. Great spot. 
We had a spicy beef, BBQ chicken and the salt and pepper wings. Would endorse eating all of those again.I love this place. Their sandwiches are delicious and they have a bunch of options. I like the BBQ chicken bahn mi the best, but have also enjoyed their spicy beef and tofu options. Their salt and pepper fried chicken wings are super crispy and flavorful and the chicken is really juicy and well cooked - they're a must have! I also love their bubble teas. They have a fantastic selection of add-ins, not just tapioca pearls. The popping boba is my absolute favorite and I have had a hard time finding it other places. Plus, the prices are extremely reasonable. We bring friends here to grab sandwiches for game night and everyone loves them. Would definitely recommend!I was locked out of my apartment nearby due to a broken lock and decided to give Tu's a chance. I'm not a Bahn mi expert and have only tried Lee's across the way. I ordered a BBQ chicken Bahn mi and almond milk. The Bahn mi was made quickly and presented nicely. It had great flavor in both the meat and veggies with a crisp hoagie roll to top it off. I was not a huge fan of the almond milk...too sweet for me, but was told they could adjust it next time. The price was a selling point for me... also much more affordable than Lee's, at just 4.75 a hoagie. I'll definitely be back!This place made great Banh Mi sandwich. I tried their pho noodle, but was not impressed at all.Really good Banh mi. Love getting the BBQ pork and vegetarian. The people working there are very nice and patient when you order. A great place for a quick affordable lunch or dinner. Definitely recommend checking this place outDelicious!!!! Love the traditional Bahn Mi. Got them to go and had the veggie on the side so the bread stays crispy. The sandwich was wrapped in wax paper (similar to your kitchen's wax paper) except this was printed to look like newspaper. No ink came off when I wetted the wax paper.  The light bulb tea is a nice gimmick (you get to keep it as a souvenir) and when I got them to go, there's a seal on top which kept the liquid from spilling. Will be back to try other flavors (Bahn Mi & tea) and will be asking for the loyalty card.I love the crayfish place at this location before, however this is a delicious sandwich. I heard it was good so I figured I would try it out. I jumped on GrubHub and order the traditional bahn mi with jalapeños. The sandwiches super tasty, the role is perfect, no complaints whatsoever.
When I went over to pick it up I realized that it's actually quite nice inside. Looks like they offer free Wi-Fi, and I will have to come back and try the coffee.
Yes there are plenty of Vietnamese places around here with good bahn mi... But this was inexpensive, really fast, and a block away. Good addition to the neighborhood!UPDATE: place has gone downhill... they forgot both carrots and radish in my last sandwich, after I specified "extra carrot and radish". Super disappointed, as there was basically no filling and I wasn't going back to ask them to remake it...
The most delicious lemongrass tofu bahn mi ever! Loved the flavor. Only wish the sandwich was a little more substantial. Will have to ask for extra filling next time around. Many vegetarian options. Looking forward to trying their smoothies and Vietnamese coffee/tea. Overall, place was cute, small and clean. Great addition to Washington AveThe sardine banh mi is so amazing, I always get it for lunch while at the clinic -- I previously had an issue with an order before, when I ordered my Vietnamese iced coffee (cà phê đá), it somehow exploded all over my desk and scrubs while inserting my straw (that soundly very perverted, get your mind out of the gutter people) I called in just to inform them to save someone else from getting sticky and the female who answered just said "Uh..okay." Alright then! Cool.
That aside, I enjoy ordering from here! The sandwiches are always filling and made perfectly, they never skim on anything and the Vietnamese iced coffee oddly fills you up.Loved the traditional and BBQ pork banh mis! The portion sizes are big and one is enough to fill you up. My husband and I split one each. The homemade pate is  on the traditional banh mi. The BBQ pork is well marinated and flavorful. I also enjoyed their lychee bubble tea, ordered it 50% less sweet and it was the perfect amount of sweetness for me.I have only tried their teas but I plan on going there for the banh mi very soon. Their tea is ah.may.zing.The most delicious lemongrass tofu bahn mi ever! Loved the flavor. Only wish the sandwich was a little more substantial. Will have to ask for extra filling next time around. Many vegetarian options. Looking forward to trying their smoothies and Vietnamese coffee/tea. Overall, place was cute, small and clean. Great addition to Washington AveAppropriately located in Philly's " Viet Town" lies this delicious Bánh Mí shop. Offering up a mixture of classic bánh mí, such as their Traditional, and options to appease the taste of modern foodie enthusiasts, such as their Satay Tofu. But tasty sandwiches aren't the only thing that is offered at this  location. Just as the name suggests, Tu's Tea sports a variety of speciality drinks and teas that are all uniquely designed. Some of which even comes with your very own light bulb. Overall this location has the markings of a great lunch spot; multiple fun options that keeps you coming back for more.Yum! Their Coca Cola chicken was delicious. It was crispy, juicy, and had good flavor. They were also very accommodating to make my drink without any caffeine. I had coconut burst light bulb drink without the black tea.  It was very tasty..came with jelly and bits of fruit. I liked the novelty of the bulb too. Great service, clean establishment, and yummy snacks. My husband really liked their Vietnamese coffee bubble tea. Will definitely return next time we are in the area!This is the perfect place to get Bahn Mi's and Bubble Tea! They have a variety of different meat options for the Bahn Mi's which keeps it interesting, and you can even order a Bubble Tea in a lightbulb cup if you wanted to!! Super cool. I haven't tried the other food that they have to offer there, but I have ordered and enjoyed the Bahn Mi's more times than I can even tell you!Love this place! Menu is short and sweet, rolls are fresh and food is yummy! I wish they were open a tad later.Today's lunch devours found its appetite at the small yet mighty @tusteanbanhmi . While here, I was greeted by my server in a very welcoming manner. She let me read the menu to its fullest at my own pace. Due to it being a very extensive menu, it was full of plenty other options such as grilled shrimp and fried rice, and a full pho menu. When I ordered, my server fully understood exactly what I wanted. I ordered the shrimp  pho  with scallions, vegetables , and onions; and a side of steamed white rice  . I've had plenty of pho in my life, but today I was really shocked, and amazed at how tasteful this bowl of pho was. It was very flavorful; and it also came with a nice amount of shrimps . If you ever find your self wanting to try a new pho spot please visit @tusteanbanhmi and watch how impressed you are! Don't say I didn't tell you; and yeah tell them shimmy sent you. ‍. #pho #banhmi #vietnamesefood #food #philadelphia #philly #southphilly #foodporn #foodphotography #foodie #foodsGood food, most of the time. Hoagies seem to be variable, depending on who makes it.
UPDATE: place has gone downhill... they forgot both carrots and radish in my last sandwich, after I specified "extra carrot and radish". Super disappointed, as there was basically no filling and I wasn't going back to ask them to remake it...
The most delicious lemongrass tofu bahn mi ever! Loved the flavor. Only wish the sandwich was a little more substantial. Will have to ask for extra filling next time around. Many vegetarian options. Looking forward to trying their smoothies and Vietnamese coffee/tea. Overall, place was cute, small and clean. Great addition to Washington AveThis place has changed over so the menu information here is not correct. 
We ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches, chicken and tofu, and they were super gross. Poor quality ingredients, one paltry spring of cilantro and the tofu one was a leaky mess that spilled sauce all over our clothes. It used to be tasty but I don't know what happened. Will not be going back.The spicy pork banh mi sandwich was better than average. I loved how it was actually spicy. Although I enjoyed the sandwich, I would come here more for the teas. Their bread wasn't crispy and light, it was one of those stuffed hoagie breads. Otherwise, they put generous amounts of meat. Try the refreshing guava tea with pandan jelly if you're not in the mood for smoothies. Everyone absolutely loved the crab rangoons! It's different from the usual crab rangoons you get from other restaurants, in a good way. The staff is very friendly, too.Delicious. Cheap. Large portions. Friendly staff. You have to get a Banh Mi from here!I've been here several times for lunch and the Banh mi and bubble tea have been spot on each time. I like the spicy BBQ pork banh mi. The meat is moist and flavorful, veggies fresh and the roll is the perfect. I've tried a different bubble tea each time and all have been delicious but the Thai is the favorite. The service is always fast and friendly. I'll keep coming back because it's delicious and always like to support local business!Yes, I know... I'm a sucker for Tea. Any kind, any time, and any where. 
Now, I'm familiar with the NE Philly location and was happy to support this one just as much. Ever since their opening, I've been spreading my arms wider to make this my go too. Now I'm a big fan of Bambu, however I do prefer Tu's. Not as many variations as them, but good enough to contemplate on which drink to choose from. I usually pick more than one drink, and that speaks for itself. 
I feel as though overall taste and freshness, Tu's hits the base. They also offer their drinks in Light Bulbs, which has been trendy lately and are actually bigger in person than actual photos. Feel free to reuse them. I never have, but they've been collecting dust on my desk as decors. 
Not only that, I LOVE their Banh Mi. Haven't had a good one in a while. Stick with the traditional Vietnamese Baguette and don't hesitate to ask for extra cold cuts. Can seem a little skimpy, but feel the urge to spend a lil extra. 
As well as for service. Always on point. Very friendly staff and patient with accommodating my crazy complicated orders. (Because my family always make me carry that responsibility). Last, but not least, parking kind of sucks if you're not in luck. So a little walking doesn't hurt if you park in the Asian Plaza.We've gotten takeout from here twice and I've been pleasantly surprised both times. First time was an anchovy banh mi (listen, it spoke to me...) and I found it to be a well balanced and filling sandwich. More recently, I went with the lemongrass tofu and it was really flavorful! The bread, which can make or break a banh mi, is a touch savory and nice and crisp. The thai tea wasn't overly sweet. Definitely a winner for lunch in the area!Used to love this place as it had amazing bubble tea options. Now it's been taken over by new management and the amazing bubble tea selection is gone. I ordered an iced peach popping boba tea  and received an iced warm English tea with hard tapioca balls. :(Washington Avenue is stepping up its banh mi game. For a while, Tu's Tea's neighbor - Ba Le Bakery - has held claim over banh mi territory but other competitors started to pop up in the area to stake their claim. 
Saw a Facebook event for Tu's grand opening today and decided to pop by to check out its fare. As its name suggest, it specializes in drinks and sandwiches. For this trip, I decided to take on the buy five, get one free offer to get six sandwiches - BBQ beef (spicy and regular), BBQ pork (spicy and regular) and two banh mi dac biet (special combination). 
For a great banh mi, it needs to have great bread, well-seasoned protein, and fresh garnishes. Tu's banh mi gets plus points for its flaky and crispy baguette as well as being spot on with seasoning for its BBQ beef and pork. Extra points for creativity serving spicy options that involves more than just adding jalapeños - their meats are marinating in a spicy sauce that gives a very subtle spicy zing. Also, I thought it was interesting they add cha bong (dried shredded pork) to their banh mi dac biet which adds a blend of sweetness and savory to the Vietnamese cold cuts.
Here are some spots that left me yearning for more: more homemade mayo to add creaminess to the barbecued proteins, more veggies and herbs (don't hold back on that pickled daikon and carrots and add the cilantro & cucumber), and the proteins were a bit chewy though seasoned very well. Also it took quite a while for them to make 6 sandwiches so not sure how long the wait would be during peak hours. Their sandwiches are also on the pricey side with some sold at $5.50.
Nevertheless a definite bright addition to Vietnamese banh mi options in South Philly. Will definitely be back again and also to try out their drinks. Welcome Tu's Tea and Banh Mi!Got the pork banh mi. I usually go to fu wah mini market, but decided to try a new place. I think I'll stick with what i know lol. The sandwich is full of sodium. I got a headache after the first few bites. The pork was skimp and fatty. I wish they would've cooked it longer or something. The sandwich was a decent size, but they could've made it shorter so that it would at least appear to have more meat in it (i got the pickled carrots and radishes on the side which I'm sure didn't help any). The taste was ok, but the sodium is a deal breaker for me (and yes i know its pork lol but it made my pressure hit the roof and that usually doesn't happen when i go to my regular spot).Tu's Tea & Banh Mi is the second Vietnamese sandwich and bubble tea shop opened by Tu's-day group (Couldn't resist). Although there are a few other places along Washington selling the traditional sammy, including a bakery west of Broad with excellent baguettes, Tu's uses better ingredients, wraps the work tightly in faux newsprint, and presents it in a red plastic basket. The loaf is not quite French, but is plenty good enough with the roast pork I had. Each bite left crusty crumbs on the table.  
My bubble tea special was refreshing with large mango and coconut pieces swimming with tapioca balls that jammed the straw with every draw. I confess to not "getting" the bubble tea thing, but this one was cool, sweet and chewy. Not my favorite textures, but enjoyable nonetheless. 
The only shortcoming was the Salt & Pepper Wings advertised as a new thing.  I love the Chinese version of salt & pepper cuisine found in the spicier houses, but these were not that.  Rather, the wings were thickly coated in breading that included a load of sodium chloride and black pepper.  They were overly deep fried to a dark brown, and as a result were encased in the breading rather than simply dressed in it.  Wouldn't order them again.  
The shop itself is small, with 4-5 tables along one wall, and very high counter separation between dining and work area.  Felt defensive, not utilitarian. 
Tu's is a worthwhile stop for Banh Mi and a drink, but wouldn't venture far beyond that on their menu.Stopped by this place on a whim searching for the banh mi craving, and this didn't live up to my expectations. The wait was ridiculously long...maybe 15-20 minutes? The cashier did say sorry but I was still unhappy because the place wasn't that busy and all I ordered was 2 signature sandwiches. For the dac biet signature banh mi, the bread was super soft and felt fresh, nicely toasted. It had cucumbers, carrots, the viet meats, cilantro, dried pork you get in a container, all of the banh mi goodies. I can't pin it, but the sandwich is lacking that umph I've had with the best banh mi sandwiches out there. I'd say it's solid if your in a rush, but not the best out there. Place is a little small but I expect it cause it's got a hole in the wall type of feeling.I was trying to avoid going here because I wasn't able to see a menu or order online AND they don't sell bubble tea (despite being called Tu's Tea?). But I was really craving a banh mi so finally gave in and walked in to check out the menu. 
I got a pork banh mi and I'm sold! I will definitely be back to get this sandwich again and try the chicken one too. Bread was crispy on the outside and soft inside, pork had so much flavor and lots of fresh veggies. The mayo or sauce on the sandwich also seemed to have really good flavor which could have been from the pork, but either way it really made the sandwich. 
Please start selling bubble tea!Caveat - for takeout only! We got lunch one Sunday. I will not blame the restaurant for semi-cold food since it was delivered.
The banh mi sandwiches were decent, I wish they had the option to include sauces on the side which would have added more flavor. The BBQ Pork was not too barbequey which I like. The fish balls were as expected, nothing to write home about. The rangoons were good. The meat spring rolls were flavorful and hearty. 
My companions got Vietnamese coffee which wasn't too sweet.I was a little disappointed. The sandwich wasn't super great and the interior isn't as vibrant as it was in the photos of previous reviews. It was really drab and depressing in there. I got the lemongrass bahn mi and t was meh. It wasn't even on the menu but I asked for it by name from previous pajama and they were able to make it, which I appreciated.Great banh mi with perfectly fresh/crispy baguette, delicious Vietnamese iced coffee!Was invited to Tu's with some foodie friends to check out the sandwiches and tea, and they did not disappoint. 
First off -- I've never had bubble tea. I deuces to dive right in with the lychee tea (in a funky bulb of course) and I'm glad I did. I got it 25% sweet which was perfect-- lightly sweet and super refreshing for a toasty summer evening. 
I tried the spicy chicken banh mi sandwich (flavorful, moist, delicious), the BBQ pork (probably my favorite, the pork has a delicious sweet flavor), the traditional (mixed sliced meats, very flavorful), and the lemongrass tofu (not my favorite, found the tofu to be a bit dry for my liking, though the flavor was good). Also- you MUST get the cream cheese dumplings.
The staff were all very courteous and friendly, and the space is cozy. A lot of people came and went for takeout, and there's room for probably 10-12 people to comfortably sit in there. Not suitable for groups. 
Definitely check this place out. It's extremely affordable too! Most sandwiches run $4-6.Super fresh, a good price, and a great size. Was able to pay with credit card for a quick pick up, which was easy. There are so many good spots for food on this block, but since I was grabbing some things from the grocer across the street, I figured I'd give it a go and grab a few sandwiches from a few places on the block and try them all out. The bread is soft yet crispy, the meat is well seasoned, and the toppings are placed in a perfectly consistent ratio that I have only found in Vietnamese sandwich artisanship. They didn't have meatball, sausage, or any of the specialty sandwiches, just the classic pork, chicken, beef or tofu, but I figure they have a reduced menu in these times. Would definitely eat again and try other things on the menu!really great spot in the neighborhood, inexpensive and fast, friendly service. only a few vegan options (tofu banh mi; pho chay) but they are excellent. big portions and lots of condiments available. no hipsters to be found. a real hole in the wall but also a real gem. i only wish they were open a bit later in the evening (they close at 7pm every day.)Stopped in for some banh mi for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. The place is a little, unassuming hole in the wall but sells a whole range of banh mi as well as smoothies and tea drinks.
The sandwiches were freshly made to order and still warm when I got them. From the crisp hoagie, good amount of fresh pickled veggies, cilantro, and delicious viet mayo spread, most of the banh mi was on point. The pork and chicken in the two sandwiches I got were flavorful, but could've been less sweet. Overall, solid place to get banh mi at around ~$5 a piece, I wouldn't mind coming back.This bahn mi was on and poppin'! 
I tried the lemongrass tofu and my partner got the traditional. The bread is *chefs kiss perfect! They put butter and mayo making the sandwich extra decadent. The veggies were fresh and crisp and the sandwich is really big. Great bang for your buck. I will definitely will be coming back! 10/10 would recommend!I came here solely for the bubble tea in the lightbulb cup ‍ Price wasn't bad and they had a lot of flavor options. The reason i am giving three stars is because they didn't accept cards (luckily I had just enough cash) and the lightbulb cup I had was leaky. The drink itself was good though. I got a mocha bubble tea flavor. I would come back...just make sure you bring cash and have napkins on hand!I live across the street and will be so sad when I have to move further from this place. Their lemongrass Banh Mi is SO GOOD (and CHEAP). I recommend asking for extra veggies on it! I recommend this place over Ba Le. Their bubble tea/thai tea is also delicious.
My friend expressed this after eating a Banh Mi sandwich​ from here: "I thought it would just be a meal for survival and convenience​ but it was actually delicious."The tea here is legit, and they are accompanied by some solid banh mi. The tea concoctions are put together really well. They also come in fun light bulb shaped containers! (Warning -- can leak). The banh mi is solid, but could be better.Got a taste for Vietnamese hoagie, so I went on Ubereats and search. I found this gem thanks to the reviews of other yelpers. I order the BBQ beef hoagie and the green apple bubble tea with green apple pop boba added. 
The viet hoagie was wrapped in a newspaper wrapper, I found that a little odd. Peeps who order viet hoagie, knows most of those delicious rolls were wrap in a white wraps 
When I first unwrap the hoagie, the aroma of the veggies were very enticing to my senses(drooling). I took a bite, it was like OMG. The bread were still crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, perfect texture. The beef is grilled to perfection, and the veggies definitely taste fresh. While the green apple bubble tea taste great too, even though I thought it would be a apple milk tea but green tea will do. Definitely will order again in the future.This is really yummy. I gave you a five because I couldn't give you a 4.5 out of five. But that's OK because I give you the benefit of the doubt just next time make sure to cut my friend sandwich when he asks please. I am also the tea is good and the day is beautiful I think I've spent too much time on yelp for the day so I'm going to stop goodbyeThis is a great little place to grab some Thai food and some great tasting teas. The place is kept clean and the prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly and there is plenty of seating available. We come here all the time and were never disappointedI love this place for their curry fish balls, but after ordering from Ubereats, I will never eat there again. I order a steamed pork bun and it came in as hard as a rock. Obviously stored incorrectly and spoiled. Unless you want to lose a tooth, i suggest not ordering from there.Update! This place was recently remodeled and they are now a pho place. There's no bubble tea. I went in surprised but decided to try out the tofu banh mi they have on the new menu. I was pretty disappointed. The tofu was soggy and flavorless, the bread just wasn't right. I haven't tried the Pho but I've lost the desire to go back. 
The new space however is bright and clean and the employees are friendly.