//SERVICE\\
Good impression of this place on first time visit. Staff were really nice and attentive. Ordered sandwiches to go and the lady behind the counter actually asked if we didn't want peppers, which I thought was really considerate. Most places forget whenever I ask for no peppers, but she asked before I even had to say it. So gives the impression that they value getting your order right.
//FOOD\\
Their menu is mainly street food style with plenty to choose from with prices that allow you to easily order a variety of snacks hot or cold. The appetizer portions are small, so you can definitely order a variety to share or sample.
The Traditional Viet hoagies were nice and crispy with some nice subtle flavors in there that I haven't tasted elsewhere. We also ordered the popcorn chicken, which we'd never had before so can't compare to other places. It's definitely not like Taiwanese popcorn chicken. The meat is pre-marinated (so it looks very dark) and was on the salty side. The meat was dry, but more like the kind of dryness that comes from a re-fry. But again, never had Viet popcorn chicken before so can't comment on how it compares to it's standard.
Overall, seems like good value for the money. And although i didn't order any, their drink menu looks extensive. I'd come again because of good service and variety. But I'd need more visits before I can decide on the overall taste quality.
//SPACE\\
Basic no-frills decor, has that familiar/warm family-run feel. The place is kind of small, but there are a few tables. So easily a place where you can hang out with friends over desserts. No wait service, just order at the counter when you walk in.I have to give this place a 2 star. 
I come here pretty often because I pass by here all the time and I always want bubble tea. 
I have had plenty negative experience. 
1. My sister and i ordered skewers and when we got home the chicken skewers were so burnt they looked like coal... Literally. Not even exaggerating
2. We ordered 5 screwed and only got 4
3. Wait time is always forever
4. They never have things in their menu. They always run out of something...
Still... We continue to give this place a try.I love their banh mi. My favorite is the signature banh mi. The pork banhmi (i order mine extra spicy) is very good too. I had the chicken gizzard skewer which was very good. The Snow Mango pomelo is very fresh too.Ice coffee and banh mis are good.Amazing authentic food... Finally!!! I had the wonton noodle soup and spicy BBQ pork bahn mi. Broth was definitely made from bones. Noodles weren't soggy, always a plus. The wontons are a perfect mix of pork, shrimp, fish sauce and maybe oyster sauce. Not sure but delicious to say. 
The bahn mi was perfect amount of spice and freshness. The roll was toasty and huge. This place does not skimp on portion sizes. Couldn't finish everything will have the rest later today. 
Service was great too and attentive. They are open to other cultures being there I was not treated any differently. I will be going back.I usually have gone here for their avocado smoothie with boba($5.50), it was okay, but a tad bit bitter every time. I guess that means the avocado wasn't ripe enough. I had their durian smoothie, and my mom paid ($6)with boba. The drinks are so expensive. I feel like the worker ripped my mom off because why is the avocado smoothie ($5.50) while the durian smoothie is ($6)? It doesn't make sense. They don't have a proper menu on the board for customers to see, so the price can change every time. Plus, the durian smoothie was nearly all ice. Not good to be honest. I might not come back.I've always pass by this place so i figured I'll give it a shot. I guess people are right about pictures can be deceiving. I got Tu's #1 special. It didn't look like the picture. I guess photoshop played a big part. I thought the drink is coconut water like Bambu, but nope, fresh out of the can lychee juice. All seems like canned fruits.... Kinda disappointing.  Maybe I'll give it another chance but probably would try a different drink next time.I have been looking for a great bubble tea place and I finally found it! Also had the spicy pork bah mi and it was amazing! The staff was really nice and it was quick and cheap. Would definitely go backSo good. Especially the vegetable banh mi.I recently tried this place because the other restaurant Nhu Quynh was closed that day that I was so hungry. I'm glad I gave it a chance. The banh micwas really good and now I prefer this place's banh mi over nhu quynh's. I also tried a bubble tea since bambu was closed. I'm a picky bubble tea drinker so I was kind of reluctant to try it. I had the passion fruit and usually I like less sweet but since it was my first time, I didn't know what to expect because I had 0 sugar at another store and it was tasteless... A disappointment. So I I went w regular sugar. I stayed there eating waiting for my mom to be done with food shopping. When I was about to get up, the friendly cashier asked me how was the banh mi, and if it suits my taste. Then she also asked me, I don't know how she read my mind, how's the drink, if it was too sweet for me. I talks her honestly that it was and she explained that people around the area usually drink it sweeter so next time, I can always ask for either 50% or 70% sugar. I liked how they actually asked! This is my new go to place for banh mi along with the banh mi located in Adams ave.My first ever Banh Mi - heard they were great here so I tried the BBQ pork one. It was very good, plus she asked if I wanted peppers - I'm glad she did, because if she had just put them on I fear it would've been too spicy for me.
I also tried their Thai iced tea which was very tasty.
I took one star off because there were flies buzzing around the eating space, at one point even landing on my food. Otherwise the joint is clean and relaxed. Would go back, but perhaps for takeout next time.I ordered 3 vietnamese hoagies and they came with no pickles veggies or peppers nothing just the plain slab of meat! who makes vietnamese hoagies and dont even put these essential things in the sandwich or at least on the side!Sandwhich are amazing! Bread is toasted perfectly, not to expensive, super nice staff, awesome drinks. What more can you ask for! 5 starsVentured out on one of the coldest days of the year to try this place, and it was well worth it! I was in the mood for Banh Mi, so I opened up my trusty Yelp app! Tu's was listed as new & hot, so I figured I'd give them a try. Ordered a bbq pork & bbq chicken Banh Mi, as well as an order of steamed lemongrass chicken dumplings. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and absolutely delicious!My friend and I went there today on a HOT afternoon, wanting a cool good smoothies. We went there and that place was burning. Imaging a hot car in a 90 degrees day, without an AC on, with windows locked. Yup, that's how it felt there. So after a long time waiting to get our smoothies, we went outside and it was so much cooler outside. Then we got into the car and finally got to taste the mango smoothie which we ordered and waited for 15 mins for. The mango smoothie was so bad, it did not taste anything like mango, plus, it was so bitter and bland. There were also big chunks of ice in there because the blender sucks. We are so disappointed by this place and won't be coming back again.This place is definitely a hidden gem. 
It is located in a shopping center that has definitely seen better days...but what the area lacks in aesthetics is more than made up by Tu's Tea restaurant! 
The prices are extremely reasonable ~$5 for a good sized Bahn Mi sandwich. It was the perfect amount of spice and flavor kick.
They had multiple vegetarian options! Definitely coming back!
Be aware that this isn't a fine dining restaurant - meaning it won't be spotless, white tablecloth place. It's a no frills, good priced food, place.They make a tasty Bahn Mi.  There Dac Biet come with shredded pork which is not something I have had before on that version but it was good.  The baguette was fresh with just the right amount of crispiness. They had some interesting soups on the menu that I would like to try.  Place was clean and staff was friendly.Use to be my #1 go to spot for traditional Vietnamese hoagies. But few times in a row it's just the worst hoagie I've ever had. 
They look extremely sloppy, like 3 year old was making them. There is no meat and you can't even see liver spread. Like they are trying to make 2 hoagies from Ingredients for one. 
Even when you ask for extra, they charge you for it but make no difference!!! When you charge an extra buck for something, at least make sure to put it in!
Sorry, but I'm going elsewhere. No more. It's just not worth and aggravation.I ordered the vegetarian bahn mi and it was missing the jalapeños and avocado as well as the spread/sauce... disappointing for such a simple order. Seemed like it was put together in a rush, real sloppy. Disappointed, may or may not come again.I love the banh mi (Vietnamese hoagies) from this place they are the best the bread and meat are very good quality.  The service is quick and people are awesome!  When I'm in Phila this would be the only place I would stop to get to my banh mi.  Great place for a quick serve meal.I've been to this place couple of times and now I'm a regular there. The traditional Vietnamese hoagie is delicious. The matcha slushy with bubbles is my favorite, that's because I love Matcha anything but not everyone can make it good. I also tried the Coca-Cola wings appetizer and its finger-licking good. I've tried the Pork and preserved eggs congee on a cold day, and surprisingly it was almost like how I would make it at home. It is not like other places where the congee is very watery and barely any preserved eggs. I also tried this special unique dessert they had it has coffee flan with pandan and something else in it, I forgot the ingredients but all I can say is that it's delicious! I've never had this before and it was the most unique and delicious dessert I've had. If you're around the area stop by this place and give it a try, you won't be disappointed.I just ordered at this place exactly 5 minutes ago, I took 3 sips of my drink and it's already gone. My drink is filled with majorly of ice and barely any toppings. A little over 3/4 of my drink was filled with ice and I barely received any tapioca. I am so disappointed in this place because I have been a regular customer here for so long and I basically paid $5 for ice and a few tapioca when I can go to Ben city, which is the supermarket near Tu Tea.I only had a bubble tea (the #1) and for $5 it was very big, had lots of delicious lychee, jello, flan, and Bubble tea pearls. The staff was very kind. Place was clean including the restroom. I didn't try the food but this was a great place to work in an area that doesn't have many nicer options.Best banh mi I've ever had! I've been to this place twice and each time, I've been very satisfied. The service is great. The employees are nice and friendly. And the food is good. Their banh mi bread is deliciously crunchy and toasted and the ingredients inside are fresh and tasty. 
It's a small cafe but they have quite a few choices for food and drinks (not alcohol). Their bubble teas are pretty good as well. They have unique recipes for their banh mi if you want to venture away from the traditional and they also serve wonton noodle soups. I really enjoyed my experience there. Will be back for sure~My friend and I went there today on a HOT afternoon, wanting a cool good smoothies. We went there and that place was burning. Imaging a hot car in a 90 degrees day, without an AC on, with windows locked. Yup, that's how it felt there. So after a long time waiting to get our smoothies, we went outside and it was so much cooler outside. Then we got into the car and finally got to taste the mango smoothie which we ordered and waited for 15 mins for. The mango smoothie was so bad, it did not taste anything like mango, plus, it was so bitter and bland. There were also big chunks of ice in there because the blender sucks. We are so disappointed by this place and won't be coming back again.I like this place for a couple of reasons. If I'm going to Ben City, I can get decent Viet hoagies, and cheap bubble tea from the same parking lot. All without much of a wait
They add their own signature spice to the traditional/dac biet hoagies here, a mix of cloves and not sure what else. It adds a subtle sweetness to the sandwich. A little stingy on the veggies maybe, but overall, I think it's a decent sandwich for the price. Overall, a 3.5. It's a big sized baguette, but the filling is kind of meager, otherwise I'd give it a 4 if it had more veg and thicker slices of meat.
Nice staff, not pushy, patient. She forgot something in my order, I pointed it out and got it addressed and fixed with no fuss. I hope this place sticks around for a long time.I would like to like this place but it seems like the Owner doesn't want my business. The iced coffee isn't consistent. Sometimes it is good but most of the time the ice is already halfway melted. So I stopped ordering the coffee and moved to something else. But the drink i ordered doesn't qualify for a stamp on the cards they have even though the drink costs more than the coffee? I have spent the better part of the summer buying their food because I support small business. But they treat me like I don't always tip and spend at least 80$ a week here. I had to come back and see if anything was different and it wasn't. Damn. I love coming here too but can't deal with the dissapointment of of having the best banh mi one day and order the same thing and get whole unsliced peppers on a bed of way too much chili's the nextIt's a great place to hang out. Lots of yummy food, fresh and clean. Providing nice customer service. Worth to trying out :)I use to like this place, especially the spicy pork bahn mi. But after today I will not be going back. The spicy pork was in powder form, they just threw it in there didn't bother to mix it so it can be an actual sauce. Not at all appetizing! And when we called to ask they said it was suppose to be powder. It wasn't like this before.Great Banh Mi, great tea and coffee, great service and great prices.  I love this place.  I only went once, but can't wait to get back in here.  It's right by my office, so I see many trips here in my future.  It's a small space, but I can't say enough good things about this place.  If you're nearby, stop in, you won't be disappointed.This was a flavorful surprise for sure! I came across this delight on a day that most places were closed. I  ordered the cream cheese wonton for my kid, but immediately regretted not ordering my own. The "Vegetarian" was so much more fun than I expected.Spicy bbq pork banh mi was pretty great, good consistency and even ingredients. Tom Yum soup was...interesting.Legit Vietnamese Banh Mi is served here.  They do scrimp on the meat and veggies though, so I took off a star for that.  Very authentic tasting and the bread is delicious.  Crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside! Taro and Avocado bubble tea was on point.
Located in an old and crowded shopping center.If you're ever in the Lawncrest/Lawndale area of Philly, you must stop by this place for Vietnamese iced coffee and a Lemongrass Tofu Banh Mi. I am not by any means a vegetarian but I only ever get the lemongrass tofu banh mi from here. It's fried Tofu with lemongrass seasoning, jalapeño peppers, cucumbers, pickled carrots and cilantro on a toasty banquette. I believe they also butter the banquette! It's also very affordable at only $4! Of course, I have to get the Vietnamese iced coffee with bubble with my sandwich! And they have a rewards program where you buy 10 drinks and get the 11th free. I don't steer people wrong when it comes to food! This place will not disappointFive stars just based on the drinks alone. I always get milk teas and each time I haven't been let down. I love honey dew but their signature milk tea is delicious. Also a lot of variety- definitely one of the best.Whenever I go to a spot like this I most likely get a traditional Vietnamese hoagie. I can say that it wasn't bad but I had better .
My brother got the spicy seafood noodle, it's not that spicy. He said that it was good, but wasn't impress. 
The seafood tom yum was okay, but my dad wasn't feeling it . 
But other than that service was great! 5 stars for that and the desert ( Mango with tapioca) was really good!I've been hearing tasty things about this place and finally got a chance to stop by today.  There are a few simple things I enjoy in a banh mi:  crunchy bread, the crisp fresh taste of cilantro, and the it-hurts-so-bad-that-it's-good-tongue-numbing sting of jalapeños that keeps you begging for another bite. Check, check, and check.  Of course the heat can only be quenched by a refreshingly cold matcha smoothie, and this place delivered.
Don't let the name of the place fool you.  The menu is quite extensive and there seems to be something for everyone.  There's no shortage of banh mi shops in the area, and this one truly shines amongst them.  Open one in Chicago please!There is only one word to describe this cozy corner: Delicious! The dessert menu is so unique and satisfying to your taste buds that the next time you are craving for sweet, your brain will automatically re-route you to Tu's Tea & Banh Mi (at least that was what happened to mine!). Upon trying the Wonton noodle soup, I have to say the flavor is truly impressive. The soup broth has just the right combination of the taste elements exploding in my mouth that I can honestly compare to a festive July 4th fireworks for my taste buds. The teriyaki chicken skewer is not to dismiss lightly either even when it's in the one dollar range. It is pleasantly crispy and I can taste the teriyaki flavor within the meat, basically covering every square inch of the meat surface area. The food price versus the food quality is inversely proportional. To satisfy thousands of taste buds for a minimal price is no joke! Make it your goal to get to Tu's tea ASAP and your wallet and taste buds will thank you. You might find yourself subconsciously steering your wheel to Tu's tea direction every time you crave uniquely flavored Asian food in a cozy corner.Coffee with pudding and a Tu tea special is a must whenever I'm in the neighborhood. Their coffee is always done just right and the Tu teas are not as sweet as bamboo from a few doors down. Only flip side is you have a wait a few good minutes for them to make it but it's worth the wait.A very sudden need for tea & ban mi sandwich brought me here. I'm not from this area at all, but was in the area for a convention. My lunch craving brought me here during a quiet hour (2-3pm weekday) and so I decided to dine in. I was a little disappointed when I first walked in because the tables were all dirty with used dishes and plates and cups all over the 3 tables in this small space. But I figured that they just didn't get to cleaning the tables yet so I stayed and waited to order. It was a super simple order of one cold tea, and one traditional ban mi. The tea was 4/5 (for some reason, it just wasn't the usual flavorful bubble tea that I'm so used to from other places I have had it from places all over the country, not just this region). The sandwich was quite disappointing because of the quantity of ingredients. The meat was SO thin and there was SO little of it. I asked for no cilantro, because I have an innate aversion to it (like many others), but I guess that also translates to none of anything else in the sandwich... there was a very small amount of pickled daikon/carrot. That was all. The bread was delicious, but I've actually never had "bad" bread when ordering ban mi sandwiches, anywhere. But man... the sandwich left me really disappointed. The ladies working there were kind and pleasant, so that was great. But the food and tea took pretty long to prepare (and again, there wasn't anyone else there...) and the food wasn't particularly great. I won't be back, even if in Philadelphia in this area. It's in the strip mall with plenty of other options for me to try next time (if there is a next time!)This was my first time here at Tu's Tea and Banh Mi and I can say the food is great. I ordered the bbq spicy pork was delicious!! Great for the price. Doesn't get better than this. I would totally recommend it for people who are looking for authentic banh mi taste. I'll definitely be back for more!3 Stars for the delicious drinks. 
-2 stars for the customer service.
They got my order wrong and insisted it was my fault. They didn't apologize and expected me to be okay with it. I'll stick to Bambu.This place use to be good, I use to love the hoagies but all I can say now is just wow. The hoagie doesn't even look like it use to or even taste right any more. I'm so disappointed.I ordered the black milk lightbulb tea! Terrific taste beyond my expectation! I would definitely recommend to all of my friends. Their tastes are much better than some well-known Chinese bubble tea store like Kung-Fu Tea etc. definitely wanna come again!The lady behind the counter was super-nervous that I wouldn't like the durian fruit dessert - but I asked her for a sample & really liked it! The dessert is a bit expensive - a little over $8, but they don't have a credit card limit (unlike Bambu) & it sure got the spot on a hot day!This is one of the best Banh Mi place I've ever been to. Not only is the food great, the customer service is beyond what they are getting paid for. Every time I come here, I'm always welcome with a smile and a hello. I was quite surprise to see conflicting comments about their customer service as I have never received anything but the best. Will definitely come back again. Oh and THE DRINKS!!!! THEY ARE FLAWLESS !! Every one of the drinks that I've tried fills my taste buds with nothing but delight and happinessI've been a regular here since their grand opening. Owner Karen and her sister Quan are the sweetest people you will meet. Service is always with a smile and they even offer complimentary items once in a while. The place itself is very small but super welcoming. The dining area is lit with natural lighting from their huge window panels. The menu is accompanied by pictures all over the wall so it's very easy to see what you're getting.
I recently visited and they offer light bulb boba teas now, which is totally awesome! Such a whimsical idea, I felt so hip drinking from the lightbulbs (^.^). My favorite flavor was the Giant Mocha, which is really giant. It's like twice the size of a coffee coolata. Their food here is also very tasty. We got the Japanese sausage skewers and they  were phenomenal! The sausage is savory with a really nice snap to it and their teriyaki  glaze candied up the outside of the sausage, making it sticky and sweet, such great contrasts. Make sure you get their wonton noodle soup also, it's the best here, much better than china town.
Tu's Tea recently opened another store in South Philly on Washington. I will definitely check that location out also and review it again. If you're in the Northeast, do not miss out on this excellent establishment!Grabbed some banh mi from this place and was pretty disappointed. Got a spicy chicken (because they didn't have pork which I didn't mind) and a lemongrass tofu. I love lemongrass tofu banh mis but this one was not good. 
The tofu wasn't actually marinated with lemongrass. Instead the lemongrass flavor came from their spread/sauce. I honestly don't care as long it taste good but unfortunately it didn't. Their lemongrass sauce was way too salty. And it was spread on the crevice where the sides of the buns met so it was salty on one side of the hoagie leaving the other side bland. I ended up ripping off lots of the bread parts where there was too much spread because it just too salty and ended up wasting a lot of bread. I think it would be better if they toss the tofu with spread/sauce before placing it in the hoagie. 
They seems to over sauce their hoagies because we had the same problem with the spicy chicken one. All we tasted was the spicy sauce concentrated on (surprise) one side. 
On the bright side, their milk tea is pretty good. But I'm going to pass on the hoagies in the mean time.Ok clearly the absolute best Banh mi that I have had in the area. We stopped in for two sandwiches and soup. Wow!!! everything was really good, and they made some of the best French fires that I have ever had. Definitely give this place a try!!!
They are mainly a take out spot, but if you eat in they do have a couple of tables, so pull up a chair and step into Banh Mi heaven.Came here to get some bubble tea.  We tried the durian dessert which was very good with nice mixture of tapioca and sago.
I also like the traditional house special milk tea with grass yellow.  For 22oz large size it was $3.50 and with extra topping it is additional 50cent.
The atmosphere is comfortable and plenty of open seating.  It is in a food mini plaza and there's a Asian grocery store nearby as well.
They also sell food but we didn't try it here.  I don't think it is what they are known for.  Would defiantly recommend this place for bubble tea though.  I will be back and try new flavors.Everything is made fresh and you can taste the difference. The broth from their noodle has no MSG because after I ate it, I didn't feel sleepy with tense shoulders (usually msg does that to you).
The place is nice can clean! I love the spicy beef banh mi with a fried egg and their beef stew noodle soup :)Went to Ben City to grab some grocery and Tu Tea was near so I decided to grab a drink . I ordered a large Thai Tea which cost $5 or so, my Thai tea was mostly ICE and I got like 5 sips from my drink and it's was done . If I wanted ice I can just get it at home for free. Really disappointed at this place and I will never come back again .Use to be my #1 go to spot for traditional Vietnamese hoagies. But few times in a row it's just the worst hoagie I've ever had. 
They look extremely sloppy, like 3 year old was making them. There is no meat and you can't even see liver spread. Like they are trying to make 2 hoagies from Ingredients for one. 
Even when you ask for extra, they charge you for it but make no difference!!! When you change extra buck for something at least make sure to put it in!
Sorry, but I'm going elsewhere. No more. It's just not worth and aggravation.You know that warm fuzzy feeling you get when you know you've discovered a gem of a restaurant? I immediately felt it after I stepped into Tu's Tea & Banh Mi. From the modest but inviting decor to the pleasant gal behind the counter who greets you with a hello and a smile (unfortunately rare for a lot of mom/pop viet joints I've frequented around the area). 
I accidentally came across Tu's Tea & Banh Mi after discovering that Cafe Saigon down the street was closed for the day. But you know what they say, "everything happens for a reason". 
Pricing for banh mi range from $3.75 to $5.50 depending on how fancy you wanna get. The sandwiches are huge and the fillings are generous. They have a fantastic buy 5 get 1 free deal - who can say no to a deal like that?  The summer rolls here were also on point and super fresh - everything is made-to order! I'm looking forward to coming back and trying out their special desserts - "snow mango pomelo" and "durian supreme" both sound delicious.
I guess I have to denounce my allegiance to my fave local banh mi joint because Tu's Tea & Banh Mi is taking the cake and my money...mostly my money.  Now, let me get back to eating the rest of my banh mi thit nuong. Nomnomnom.The very best Vietnamese Hoagie ever. Love the place. It's tucked away in a strip mall behind the airport? with a bunch of other Viet restaurants but worth the find. Also prices are amazing and low.