Stopped in to check out this new spot around the corner from us, as my boyfriend has been anticipating its opening for quite some time. Can I say it- FINALLY! Am amazing place for sushi in the city. We were there for what they were calling their soft opening, where apparently they are testing out menu and cocktail items for their "official" opening sometime soon. We were very pleased with the ambiance, service and food/drink. The fish is top quality. We said hello to the owner/executive chef and he seemed to be beaming over his accomplishments, rightfully so! This is a must stop if you're a sushi/Asian fusion fan. We look forward to seeing what's in store for Tuna Bar and are thrilled to have this a two minute walk away!I live in the neighborhood and used to order at least once a week and pick up.  The last last few times I have had to wait from 10 to 15 minutes as the team scrambles around trying to find change. All I wanted to do is pay for my food and take it home.   And tonight after the wait for change. I gave them 2 20's for a 27 dollar check. 
I get home and it is the wrong food. My warm dish was cold and my sushi was wrong.  Lost me as a customerWe came here tonight just for a date night. We started with some basics of edamame and tuna tartare, the tartar took me back to California, the taste of fresh ocean and soft creamy avocado was just to die for. Then we had some creamy rock shrimp that had a tiny bit of spice at the end which was pretty good too. We also had the Miso soup which was one of the best miso soups we've had. This was followed by our version of surf and turf where we had sushi rolls and their steak. We were nothing but satisfied with all of the flavor profiles we were able to enjoy during this entire meal. If you get a chance please check this place out they also have amazing cocktails.Wow! What a great dining adventure! Huge rolls, good sake, good beer and HOT tea- was all awesome!Wonderfully fresh sushi, amazing lobster fried rice with tons of umami, beautiful looking restaurant.Hard to find a sushi spot with good quality ingredients. Service was amazing as well. The waiter accidentally forgot to take one of our orders and later gave us complementary dessert to make up for it! Got the Fishtown roll, dynamite white tuna, and green tea cake with chocolate ubé ice cream.Tuna Bar is a new sushi digs in Old City, a relatively upscale neighborhood in a city flooded with mediocre sushi restaurants. I frequent laban's favorites, bubblefish being one of them and the last visit left something to be desired. The fork in the road left me with two options, Royal Izakaya or Tuna Bar, and boy am I glad I chose the latter.
The ambiance is on point, and the service is friendly and welcoming. The menu is curated beautifully, from my understanding they narrowed it down quite a bit from the other location. This means everything on the menu is guaranteed to be fantastic and FRESH.
We started with the steamed chicken dumplings which were light and steamed to perfection. The ginger salad followed with slices of avocado and wonderfully balanced ginger dressing that wasn't too sweet. And they even do spring mix, which was great considering romaine isn't the best these days. 
For our sushi selections we went with the classic dragon roll, the east roll, the j & j roll, and 4 pieces of the tasmanian salmon, which is a fattier cut of wild caught alaskan salmon. The fish absolutely melted in your mouth and highlighted the night beautifully. The dragon roll was crafted wonderfully and the rice on every selection seemed to highlight the delicate subtleties of genuinely fresh fish. The wasabi was even a notch above. I don't know what else I can say besides try it for yourself. The preparation of everything was so wonderfully thought out and you can tell they care about what they do here. Ken was also present and very humble about my compliments.
6/5After loving on the west coast for over 20 years, I admit I'm a sushi snob. From the quality of the fish to the rice to the wasabi, it all counts and Tuna Bar hits on all cylinders (the wasabi is freshly grated). I'm looking forward to trying the other dishes as well but I'm sure they will deliver as well.My girlfriends and I came here for a nice girls dinner (we love sushi). My friend had heard that it got good reviews so we decided to try it out. WE are so glad that we did!! The space is really neat. It has an inviting, laid back, retro atmosphere. I felt like I spent the first few minutes just taking in the scenery. They did an excellent job with the decor. We were seated immediately and our server promptly offered us water and drink menus. She was awesome! We ordered edamame and the chicken/shrimp dumplings. Both were very good. We ordered 6 rolls (each came with at least 8 pieces regardless of it being a special or house roll). We got 2 spicy salmon, yellowtail scallion, spider, dragon and the Old City. They were all VERY good. Highly recommend. Even the platters that the food was served on were well thought through. A manager came over to our table to ask us how our experience was. I appreciated that touch and will definitely recommend Tuna Bar to people!Absolutely amazing!! We made reservations but it wasn't overly crowded on a Sunday, it was a perfect chill spot. The decor is awesome and a very stylish but warm vibe. The food was phenomenal and service was great. We got the dumplings, lobster fried rice, Rick shrimp, Sindy roll, and fishtown roll. The Sindy Roll and dumplings were our favorite. Highly recommend !!!Checked out this new sushi spot after hearing good things and I'm glad I did! The fish was clearly very fresh and the portion sizes were generous. The seasoning was excellent on the dishes. The J&J Specialty Roll was really good and I highly recommend it.  All in all, a great experience with delectable food and lovely ambiance. Will definitely be coming back!Excellent and fresh sushi! Started with the soba noodles and ginger salad. So delicious! I got the J&J roll and I wish I had ordered two!! Best sushi I've had in the city by far.Wonderful new addition to Philly/Old City. Isreal behind the bar is a real bartender in a city of imposters, completely​ knowledgeable​ about cocktails/liquor​. ​Chef Ken is running a tight ship. the sushi is consistently​ fresh/clean everything you want in a sushi place. Happy hour is prime. Don't​ have anything negative​ to say about this beautiful new spot. I love everything down to the glassware​ and bar tools.I ordered the Rittenhouse roll and geisha roll on the special menu! I really enjoyed both. They were very fresh and flavorful. I also liked the environment.I had high hope on this fairly new but seems popular restaurant. So I went there on a Friday night with a friend of mine. 
At 7:30pm, It was very crowed, fortunately we made a reservation. We were seated quickly by the window. The server was friendly and nice. Each of use ordered a drink. I ordered Lychee - it's a $15 cocktail. The drink was plain and I could barely taste alcohol. For the price I pay, I would expect a fantastic cocktail. Who wouldn't? 
Then it comes to the sushi. We actually also ordered a fried rice. It's very average fried rice, like the ones you can get in Chinatown for $8. But you pay double of the price in this "fancy" restaurant. The sushi was ok. Just ok. I'm a sushi lover, and I've tried many sushi restaurants, good and bad. The sushi we had was just average. Didn't blow my mind at all.
Overall, this restaurant is over priced for the food, but I must give credit to its ambience, very modern and romantic. They also have outdoor seating. It's a good restaurant for a date night, but don't expect good food.Amazing experience at Tuna Bar tonight. The food was amazing and service was great, as well. I would definitely highly recommend.What a wonderful dinner I just ate! Came here with five friends and the table we had was extremely accommodating. Love the mood lighting and stone tables. Our waitress, Stacey, was extremely lovely and answered all our questions! We had the rock shrimp and edamame as appetizers which both were very delicious! We shared a bunch of special rolls as well as sushi. The fish was very fresh and the soy sauce was very good! Overall a fabulous experience! Will be back soon!!!!We have had three meals since opening day. Proud to admit that this has now become my favorite sushi spot. The drinks are phenomenal. Sushi is fresh and creative. And I love the vibe in there. Ps to one of the previous comments. They have high chairs. Kids have lives too!I have been here three or four times and have had nothing but great experiences. The drinks are great, and the sushi is always fresh. It is a little bit on the pricey side but worth the money! My boyfriend and I were walking by one night without a reservation and they accommodated us at an outside table since it was a beautiful night. Just as we got our food it got very cold and windy and they quickly moved us to an inside table even though it was a little crowded. The chef is so friendly! He stopped out our table one night while we were dining here and took time to explain that night's fish specials and came back later to make sure we enjoyed his suggestions. Overall this restaurant has great food, great service and a great atmosphere!Been coming here since the place open and I swear it's gotten better and better every single time. We live pretty close by and we're super happy in this place opened up. Their weekend specials and brunch are pretty amazing. Some of the freshest fish in the city 100% hands-downMy first ever yelp review. I'm not the type to write reviews but Tuna Bar was just fantastic and I wanted to support the new restaurant in the neighborhood.
We ordered the pork gyoza, tuna crudo, toro sashimi and two sushi rolls. All were out of this world good. You could tell how fresh the fish was. 
Only house sake being served right now but waiter told us a full sake menu will be offered shortly.
I highly recommend Tuna Bar and I can say for sure that I will be back.The best for sushi and non-business lovers. 
Food and service was just amazing!
I will definitely be back.Went here for NYE. Great space and friendly, knowledgeable staff. The food was outstanding, especially the avocado toast and flash fried yellow tail. Will go back.AMAZING FOOD, GREAT COCKTAILS AND FANTASTIC SERVICE
Every single decision made for this restaurant was the exact perfect choice. The food is the best in Philadelphia and the cocktails pair perfectly. The style is inventive with the backbone of authenticity. If I had three meals left in my life, I would eat here 3 times.I'm not overstating: this is the best Japanese restaurant I've been in the United States. From the beautiful design to flawless food, including very nice service, it was a perfect dinner. Miso soup is fantastic, the rolls were amazing and the kobe beef niguiri, so good!
Before leaving, the waitress called the owner to greet me and I even got a small dessert on the house. 
The only bad thing about Tuna Bar: it's too many miles from my home in Orlando. I could eat here every week if it were not by the distance.3rd time ordering out and the sushi was just disgusting. I ordered the spicy tuna roll and the tuna tasted like it had been sitting out in the sun rotting for days. It was not fresh and it tasted horrible. Last time I ordered I felt sick after eating the spicy tuna and I'm afraid I'm going to feel sick again after having one piece. Very disappointed and not going to order againI've been here four times already!  The sushi is fresh.  I really enjoyed the Fishtown Roll.I'm a foodie and this is a special restaurant. The Mai fried rice: I wanted to hug it and go to bed with it.  Everything is well thought out including the cocktail drinks.First of all they sat us by the window and then they turned the fan on. The waiter Up sold this "amazing" toro tuna avocado tartar so we got it and then 25 minutes pass.. nothing. They brought us the sushi we ordered before our appetizers. The sushi was average, overpriced and nothing special and they didn't serve the sushi with wasabi or ginger... we had to wait 10 minutes to ask for wasabi. Insane. They then brought us the toro app after our entree and it was horrible. The toro was falling apart and did not taste like an expensive piece of fish should. The waiter had to come back without us even asking and said I'm so sorry the toro was not up to our standards we're taking it off the bill. We then ordered another roll to supplement which was fine. Overall a $108 meal for 2 worth $60. Not going back.Hands down best sushi in Philly! I make an effort to try places around the city and this blows them all away. Superb dining experience. Exquisite!!By far the best Japanese food in Philadelphia! Having lived in Osaka and being Chinese, this food transports me to places. I have never praised fried rice but their fried rice takes me home. Special. Tuna tartare and sashimi salad are amazing. J&J roll was excellent. Even the genmai green tea was high quality. 
Love the Shiso picante cocktail. 
I predict this to be one of hottest places in Philadelphia in the near future.TB is a GREAT new addition to Old City! This might be one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. Kisso and Uzu have been our go to places for sushi but now there's a new guy in town! My boyfriend and I enjoyed the NYE pre fixe menu. Our friendly server threw in an order of tuna crudo on the house which did not disappoint. We sat at the tuna bar and both ordered drinks - a cocktail for me and beer for him. The atmosphere was energetic and fun! We will definitely be back.Phenomenal!   Awesome food, even better service and incredible atmosphere.  Ken knows how to do it right.  2 for 2.Modern trendy layout. Sat at the bar and was able to watch the chefs make everything. The food and drinks we had were delicious... sushi was spectacular but pricy.... 5 sushi and tuna roll for 35 or 8 sushi and tuna roll for 60.. my math is off... but either way was good.
My issue is with the hostess/seating. Mostly empty and told it was all booked so we sat at the bar... 2 hours later those same outside seats still open.... another group came in and sat at the bar... nothing taken.... don't pretend.I made a reservation based on the previous reviews of Tuna Bar for Valentines Day almost 2 weeks in advance. The night before the reservation (tonight) the hostess called me and informed me that they would only be offering the chefs tasting menu. 
There was no information on Open Table or their website about this restriction, and I just checked again and still nothing. 
While I am usually ok with tasting menus, my purpose for booking the restaurant was just for the sushi. 
When I called back to express my concern, the hostess offered a weak apology and did not try to help resolve the situation. I am now forced to scramble the night before Valentine's Day to make a reservation because of their lack of communication. 
Because of this, I will probably not visit this restaurant in the future as I am beyond upset at how the restaurant handled the situation.This place was amazing. Between the food, atmosphere, and affordability of the menu, I was extremely happy with my dining experience. I still dream of the Sindy Roll (one word: perfection) and the homemade Matcha Cheesecake ice cream.I've been here twice so far. Pretty positive experience overrall.
As far as the food - the fried brussel sprouts were excellent. Can't recall the special that I got more recently, but it was delicious though I believe overpriced. The more standard menu options are delicious and portion sizes are good. 
Nice layout overall, though some of the seating feels slightly cramped - especially during busy dinner. Not something that would hinder me from going back for a night out with friends, but I'd choose another spot if the conversation was more business related.Everything we had was amazing! I've tried many different sushi rolls and appetizers. Every bite was amazing! The best sushi place I've been to by far.
I also would like to mention the wonderful service!Food was ok but definitely overpriced. Also they have no high chairs for patrons with children. I think tuna bar is trying to be like morimoto but falls very short.If it wasn't for the tuna tartar, which was decent, this would be a one star restaurant.  The tuna tartar had potential, but needed some finishing salt and maybe a little heat and/or crunch to make it more interesting. 
Ordered three rolls and they were awful.  The spicy tuna and the unagi rolls contained this weird mixture, which I assume was pureed fish.  I've never experienced that before.  The salmon rolls had too much rice and the seaweed was too thick.  We slathered the rolls in soy sauce and wasabi to make them more palatable. 
Ordered three pieces of sushi.  They were some of the largest pieces of sushi I've ever had. The salmon was not fresh.  The hamachi was boring.  The striped bass, which was the cheapest of the sushis, was actually the most flavorful. 
A crisp Riesling is usually a good accompaniment to sushi.  Unfortunately, there is not one on the menu.  The one they had was cloyingly sweet, with no acid or fruit.  It wasn't even finished!  The pinot noir was too earthy.  The cava, while not great, was the best of the options. 
The main restaurant can be very loud.  The small side booths for two are a good option for a couple who want to be able to converse.Warning: be careful with reservations. We made a dinner reservation far in advance, and when we arrived our table was not ready. At first, no big deal/it happens. However, after waiting for 40 minutes outside, there was still no telling when our table would be ready. We were offered to squeeze into a (small) two person table for our reservation of three. There were no accommodations made, we were basically shit out of luck. So FYI if you plan a nice dinner ahead of time, reservations mean very little at this restaurant. They are obviously new to the business side of things, and really need to get it together. Will not be returning, nor do I recommend. (Also - first time I've ever felt the need to write a yelp review, it was that poorly handled).I found this spot who had some interesting sushi rolls. So, we went over to check it out. With the wall facing the street being all windows, the inside was flooded with natural light. They had a quite large sushi and bar counter in the middle, with seating all around it. They also had small two-person booth seating on the side as well. Very clean decor, I am glad they didn't put up any kind of cheap or fake Asian "artworks" on the wall.
We ordered an appetizer and side dish to go with our sushi rolls. We chose Creamy Rock Shrimp, Lobster Fried Rice, Sindy Roll and Old City Roll. All in all, they were all very tasty, high quality and we enjoyed them very much. Yes, everything was perfect until we ordered some desserts... 
Since they didn't have a dessert menu, we ordered Tree Cake and Green Tea Cheesecake based on the description of the dessert that our waitress gave us. 
This so-called Tree Cake...I call it "rip-off" cake. Our waitress described it as a cake made with almond, egg and butter. When it came out, I was shocked what it really was... If you are familiar with a common and popular sweets in Japan, one of them is called Baumkuchen which is actually a German layered cake. They can be purchased from most bakeries and stores, and not so pricey unless you go to some fancy boutique to get it. The cake we were presented with, in my opinion, was store-bought, and sliced as thinly as possible. For $10, you can buy an entire cake!!! Very disappointing... And on top of that, it was dry (with these thin slices being cut off from the cake, I wonder how long it has been since the cake was first purchased?). And if that is not enough, we were given spoons to eat this...why? I don't know...
Our waitress was very friendly and polite, and we were well taken care of. Everything we had, other than the Tree Cake was great. High quality and tasty, a bit on pricey side, but that comes with the quality. I wish if we made a different choice with the dessert. But then, you live and you learn. If you go there, avoid the tree cake!Just tried this new Japanese restaurant in Old City tonight. There we're seven of us. The service was warm and enthusiastic. Loved the ambiance, they played great music. Full bar with great selection of spirits. The food was absolutely delicious! Had an assortment of sushi and sashimi, steak, crudo, and other appetizers. Everything was quite delicious. This will definitely be our new go-to place in Philly for sushi!I loved the sushi and the drinks. The quality of the fish seems very good. I can't wait to come back again. What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!Food was amazing and service was great! Drinks arrived quickly and tasted so good. Also loved the atmosphere!This was a great dinner out with some outstanding dishes. A couple of things that did not wow me as noted below but overall I thought this place was top notch. Atmosphere was lovely and our service was mostly excellent.
Wok Kampachi Ceviche app: Delicious! Sweet, savory, umami yumminess.
Tuna tartare app: This was the only dish that I would not order again. The tuna was super fresh but it came too cold and bland. If you are hoping for something akin to the tuna tartare at Morimoto's, this is not it.
Lychee martini- The first one I had was very sweet without enough tang. The second one was better. I would order again. I would suggest that the bar get some fresh lychee to garnish the drink in the future. My first came with flower petals, my second came with a dried orange slice.
Rolls:
Sindy: Excellent! Favorite roll of the night. I had never had a roll without rice before and I'm a convert. Everything was fresh and presented just right. No weird temperature issues with the crispy eel. I'm coming back to this place because of this roll.
Dynamite White Tuna - Best spicy tuna I've had.
Dragon roll - this is a standard sushi offering. Getting it here will make you happy. Quality ingredients, perfect combo.
Peppered tuna - the most understated of the rolls we had. Kind of like a tuna salad flavor. I liked the daikon. You might want to start instead of end with this roll. It did not wow me after the others I had with the bold flavors.
Small issue- No soy sauce on our table so we had to grab one from a neighboring table.
We'll be back for the Sindy!Cool decor, kind staff, fresh sushi.  Some of the standout rolls where old city, peppered tuna and geisha roll (no rice). But overall all the sushi was fresh and tasty.  I like my sushi simple and not overly sauced.  This was on point. Also enjoyed the soba noodles and the tuna tartare.  They also had an excellent offering of teas. Overall, Great evening with friends over good food and drinks.Came in on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. The ambiance is nice and the staff was friendly. I wished I could say the food was as good at the service. I ordered the Chirashi and the Wok Kampachi ceviche. The kampachi ceviche was salty and was served warm. I was not expecting a ceviche dish that was listed under cold starter to be warm. Chirashi was meh. The wasabi paste had an unpleasant grainy texture and did not dissolve in the soy sauce very well.Great food, amazing service and beautiful interior. The music just seemed a bit or of place. Mid 2000's pop?The atmosphere/decor: 4 stars 
Service: 4 stars 
Our soy sauce pod was empty and we told one of the servers, he switch our pod with the empty table next to us lol...i don't know why he didn't refill it ‍ 
Food: 3 stars 
We ordered the sashimi sampler, japanese uni and toro (my fav) but was disappointed. The "freshness" was average. I don't know how they have a 4 star rating. We also ordered the scallop crudo as an app but they ran out of all the ingredients that went with it (i order that app because of the ingredients). They made it with completely different ingredients and the flavors did not go well together in my opinion. 
I don't think i would return for dinner or recommend anybody to come here if you're looking for good sush.Great interior design for 1-on-1 dates or for bigger parties. Its basically a sushi restaurant, but kind of a fusion too because of the other types of food they serve. They also have a bar and I would recommend their cocktails (Geisha). As a party of 3 and we basically ordered 3 appetizers and 3 rolls, and it was definitely filling. The rolls came on one tray for us so we ate it family-styled. However, I saw tables where people had their own plates of sushi as well. 
I thought the brussel sprouts were really good, it had an asian style to it, probably from the sesame oil/seeds. The tuna tatare was served over a crispy thin cracker, which balanced out the creamy avocado and tuna. The mai fried rice was decent, just fried rice.
For rolls, we ordered the peppered tuna, white tuna, and J&J. Though the specialty roll (J&J) was almost double the price of the regular roll, there was definitely more going on and it was a lot more filling. I'd recommend getting at least one specialty roll. Still, the normal rolls such as the peppered tuna was refreshing to eat.
I also noticed that they have pretty exclusive sushi such as uni, el toro, kobe, and live clams.Very nice environment, the setup is pretty intimate. They have a pretty decent selection of rolls to choose from and a solid drink menu. I'm glad it's around the corner!Tuna bar was fantastic! We went with friends and were impressed with every dish! The ambiance was really nice. Finally, a great sushi place in old city!Very disappointing to have to give this place 2 stars considering I live across the street and really wanted to like it here. We dined in on a Sunday around 6pm. The place wasn't very crowded and there seemed to be an abundance of servers, but we sat waiting at the table for about 15 minutes before the waitress even came to fill our water. We ordered right away and the food came out relatively quickly, but nothing really wowed me. We started with the fried brussel sprouts which were tasty but not as good as ones I've had elsewhere (I'm looking at you, Sampan). I had miso soup which was fine but served in a large bowl and filled not even a quarter of the way. Definitely not worth the $6. We shared the lobster fried rice which was okay- not an abundance of lobster and a consistency that made it very difficult to eat with chopsticks. Finally we got 3 sushi rolls (2 house rolls and a special roll). They were tasty but not spectacular and had a tendency to fall apart easily. I did appreciate the presentation of the rolls served on a large wooden platter. All together our bill was $70 (no drinks) which was definitely not worth it for what we received. Overall it was overpriced and nothing special. I will say the ambiance was nice however the music was a bit too loud. I probably will not be going back.I went here for NYE.  Beautiful space and I've been so excited to go to Ken's new establishment.  Tuna Bar is the highest quality sushi I have ever eaten in Philly.  The dishes were truly authentic, amazingly fresh and the service was excellent.  I can't say enough great things.  Good luck to them and I will be back many, many times.We ate at Tuna Bar on Saturday, June 16, 2018.
Nice location, cool atmosphere, and we had a great server.  The sushi was ok.  Not bad, but not great either.  The problem is the pricing.  Our main entre was the "Large" Sushi Sampler for $60, and a Geisha roll for about $15.  Let's just say we expected a LOT more sushi for that price.  There were literally 7 pieces of sushi and a very small tuna roll on that "Large" sampler.  Simply not worth it.First let me start by saying I AM STILL THINKING ABOUT THE FOOD!!!! I absolutely love sushi, but when you add an awesome location, fabulous and trendy decor, reasonable prices and outstanding service, you've got a GEM!!! Ok so my sister and i decided to have a sushi lunch date and I'd been hearing about this place and how amazing the ambience and sushi was, not to mention I follow this IG page and the pictorial post are always so mouth watering. Anyway, once we stepped into the restaurant I was immediately impressed and knew we were in for a treat, once we were seated and began glancing over the menu, my mouth began salivating immediately! OMG!!! The options are endless and my inner greedy girl wanted to order EVERYTHING off the menu! We however opted for the brussel sprouts, fried oysters and the tuna tartare as our appetizers, all were to die for delicious! We chose a few sushi roll options to split and as stuffed as i was that inner greedy girl savored every single bite, till it was all gone!!! I could really eat here EVERY day! The sushi is so fresh and good! I can honestly say, the best I've had! What an absolute GEM! This restaurant is good for any occasion (date night, girl's night, single girl night) it doesn't matter, you'll totally be blown away!Wow! What a cute stinkin' place!!! I love the modern decor here. Like so much. I've wanted to come here for a while and finally got the chance to. Came here on a Wednesday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all so the service was fast. When I saw they had shishito peppers, I knew I had to get that. I've had such an obsession lately. And if you've never had them, you're missing out! They were good. So simple but so good. We also got a basic California roll, spicy salmon, the wentz, and dragon roll. They were all so good. I must say the wentz was my favorite and you could tell everything was fresh! It did not disappoint! I would definitely come back here and try other things.A group of us went to Tuna Bar per a friend's recommendation. The Mai Fried Rice, Old City Roll, and the Bone In Strip Steak were all excellent. The group loved the sushi and thought it was the best they ever had! For drinks, I had the Saki and the Hana - both were very good. The price was reasonable as well. Definitely recommend trying Tuna Bar!I'll start by saying that I'm a bit of a sushi snob. I lived in California for a long time and the sushi there was on another level and I've really struggled to find a place in the Philadelphia area that can compare. We live about an hour outside of the city, but we heard about Tuna Bar and had to come check it out. I'm glad we did, this is the best sushi I've had in a very long time and I couldn't be more impressed. The owner, Ken, came to our table and introduced himself and made recommendations for what to try on the menu. We ended up ordering several appetizers and then a ton of sushi to share and it was fabulous. I'm usually just stick with sashimi and sushi, and skip the rolls, and I finally found a place with excellent fish that doesn't need to be drizzled in spicy mayo or eel sauce to taste good. I'll be a regular here now!I thought this place was A OK. It wasn't the best, and didn't leave any impression really. Be cool for a date night, it's pretty and what not, and I'm glad I tried it. Bout it.Best sushi in philly. Second time we went and both experiences were perfect.  Great cocktails and even better sushiThe perfect spot for: Date night, girls night, group night, whatever you want! 
I had been meaning to try Tuna Bar out since it opened up in the neighborhood, but I don't have a lot of friends that like sushi (shameful.... I know). My girlfriend and I decided to have girls night here and it was great! They have a nice selection of wines/cocktails and plenty of options for sushi. 
We ordered three rolls and shared between the two of us: the Wentz (special roll), the Fishtown (speciality roll), and a Spicy Salmon roll.  I think what I liked the most about this place was the plating. Everything is served on one long platter and perfectly set. We all know we 'eat with our eyes first' and this was definitely one of those nights. 
All three rolls were spectacular. Service was just ok, but honestly the food is great and it's a great addition to the neighborhood so I'll be back!Saw a review from Fox29 and had to give it a try! Love the atmosphere, trendy and vibrant! Quality of food is on point, service super friendly! Love the non rice options for rolls! If you are in the Old City area, must give this place a shot!Tuna bar has great sushi and a very creative mix of food on the menu. But it's drinks are WAY over priced and its service is lacking for the price point. I love their fresh sushi but I don't go there as often as I would like because of the service and prices. The drinks are $12-15 for very small portions and the sushi portions are very small too for their cost. Their outdoor seating is nice though! Overall, good place if you're looking to spend lots of money for little food in a cool atmosphere.Just wanted to take a moment to commend the staff of Tuna Bar for their professionalism and hospitality during an unfortunate power outage this evening. Despite the entire block and their whole building losing power (absolutely beyond their control), the owner and staff went above and beyond to ensure that we had a meal that was savory and special. We were beyond impressed with their service and dedication to their customers. Having been to this restaurant several times since it's opening, even with the power out, the food was fresh, flavorful and 100% satisfying. The tuna crudo and the rock shrimp are items we will continue to order as long as they serve them. The sashimi style fish was a delight to have served simply, as to properly enjoy the freshness of the ingredients. We will continue to come back again and again. Thank you to the owner and staff!!Great all around. Love the vibe, delicious sushi and apps, awesome atmosphere! We'll be going back.Everything was awesome. Comfortable, clean atmosphere and the food was outstanding. Definitely making another trip. Thanks Ken.Every roll is beautiful and done with artistry. Ambiance is inspired. On par with Suraya.They have the most creative sushi I've ever had. Start to finish, from the wine to dessert, everything was amazing. Wine list is solid, and the cocktails looked really interesting even though we stuck to wine. The dumplings and kobe spring rolls were insanely good. We got a lot of sushi, but the standout was by far the Old City roll. If that was the only sushi I could ever have again, I'd be a happy camper. The black sesame ice cream was also to die for!
Oh and shout out to the best waiter ever, Brion. If you're lucky, you'll get him as your waiter too!Tuna bar is always amazing. Sushi super fresh. We are obsessed with this place, great vibe and incredible service. Special thanks to Victoria and Ken you are guys are the best .Stopped in here tonight for an early dinner and was not disappointed. I started off with a Yuzu Sour, which was great. One of our guests doesn't drink and the bartender prepared her a delicious alcohol-free mixed drink upon request. All the food was outstanding, but the Brussels sprouts were the best thing I ate - the sauce was SO flavorful and just a little sweet. My only complaint is how the dining area is laid out. I'm no expert on this matter but as a party of 4 our only table choices were right in front of the entrance, or at a small round table oddly wedged in a corner. Wouldn't deter me from coming back, though. Service and food made up for it!What an experience! Talk about magical dinners! Yesterday was my first night at Tuna Bar and I can't wait to go back. 
We had made reservations in advance and were seated in what I think is the best table of the restaurant - a small table just for two by the window/glass doors. The weather was nice so they had their sliding doors open in which you could feel the breeze and the environment from the outside but also feel like you were part of the upscale dining environment in doors. From either end of the table you got views from the restaurant and from the outside which I thought was magnificent. 
The restaurant per say is beautiful, it has very chic. modern and elegant decor. They have leather booths and small tables and a nice design throughout the restaurant. The music is audible but not extremely loud that disrupts your conversation. 
The service was also very good and our waitress was very pleasant. 
As for the meal everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. We tried the shishito peppers which were perfectly seasoned and the fried Brussels sprouts which were also perfectly crunchy. For our main course we ordered both the Fishtown and Old City sushis and they were SO SO GOOD I'm still dreaming about them. The desserts were also good but not mind blowing (this was the only ok part of our meal). We tried both the Green Tea and the Tree Cake and they were traditional Japanese Sponge Cake which was very good but not exactly what we were expecting as our dessert. 
Our glasses of wine and proseco were also very good - I just wish they offered half bottles at a more convenient price. 
Bottom line is, If you are in old city and looking for a place to dine don't think about it twice.Tuna Bar is a great place to come for a date night with your boo, friends or gals. The ambience is reallly chill- dimly lit in some sections and decent lighting in others. The decor is relatively simple but very clean and modern. 
We had the tuna tartare & wagyu egg rolls to start. The tuna tartare was delicious- very refreshing & the flavors were amazing. The egg rolls were good- nothing too out of this world but still very tasty. 
We also ordered the Fishtown roll, salmon/avocado rolls & the peppered tuna roll. The Fishtown roll is just the right amount of spice to it. The avocado in the roll was creamy and delicious. I wasn't a fan of the peppered tuna roll but my boyfriend really liked it. 
A few rounds & a few rolls will cost you a few dollars, but definitely worth it for a night out with loved ones.
Will def be back!Great sushi and love the atmosphere. My favorite is the mirror on the ceiling by the sushi bar where you can watch them prepare your sushiAs a regular at the New Jersey Restaurant, Yokahama, we stopped to have dinner at the new restaurant here in Phila . Start to finish everything was excellent. Ken has done a great job with ambiance and excellent fresh meals. Service was great also. Parking was a bit of a challenge though.  Good luck Ken.Great food, great service, and pretty environment. This place has one of the best "rice" free sushi options I have had called The Geisha! It comes in rolled cucumber and is phenomenal. Also recommend getting the fried oysters...slightly embarrassed to say we ate her twice in one weekend - parking is almost non existent in old city and at this place so I would recommend taking a Lyft or walking.Ambiance: 5 stars
Food: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Price: 2 stars
I had the chance to try Tuna Bar for the first time with my husband and my cousin. We were all really impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant (even if we did get blasted with cold air every time someone new entered).
We started with the pork gyoza and fried oysters. When we asked our server how many oysters came in an order, she said 2 per order. We ordered two so that all of us could try an oyster. When the plates came out, there were three gigantic oysters on each of them. So, we really didn't need to order 2 at all. The oysters were OK, nothing special. They mostly tasted like breading. The gyoza were disappointing. They really didn't have much flavor and tasted basically like plain ol' pork sausage.
The actual sushi itself was really good, though. I got some salmon sushi, a yellowtail and chive roll with scallion oil, and a spicy tuna roll. I loved the sushi - it was so tender and melted in your mouth. I also can't say enough good things about the yellowtail/chive/scallion roll. It was...really unique and delicious. I would definitely order that again and advise that you try it for yourself!
Overall, I enjoyed my meal here. I thought their cocktail list left a lot to be desired and that the price for everything was too steep for what you actually got. While I won't be making any grand effort to return, I wasn't dissatisfied with my meal here.4.0 - 4.5 star Review. I compare all sushi restaurants to Philadelphia's best - Royal Sushi at 5 stars. Tuna Bar may be the cities second best option in terms of the variety of fish offered and quality.
Nice modern restaurant in Old City located on the main floor of a condo building. Service was excellent on both my visits. You can take your time and enjoy the meal, have a drink or two. Nice laid back atmosphere.
A few appetizers stood out for me - Wagyu beef spring roles, Seaweed salad, Sashimi salad and I loved the Grandmom's wonton soup.  
The Tuna Bar is at its best serving fresh sushi / sashimi.  I was with larger groups so got to try many of the house rolls which were mostly good but I was happiest ordering from the Sushi A La-Carte section of the menu. The fish was incredibly fresh and not the same boring pieces (i.e. Salman, Tuna, Ebi etc....) served at the 100+ sushi restaurants in Philadelphia.   
Loved the variety of fatty tuna options (Toro and Otoro but no Chutoro when I was there - different options available depending on the day), 1-2 Uni choices, Maguro, Kampachi, Striped Bass, Hamachi and Unagi.  
If you want above average sushi options / quality, give the Tuna Bar a try. Prices are above average but to be expected given the variety and quality. 
Recommended
BKStumbled in after a great first Friday in Old City, attracted by the decor and the strangely shaped building it's in! Pricier than most sushi places in center city but the interesting roll flavors were worth it. Truffle oil in the appetizer was a bit overwhelming but if you love truffle oil, shouldn't be a problem. 
We enjoyed sitting at the sushi counter! There are mirrors above to see all the sushi making action. Servers were attentive and lovely. Clientele were hip and expensive looking, we felt sorely underdressed in our first Friday art seeking garb. Probably would need a reservation too; it was a cold day and we just got lucky.