Only giving it two starts because I was served fast and because they brought David Correy in and my girl wanted to see him perform.
We'll probably never come back here. 
1. The website says nothing about reserved tables. The place only has 3 tables. And unless you don't get a table you wont have anywhere to sit. 0 chairs otherwise. 
2. We arrived at 9:45 and artist didn't perform til after 12. We got tuned up with drinks and it all faded in the standing up and waiting. You could see other people feeling the same, dancing in the first two hours and then just mellowed out sleepy for the remaining of the night haha.
3. Drinks were super light, pre-party with some shots like we did before coming here.
4. $10 cover charge.I came to U-Bahn for a friend's birthday on a Saturday around 11pm. U-Bahn fits very closely to the Time or Ladder 15 atmosphere. It was dark, lots of sweaty dancing, crowded, and loud. You'll need just the right amount of alcohol to tolerate it. There was a doorman in a suit and a red velvet rope outside the door, charging 5 bucks to enter. I think it is near criminal to charge cover when there's not a live band playing, I digress. I wouldn't necessarily say this is a good alternative to Bru or McGillin's, but if you're looking for a more club-like atmosphere U-Bahn would do the trick.Amazing atmosphere and bar tender was great. Had good knowledge of beers around the PA area. Taylor definitely made the experience enjoyable and would come back!!! Hee heeFIRST DAY OPEN! the bar was packed and service was great! the atmosphere was very energetic with the band playing - there are a few old school video games too!  excited to see if they do an open mic night!I think the best time to go is earlier, before the younger crowd gets in. It really is a nice place with good beer and good food. If you're into the crowdedness, then you k ow when to be here.Great ambiance, great concept, and great location. But the kinks have to be worked out. Ordered the same two drinks (two rounds) and got charged more the second time. Their draft cocktails aren't available yet but promoted in their kickoff and menu. Ultimately, a ton of potential but a ways to go. We'll certainly be back and I hope to make it a 5 star next time.Will be happy to update review once the bumps have been smoothed over. Similar to the other reviewer, my friend's second draft beer was absolutely not the same as his first pint. Apparently the bartenders don't know their beer selection...? It's weird this happened to at least one other person. I ordered a draft cocktail and was disappointed they weren't available. But the cocktail menu was featured on philly mag's website! Anyway, the atmosphere and ambiance will have me coming back. And maybe if they offer waitress service.Give it time to even out the rough spots, has lots of great potential.Horrible experience at this establishment last night. My friend ordered a round of beers from the lady bartender. She brought over a round of vodka redbulls (honest mistake no big deal). When my friend told her that the order was for beer, she got pissed and cheered the other bartenders and drank the vodka redbulls. Then all the bartenders refused to take an order from my friend and ignored him.  So I thought "no big deal, I'll order the beers".  By association I was then ignored by all the bartenders as well.  When I asked the lady bartender for the manager she had the bouncer kick me out. On my way out I spoke to the manager and told him exactly what happened. He didn't care at all and said "I'm going to have to stand behind my bartenders in this one". I told him that is horrible business and that I would never return to this place for that reason. Hope this place goes out of business for hiring rude and ignorant bartenders.Ummm, crowded..found a nice spot that wasn't crowded, for a while. Granted, this was a Saturday night, and packed is expected. Lots of beautiful people of both sexes. Mostly seemed like a college frat house. I did play checkers early on and enjoyed the quiet with new friends. It got crazy late, which I expected as the night went on.
Great beer on tap. Plenty for the beer aficionado. Would love to try this place on a normal night. Didn't eat, so no comments on food.Fun decor, didn't have problems with any of the staff but once we were downstairs we realized this is not my friends or my scene. I love a good couple of craft beers and dancing but the crowd was a bit too d-baggy (as in too immature, too sloppy and too cocky for us). To each their own.In town for Flower Show.  Had read about this place on Philly.com.  Place was packed.   Crowd definitely on younger side but atmosphere was fun!  Good beer list...loving the Merry Monks and the Insanity.  We didn't eat but the small plates coming out were tempting.  Would definitely stop back by here when in the city.Leah was amazing and so accommodating. Definitely recommend !! Great atmosphere and great music. If you're looking for a good time come hereWe stopped in for happy hour on a slushy day a few weeks ago and ran into a packed, muggy, odd crowd in this tight subterranean bar.  I like the space and the idea, but it seems a little mashed up with the arcade games on one side and club vibe on the other with an oddly placed side bar.
I thought the beer prices were about a dollar more than other similar bars and I was not thrilled with the bartenders pushy attitude and horrible pours (pet peeve when 3oz of beer is missing out of a pint glass...kind of negates the happy hour discount).  We were also looking to try some food, but there was none on the happy hour menu, and the prices appeared extremely high for the food we saw around us. 
There's a ton of competition in a three block radius that we like better, so U-bahn won't be on our rotation for now.Every time I've been at u-bahn it's been a good night! The DJ plays good music and it's fun to dance to. Drinks can be kinda weak depending on the bartender so sometimes it's just best to stick to beer. Overall: 10/10 definitely will do again.I was early and no bar seats were available, so I ordered a pretty stout and found a quiet corner to casually hover in while waiting for the rest of my group.
And then a couple decided to pack the PDA on right next to me. I moved. They followed me. They started dancing. The girl nonchalantly bumped into me and my Ground Control almost ended up on the ground. I moved again. They moved again. I cursed to myself and walked to the other end of the bar to grumble in peace.
Maybe I'd like this bar more if I enjoyed blatant inebriated dancing and displays of public stupidity like that, but I'm more about focusing on the actual beer list. Hence, the trip to drink hard-to-find stouts.
And that's what U-Bahn does well. Their beer list is pretty exceptional, just like Bru's upstairs. They just, unfortunately, can attract an unsavory crowd. If it was like that on a Sunday night, I don't want to know how it is late on a weekend night.
I'll go back for the beer, but brace myself for the atmosphere.I never review places, but this honestly needed to be publicly shared.
A couple of my friends went here last night, and the bouncer basically wouldn't allow one of our party in because he was Indian. Kid you not, the guy looked at his ID (he's 24), didn't even look at him, and said he was "too drunk and couldn't come in" AFTER taking half our party's cover. We asked for a refund, being that we didn't want to go in after such an obviously disrespectful display, and were refused. He also had the audacity to tell one of the women we were with that "had he stood up for himself, he may have been allowed inside." So essentially, we paid a cover, were treated with prejudice and never entered the place.
I would never in a million years suggest anyone go here after this experience.Drinks were good, but service was a bit slow, and seating was less than ample. Most importantly, Cheesy potatoes were not good.Good place to grab a quick drink and eat some bar food. The fries were amazing. Cool atmosphere.Just opened this weekend and so far, so good! I came during Friday happy hour so it was busy but once you were able to squeeze your way to the bar, it was pretty good service. There are very few tables which was kind of strange, left for a large open space between the bar and the seating area. Looks like there may be two bars, although the smaller one wasn't open while I was there. 
Decor is cool, I'm excited to check this place out again!This was a fun little find. Went to BRU but it was a little too BRO so decided to try U-Bahn. I'm not quite sure how the step situation works. I know they are connected, but there are separate entrances as well. Either way. They had a good D-Jay playing. When I was there though it was a little sparse so it seemed really , REALLY loud, but hey, I'm not complaining. They have a few arcade games there. Mortal Kombat, that was fun!!! I can't vouch for the food, but the beer selection was nice and the prices weren't murder. I cannot complain about the service either cause out bartender was a nice guy who made some good recommendations and fun chit chat. The décor was pretty sweet too. It's got like and Asian/Color Wheel thing going. I liked it.
The only reasons this places gets a 4 star are because: 
A. No barstools to sit down. This place probably doubles as a club so I'm not going to rant, I just really wanted somewhere to sit down though at that point in the night.
B. And this isn't a knock, but I can't really say what it gets like here during a rush because I wasn't there when it was crowded. I liked it, I had a good time, but I am also unsure of what kind of crowd it brings in and whether or not I specifically would mesh well with them. Not that it matters to me, I love dancing, good beer and Mortal Kombat, so I'm set to have a good time, but that doesn't mean I want to have people coming at me or being some way toward me because I differ from them.
C. The one woman bartender there used to work at Barcade. She's kind of Doe-eyed, few tats. Kinda blonde. Yeah I remember her being unnecessarily snide to me every time I was there, and she was the ONLY one who did that. Actually I remember her being a dick and having attitude with pretty much everyone she didn't personally know, like doing her job was somehow an inconvenience for her. I could be wrong and maybe she's cool, and hopefully that's the case, but I doubt it.  Its a nit pick, but I remember things like that and the people who were nice to me. Especially if I'm a regular. And that chick sucked. 
With that said, I could totally see myself being a regular here. It's somewhere in between my mentality of getting jazzed up and roaring the night away, and just relaxin with snob beers and video games. I can dig the harmony between the two!!!We slid into U Bohn tonight.  Our bartender Christine was awesome!  Bomb actually. Very personable and knowledgeable. She made one of the best beer places even better. Definitely will come back.Hot door guy. Nice selection of beer. Always have a great DJ! The best bartenders in the city! Perfect place to go dance with friends. Bottle service available and affordable. Can't wait for NYE black tie eventPROS: Tasty sandwiches, cool beer selection
CONS: High prices, small food portions
Overall, U-Bahn is a nice place to chill out with your buddies, if you are willing to spend. The food is solid, they have live performances from time to time, and it isn't terribly crowded.Really good if your lookin for a semi-belligerent night out to get yo dance on.. Music selection is great. Great drinks too and not unbearably crowdedI have gone to Ubahn three times, all of which occurred on a Friday or Saturday night. I've had very positive experiences at the upstairs bar, known as "BRU",  but have not felt similarly when downstairs in Ubahn. During all three visits around 10-12p.m. it was extremely crowded and unmanageable. The use of space appears to be poorly designed/managed and the night staff appears very bothered when serving drinks. The music wasn't that great any of the times I went and it's loud enough that it's very difficult to hold a conversation.
Getting drinks, let alone getting to the bathroom, were close to impossible. During my first visit I witnessed someone getting a margarita thrown in their face after being accidentally bumped. During my second visit my friend ordered us both drinks at about $12 in total and she quickly closed her tab. I did the same but wasn't allowed to close my tab because according to the bartender I "can't close under $20.00". Finally, at a third visit when I really regretted going, but only did so because the group I was with wanted to try it out, I paid $6 for a can of PBR.
Needless to say I will not be going again and advise my friends not to, as well. Stick to the plethora of other great venues around this area, even Bru.Good beer selection, especially a lot of PA craft cans- namely sly fox. But the place as a whole is very confused. It is so drastically different than BRÜ which is directly above it. t doesn't know what it wants to be. It's a German subway station/rave/disco theme with train tracks on the walls and what seems to be a depiction of the Berlin Wall. The DJs seemed out of place and the TV had old Laurel and Hardy black and white shorts from the 40s. There are also "bouncers" at the front door which give off a vibe that does not match what is going on in the bar below. Would not recommend.First time going there, locals said it was kind of intimidating? We did not have the experience. 2 guys who got in within 10 minutes of being in line. Larger door man with a beard was nice but also professional and thoroughly looked over our NE
id's. Each bartender was attentive, in particular the shorter brunette at the first corner. Guy with the beard and arm sleeve also was cool enough to let me past the security guy to use the bathroom after 2am. Bartender even served the Sambvca shots properly!Cool new underground bar. Reminded me of Berlin. Trendy and cool during the day, never been at night. Good beer selection.I came here for my first time on a Friday night and oh my god. SO PACKED. The second I walked in I was like waittttt... how was I allowed in and how is this place not at maximum capacity? It took me forever to inch my way to the bar and get a drink. The music is great but my idea of a great night doesn't consist of me being pushed around all night and having to weasel my way through everywhere! Yes, I understand it's trendy popular blah blah but I'm not in a club in AC/Vegas I don't need to come here on Friday night with friends and constantly being pushed and screaming over each other over everyone else screaming. I would recommend coming here if you're already browned out so you have no concept of the bumping and pushing. I would definitely recommend staff to stop letting people in at a certain point. I left after 15 minutes mostly because some giant DRUNK man almost fell on me... big tree fell hard.Decided to visit this olace after seeing it on FYI Philly a few weeks back. Very nice atmosphere, a little to dark for 4 pm but overall nice ( 5stars  in that department) Beer list is awesome ! I  found the  menu to be a little limited, ( being an individual that does not eat red meat or pork) however the cheese board I did decide to indulge in was absolutly delicious. I love the arcade, hate that the machines burned me for about a 1.00.  I will be back hopefully with friends.I have walked away from U-Bahn a couple of times due to the cover.  I know there is an allure because you can't see down into the bar, but it isn't really worth the cover.  The only reason that I ended up trying it was due to a bar crawl.  Though I dig the giant stamp that they use for your hand when you go in, it's silly big.
There were some good beers on tap, but I was drinking cheap whiskey that night.  I was able to be served quickly at the satellite bar, and the bartender was friendly enough.  The decor of the place is nice and the music wasn't bad either.  Over time, this place got packed to the gills, and it became time for us to move on.  
Overall, I'd definitely go back, as long as there is no cover.One of my favorite spots for a Saturday night in the city! U-Bahn is a small underground bar in an upbeat part of the city. 
There is always a line to get in on the weekends... but once you're in, it's always a good time. It is relatively small so it tends to get pretty crowded. For what it's worth, I've never found it to be unbearably crowded though. The DJs are always really good. They typically play top 100 music with plenty of throwbacks. 
One of the best parts about U-Bahn is its location. It's located in a central part of the city and is surrounded by plenty of other bars (Bru, Time, McGillins, Opa... just to name a few) and restaurants in walking distance. You can certainly bar hop and then grab a late night bite to eat at the end of the night.Trendy with mismatched elements. All together they tried really hard, but didn't come up with anything new. I checked it out with friends on a Thursday night. It seems as though U-Bahn was trying to take the good elements from a bunch of South Philly bars, then smack them all together with the same Edison bulb routine as every other center city scene, and add a pretentious vibe. U-Bahn features: a couple of video arcade games, train tracks across the wall, roped off VIP booths, space for a live band, loud music when there isn't a band, artisanal pickled vegetables, and local beers priced $2-4 more than everywhere else. The pickled pho carrots were tasty, but how does that match an underground German bar? Our sandwiches were ok, a little dry, but not up to Philly bar food standards. (I get curry catsup with fantastic chicken fingers a dive bars, so your $8 sandwich better be great).Great use of space, not too crowded.  The main bar seems long enough to serve the crowd, plus theres a small walk-up sidebar when things do get too crowded.
The shared staircase to Bru upstairs was nice, but for some reason we were required to go back outside to the street snd in Bru's main door?Hi yes I'm currently in line and it's so effing cold lol!!!!!! Like literally so cold I'm freezing but it's ok I'm with good company so three starts!! Three out of five!!! My friend wants to hear Turkish music so yeah I don't think were gonna hear it but like it's whatever.Hands down the worst bar in Philadelphia. I have been living in this city for 7+ years now and have been to this place over a dozen times and have never seen somewhere that treats customers as poorly as they do. They're on their high horse and think they can be extremely rude to customers and then throw good people out of the bar for no reason at all and have their bouncers/bartenders curse you off and say inappropriate things that no establishment under any circumstance should EVER say to any paying customer (or just anyone in general - honestly). It's just simply not okay. If they want people to come here and pay money, they really need to clean up their act. This place is also always packed beyond capacity, charges cover on Friday and Saturday night for no reason and the food is just straight up awful. I don't see any reason to ever go here again. Just a pro-tip... don't go here.Terrible security staff, shady business practices, and pathetic food. Served us undercooked wings, stale pretzels, and chips from a bag when promised an all you can eat buffet. Wouldn't recommend going anywhere near this place or any of their related bars.If I could give the U-Bahn less than a 1 star I would, first of all they will seize your card in an effort to collect more tips which is not necessary for platinum card members of the United States military. After leaving the American Express platinum card in the bar they refused to give it back unless I gave them a $40 tip. After giving them such an absurd amount they expressed their distaste towards the military and said we should have not left our cards and that the family that owns the bar does not agree with what the military does and is openly socialist. Afterwards they threatened us with violence and said they would have their bouncers coerce us with physical persuasion and that as an American Express Platinum card member I was obligated to give them a $40 tip. This is offensive and crude towards members of the military that have served in multiple forward deployments. The family that owns the bars on that street openly expressed that they despised the United States government and will treat every member of the military and government employees with that type of resentment. My number is 713-205-5098 feel free to call.The drinks are a bit pricey for how strong they are, but the food is quite good. This place is usually completely empty before 11pm, when it starts to fill up for dancing. I always find that it's way too cold in there and I'm shivering. Last time we were there, the power went out, and we were asked to wait around while they waited for an answer from management about what to do. Then, the answer came, and security and the bartenders started aggressively ushering everyone out and yelling at people that they had to leave. They took a picture of my card to process later, and I wasn't very comfortable with that. It was a hasty solution to a weird situation, and it left us feeling under-valued as customers.I have to short them a star simply for the fact that they are new and need to finish working out kinks. Like they need more seating and maybe some tables for people to eat since hear say is that the food is actually good. Overall if you looking for a good deal for a group/party and want to try somewhere new check them out.Horrible service from the bouncers who were extremely rude and disrespectful to women, wish I could've given 0 starsBouncers are extremely rude. A friend and I went and were enjoying time together. All of a sudden, both of us were grabbed extremely inappropriately by staff members and were forced our of the bar for no reason. This was so inappropriate. Both of us as females asked for explanation. Instead we were grabbed inappropriately and pushed out if the bar. To date, neither of us have any idea what has happened considering we paid and tipped all drinks. This is disgusting behavior that cannot be excused.I'd put 0 stars if I could. Like many other people that have visited here, the 60 year old bouncer in a top hat told us we were too drunk to come in and "wouldn't make it down the stairs" when none of us were even close to drunk at this point and he couldn't point to any reason how he was rationalizing this. We argued with him for about 5 minutes until he told us to just go into bru instead. Horrible customer service, won't be back.The worst bouncer experience I have ever encountered at a bar. They really need to learn how to read out of state IDs! I'm 23 years old and I have a South Carolina license because that's where I currently live. The bouncer was fighting with me saying I was dumb for not updating it (if this guy knew what he was talking about he'd know it was new!!!! I got it in 2017 when I moved there and it doesn't expire until 2027) I showed him my old NJ license (which is expired because I was 17) it shows the same birthday name height and everything. He let my friends go in and made me stand there embarrassed while he insisted that it didn't make sense that I was from there and that I had an old nj one (because I guess his small brain can't comprehend that people can move) It was my best friends birthday so I was visiting. After about 10 minutes of standing there asking for my license back or asking him to call the cops if he thought it was fake he finally let me in this insanely crowded bar. We were standing near the back and they made myself and 30 other of my friends squeeze into the middle of the bar with probably 100 other people because they section off almost half the place for VIP. We all agreed we will never be returning.Had a terrible experience here. The bouncer was very rude and arrogant. I left very upset, and I will never return! Do not recommend!!!Stopped here on my annual family pub crawl this past Saturday.. was not too crowded, beer was great and the bartenders were friendly.. we would have stayed longer, however, they have this machine that spews out the worst fragrance.. it literally was making us nauseous.. the bartender turned it so it was not facing us, but we could still smell it.. so we moved on....UNSAFE, DANGEROUS BAR THAT HARBORS KNOWN CRIMINALS. This is a north philly bar masquerading as a center city club. A patron threw a drink in my face and bouncers kicked myself and my friends out of the club. The patron threatened me with a .38 as we were leaving while the bouncers choked my friend and punched him in the face. It was utter mayhem. We told the bouncers we were afraid for our lives and they defended the patron in spite of knowing he had a loaded gun in a club. Please avoid this place at all costs if you value your life. I know my way around a firearm and I was terrified.U-Bahn is an interesting place conceptually, especially for a Saturday night. I never pictured myself dancing and sipping on a kinda rare-to-Philly craft beer. 
So here's what I liked about my recent Saturday night visit:
-The beer list consisted of local and fairly unique beers. If you check Philly Tapfinder, a lot of the stuff is at zero to few other bars in town. Other Yelpers noted that the beer was on the expensive side, however I found it to be on par with other bars serving craft brews.
-The music was great for dancing. The DJ was on his game and played songs that kept the crowd dancing.
-The bartender I ordered from seemed more like a craft beer bar bartender versus a club bartender. What do I mean? He was patient as I ordered for my group in a loud atmosphere. Then when my original selection kicked, he still gave me the small amount that came out so I could still sample it.
And for the dislikes:
-The cover! I hate paying cover, especially in Philly. It's just silly. Especially at a place with such a good beer list.
-The people working the cover table were super rude. As we walked in they called one member of my group "trouble" and said they were watching, after he did absolutely nothing to instigate trouble, let alone even blink funny. They also assumed the male would be paying and said a bunch of chauvinistic stuff about him not paying. How about you don't pre-judge and patronize your customers?
So I was originally leaning towards a 3-star review because I did enjoy myself once downstairs. However while the good stuff was enjoyable, it can be found elsewhere. I don't need the craft beer and dancing combo to have a fulfilled life. First impressions stick, so they should've tried to make a good one.awesome beer selection and cool environment. the bathrooms are cool as well ! service from the bar was soso on a dead night but we were distracted with the arcade gamesWent on a Thursday.
Absolutely horrible. Will never ever ever return!!!
The manager is terrible and so rude. I hate this place and i would never recommend it to anyone. Not even my worst enemy. Because of how horrible it is.
I was so disappointed and insulted that i left this place crying.
Please do not support this business. Let it go bankrupt!!!!There is really not too much to recommend this bar, and several irritating problems. The drink list is nothing exceptional, and the decor is contrived at best. The more serious problem is the customer experience. At around 9:30pm they come and take all the tables, including those being used by customers. Now, this would be fine if it were crowded or rowdy, but on a quiet evening, this is just rude. They reserve empty areas and close them off from general use repeatedly asking customers to move around for no reason. 
I won't be returning, and I recommend you pick any other place to spend your time and money.Came here unplanned on a Friday night after lent (I was able to finally drink)!  The Brewdog beers were featured on the night which was a special event.  The beers were good, the atmosphere was open and dimly lit.  
For a Friday night it wasn't crowded as I would have expected it to be but all in all it was a chill atmosphere.  Once we entered we headed downstairs where all the action was.  We arrived as a group of 5 and were able to enjoy our time, drink, listen to music, and have conversations.  We hung out for about an hour before heading to the next destination.
The best part of the night was the free stuff, Brewdog hats, koozies, and food!  I still wear my hat at least once a week.
Wouldn't mind swinging by for a drink or two again in the future before going somewhere else.Awful, this place is a joke. They try to make a fake buzz by maintaining a line the entire night when it really isn't that crowded inside. The bouncers at the door have no idea what they are doing. 
Got into line at 11:30pm, roughly 20 people ahead of us. 12:20am (50 minutes later) there was still 11 people ahead of us. During that 50 minute span roughly 25-30 people in the super sweet cool kid line entered aka the wanna be "guest list" line. 
There's a reason they have a 3 star (at best) average review on yelp. I wish i could rate with a 0 star.It is a nice location and a really young audience. I went to this place on a Saturday night around 9:30 pm. It was almost empty but within 30 minutes it was so crowded. In my opinion is 6 Dollar for a can of beer in a usual bar too much.
During my stay a DJ played good music. Based on the location it looks that they have also often live bands.
Probably I would go back again but my concern is the price for drinks.WORST bar ever wouldn't let friends and i in, because they proclaimed people were too drunk when this was the first bar we went to after dinner. sad bar, bar across the street looked more fun. multiple people in line agreedONE OF THE WORST BARS IN PHILLY FOR SURE. Music was not good, bouncers/security were overbearing and rough like everyone else has said here, bartenders were nice but drinks are way more overpriced than even the other overpriced places around.I hosted a private event here a few weeks ago. The venue was perfect for our needs but the staff was even better! They were very easy to coordinate​ with and were able to provide me with everything we needed to have a successful evening! The staff during the event was fantastic and everyone had a great time. 
I will for sure be using U-Bahn and its related locations to host all my events moving forward! 
Great job guys!I am thoroughly disgusted at the professionalism and behavior of this establishment. I had a nice night at the speakeasy below until we came out to leave. I was walking out of the bar and I witnessed the bouncers assaulting a woman. Granted she was dunk and being obnoxious but no reason to put your hands on a woman, especially when you are twice her size. He legitimately threw her down to the ground and hit her in the face. So incredibly unacceptable. I refuse to come back to such an establishment where assaulting women is tolerated. There is a way to handle obnoxious drunk customers and this was not the way. They should be ashamed of themselves.Stay FAR away from this bar -- so many better options in Philly.
The other night, my girlfriend accidentally left her phone at U-Bahn and upon checking "Find my iPhone", we confirmed that it was inside the bar. The next day, she called and the employee on the phone was rude and snarky, and insisted that no phone was left in the bar. My girlfriend then proceeded to ask if she could come look for it herself. Upon arriving, the employee continued to insist that the phone was not inside. The employee refused to let her look for her phone herself (despite knowing for a fact it was inside). 
Following this, my girlfriend asked to speak to a manager, and suddenly the employee appeared with her phone (that she SWORE wasn't left there). 
From reading other reviews of U-Bahn, it is clear that this establishment cares neither about its customers or hiring quality employees.More like Ewww bahn. Bouncer said i was flagged bc of the odd chance i might steal his girl from him. Uhhh newsflash bro... if you r wearing gloves in 70 degree weather you got zero chance of keepin your girl. Especially around the kid. Aside from that experience i visited this place a few times and had no fun. Mark my words.... PLACE STINKS!!!!!!!!If Bahn is German for way, U must be German for wrong. I was truly disappointed in their lack of Turkish music. I entered with high hopes and left with sticky shoes and the realization that I would never survive as a sardine. It gets really packed in there.
So if you don't want to hear Turkish music and you like getting really close to people you don't know, this may be the place for you!Went on thanksgiving eve - not as crowded as I thought it'd be but still pretty pack. Beers are
Mostly $6 and a lot of craft beers and cool options. Bartenders are all very friendly. 
Great DJ!! Loses a star because the fucking stamp you get does not come off for days no matter how hard you scrubThis bar is expensive as shit and crowded as hell. I feel like every time I come here weird ass, crazy shit happens. It's like a bad omen.The bouncer was so unprofessional. I've never been more disgusted by any establishment. I witnessed the bouncer scream in a girls face and call her a "cunt" for no apparent reason. everyone including me was upset about the way he was treating a random girl. Never returning. Shut this place down.I'm not usually among the first to check new places out, but we were celebrating a friend's birthday on Friday night and decided to stop by.  I was surprised we were carded and stamped at the front door, because its not the vibe I usually get at Bru.
We went downstairs and were greeted by warm, muggy air.  It could have been the rain, but the place felt kind of gross and soggy - big reason I'm not a huge fan of underground spaces. It was also packed, and was difficult to find a place to stand where we were being constantly knocked into my other people. 
The beers on tap are all local, which is cool, but there's no descriptions of any of them which can make it hard to pick one if you're unfamiliar.  The TV screens above the bar play German train scenes, which I thought was kind of quirky and cool.  The bathrooms were clean, even though it was getting pretty late. 
The crowd was mid-20s and seemed cool, but I'm not sure I'd be back on a weekend night.Stay away unless you condone being abused and having your friends abused by barbaric senseless bouncers. Multiple terrible power monger bouncers attacked my girl friend. Pushed her, injured her ribs, bruised and sprained her finger and hand over nothing. Big ape men. This girl is a beautiful and calm sweetie. Manager in Charge reviewed videos and agreed that bouncers were out of hand. So - now what? Nothing. It will continue. Read reviews. They are barbaric and horribly abusive to women and minorities. I can't believe this place has not been shut down. Stay away. Don't support this place or treatment of people!!Could be one of the best bars in Philly -- debatably better than morgan's pier + concourse (congratulations lmao) however the bouncers are fucking ridiculous. The last 3 weekends I've been to the bar, the bouncers are shining lights in my eyes like we're at fucking 1OAK. It's Philadelphia, and we are in a fucking basement for christ sake. Bartender's are quick, and quite frankly the best part about the bar. Music is good -- but once again, bouncers need to pipe down, they ruin the entire experience. Been here 3+ times and likely will not return due to bouncer's attitude.The staff is ignorant, rude and nasty. They will kick you out for no reason at all. Hurt my friend (stepped on her leg and proceeded to kick her out for no reason). The "security" proceeded to stand outside the bar and mock all who were kicked out. The place is unprofessional, disrespectful and ignorant. A shame because the music is good and the drinks are decent but once the end of the night hits (around 2 am) expect to be kicked out for no reason at all. The staff was physical and disrespectful.Please, if you are a wom*n, a person of col*r or a tr*ns/qu**r individual, DO NOT come here. My friends and I went out for drinks and dancing. We were continuously shoved/received unwanted physical touch from security throughout the night.  At one point in the night, I yelled at security to stop touching me that they'd been pushing us the whole night, to which a bottle girl responded that she could get me kicked out. The events that followed were two security guards attempting to drag me backward in heels up the stairs and out of the bar while I was screaming to let me go. A friend tried to grab me and was violently slammed to the ground and dragged up the stairs by two security guards. A total of at least four security guards were involved in the incident. We are both 5'2, around 135 lbs. They had to seek medical attention for MULTIPLE injuries. Since this incident, the establishment has reached out to us, accusing us of lying, and insinuated we were the attackers. Conveniently, after we've spoken publicly about the events, our friend's review on yelp has been removed for not focusing on "the reviewer's firsthand experiences as a customer of the business," such as "complaints about the business's practices or politics." This business needs to be held accountable!!! ZERO STARSDO NOT COME HERE. After they were having issues on their end with closing out my overpriced tab, two bouncers surrounded me and literally dragged me out for no reason at all. From what I'm reading on here it seems like security/bouncers or whatever you want to call them are an issue here. I can't emphasize enough, GO ELSEWHERE! I would give zero stars if I could.never coming here again. i was there with friends and they were harassed by security. based on previous yelp reviews it seems like this has been a pattern at this club for years. wouldnt recommend going esp womenCame here last night as a change of pace from my usual location. Worst mistake of my life. My "mixed" drink tasted like straight tequila and my friend's red bull vodka was only red bull. On the bright side the straight tequila helped me to ignore the heinous music the DJ was blaring. He seemed violently disconnected from good music and on the off chance a decent song did play he made sure to switch it after about 10secs. Speaking of violence, the bouncers were absolutely insane. A friend of mine was fully picked up and then dragged and thrown around the whole way up the stairs by three bouncers. He is badly injured after the incident, physically and emotionally. Zero respect, bad music, and worse staff.WOMEN BEWARE! There is a clear pattern of the bouncers being physical and inappropriate and aggressive towards women. I experienced the same. A bouncer pushed my friend and spilled a drink all over her, then proceeded to kick us all out of the bar for no reason,  immediately becoming physical and grabbing and pushing and making inappropriate comments.Pretty solid bar near Center City in Philly. Nothing special from an optic or theme perspective. But the drink prices were manageable and had a decent crowd.FEMALES BEWARE - SEXUAL HARASSMENT. I witnessed a male bouncer come into the women's room look over the stahl at my sister with her pants down while using the bathroom. When we expressed that this wasn't okay he proceeded to violently PUSH two 100lb. women into the walls and out the building even through we were being fully compliant when asked to leave. If you are a women you have reason to fear for your safety here. I hope they dismiss this bouncer and train the staff appropriately so this doesn't happen to any other women.I truly do not appreciate these security guys who work there. They are rude and racists. I will never go back there! Super bad experience!Warning. This place does NOT require vaccination cards upon arrival. It's an absolute cesspool.