I'd give 4 stars on the basis of the quality of the entrees, but the loud, cramped atmosphere, sometimes poor service, and poor side dishes dock this one for me to the point that I just don't enjoy eating here that much.
This is a new mostly-Korean restaurant that has replaced Mexicali.  I was so sad when Mexicali closed; it was one of my favorite restaurants in West Philly and I ate there regularly, and there's nothing really to replace it (Honest Tom's, to me, while good, seems a completely different genre of Mexican food).
I'm glad a restaurant opened up here, but I don't feel like it provides as much to the foodscape of the neighborhood, as there are already a lot of good Korean places around, and I eat Korean enough that I'm starting to get a bit sick of it.
At any rate, entrees run around $9, and I'd say they're cheap because the portions are HUGE and the quality is good.  I've eaten here several times, and tried the bibimbap, denjang jigae; yuk gae jang, soondooboo, and some other dishes.
My one disappointment is the side dishes--they only bring out two side dishes: kimchi and pickled radish, sometimes they've only brought out kimchi.  Even the food court in North Philly (which is considerably cheaper than this, and has food just as good) always brings out at least three side dishes, and most sit-down restaurants in a similar price range will bring out 6 side dishes for a party of 2 and often as many as 8 for a party of 4.
This place is also very low on space and tends to be very crowded.  We tried coming here once before, relatively early on a weekday, and there was no space.  When you get a seat here, it's full of hard surfaces and gets VERY noisy.  I think they'd do well to hang a few tapestries or do something to put a damper on the noise.  I found the noise level really detracted from my enjoyment of the place.  It's so cramped that the noise makes it seem chaotic and grating how many people are packed in here.
Also, service can be a bit spotty.  Once they forgot the side dishes.  Often, they seem to be a bit overwhelmed.
Mexicali that used to be here, which I thought was an excellent restaurant, was often empty, and now this place opens up and is instantly packed.  Why is there so much more demand for this type of restaurant?  I personally feel greater demand for the old restaurant...good Korean places in the city are a dime a dozen and frankly this one isn't the best one I've tried, so I don't really feel like it's adding much to the neighborhood.I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant! It was fast service, decently priced and delicious fresh food. This was my first time trying Korean food but I think they did an awesome job!I'm from LA so I'm used to some pretty good Korean food, and I have to say that U-town comes closest to satisfying my Korean food cravings when I'm at school. 
I've had their kimchi jjigae, bibim bap and, jjajangmyeon and pajeon which were all flavorful Korean staples that I crave.
I definitely agree, that their portions are small, definitely considering how much they charge for it (most dishes are in the $10-13 range), and that service isn't particularly friendly. I probably wouldn't give it super high marks if it weren't in Philly, but hey it's probably the best we got.Well, among the crappy food places in University City, this is my go-to place if I'm craving Korean. You have to go all the way to North Philly to find better Korean food.
I always get the Yuk-gae-jang here. It's pretty solid. 
The Jap-Chae sucks. Too dry and has a weird taste that's difficult to explain. 
Does the place use MSG? Duh! It's a Korean place, what do you expect?Tasty and healthy food; fast and attentive service. Not fancy or pretentious. I appreciated the ample portion size and complimentary pre-meal snack. I will be back often!I decided to try out a new Korean restaurant. The Bulgogi Bibim Bap was delicious! This is the perfect place for more traditional Korean cuisine. The restaurant was clean and the takeout didn't take too long. I just wish they delivered.For the record, this is WAY better than Koreana on 36th Street. The food taste more authentic, and their Kimchi is spicier (and not taste like candy).
However, I would never spend more than $10 on Bibimbap. It is an insult that Korean food cost as much as triple from buying it from Seoul. Of course, the pizza in Korea cost like $50 in South Korea, so I understand inflation among "exotic" cuisine.
This is the best Korean food University City has to offer. Take it like a (wo)man.Number 38 is my fav. I guess I could totally cook that by myself with a little help from Shinbowl tho.It's nice having another Korean option in UC, but neither is great...convenient location, but the food is just okay.1. Bussssyyyyyy
2. Tight space
3. Saucy
Consumed:
Spicy Fried squid dish $10.50
Bulgogi $13.50
I really enjoyed the squid dish. The squid was the perfect texture and flavorful with the sauce. 
The bulgigi was a little dry, but still decent.
Give Utown a try!U-Town is a welcome addition to Korean options around Penn's campus (Koreana, Tyson Bee's, KoJa), bringing an extensive menu, competitive prices, and some really tasty noms. Soondubu is one of my favorite Korean dishes. This flavorful soup is chock full of the meat of your preference (U-Town offers beef, pork, chicken, seafood, and veg options), silken tofu, and veggies. U-Town goes provides you a fresh egg to crack over the top (it will cook in the broth), which is one of my favorite parts and not something I have seen all Korean restaurants do for this dish (maybe they think it will weird newbs out?). Servings are plentiful and hearty, and all tables are provided kimchi and pickled radish free of charge.
The dining area is small but nicely decorated, and the staff courteous and always willing to give you recommendations. Extra important, and I can't emphasize this enough, food will actually be spicy if you ask for it to be! Docking one star as service can be slow. You may need to work a little get your water refilled, extra napkins, etc, but you'll probably be too distracted by your food to care. Definitely a worthwhile stop if you are in the area!I have been to Koreana for 3month before opening thos U-town. Now?! Never have I gone to Koreana. The food of Koreana has a lot of synthetic sweetner which is one kind of chemical compound. However the food of U-town is real food. They never cook before I order unlike Koreana. It probably needs more time to wait. Yet, it is worthy. 
I usually go there to eat lunch with my classmates which are from Japan, China, Spain and Usa. I have never disappointed here's food and service.
My favorite food in nonspicy is Galbi tang(beef soup and rice) and oviously Bulgogi bibimbab. 
I also like spicy food here like Dduck bboggi or Jol myun.
My Vegiterian frind usually eat Vegitable bibimbam or soontofu jji gae. I couldn't expain all of them like Awesome Soo ywook (pork meat and vegitable-you should ask them how to eat . It has special way to eat deliciously) and Padak(scallion with Chicken).
I assure you will have good food here and good experience about Korean food.The lowest quality Korean food I've ever had. I get shuffled here because most my friends are from Korea, and they come here because it is so close to school. If I had a choice, I would NEVER come here again. 
I've been here on multiple occasions (unfortunately), and try to order only the popular dishes. Unfortunately even those dishes seem to be served with really old/low quality ingredients. They have such a large menu so can you imagine choosing one of the unpopular dishes? You'd probably get a dish made of ingredients that are months old. Disgusting. 
I come from a city where there are 5 Korean restaurants on every block and a LOT of competition amongst the restaurants. U-town would have gone out of business within a month. The only reason it survives is the lack of competition. I feel like I'm throwing away money whenever I dine here.I really wanted to like U-town, but I think the food was okay. The soon dubu here wasn't much different from the same dish at Koreana. Both a bit watery, but here the tofu actually comes in one or two large blocks instead of tofu that's falling apart. What I do like about U-Town, though, is that they offer patbingsoo, which is decent.Had naengmyun and jjajangmyun here. The jjajangmyun is definitely more authentic than at Koreana. Food is okay, would suffice for a Korean meal craving but otherwise Utown is nothing too spectacular. Price is same or a tad pricier than Koreana. You should try at least once and see how it goes with Koreana which is not too significantly better in terms of authenticity. After all, it's in University City- you can't complain much.Reasonable price. I love their korean desert!!! The bibimbap is really good as well. Fast services!This place was really good, we ordered the chicken dumplings and beef tacos., it came out very quickly.  I gave it 3 stars because the water they have for their customers is just a plastic bottle with tap water. I felt the water had a strange taste and was pretty warm. Also, the tacos were advertised as not spicy i found that the sauce was very spicy. The tacos were still delicious but it would have been better to get the sauce that i expected. I will still recommend and will return myself.Always have a great experience at UTown. It's a tiny shop so expect seating to be somewhat sparse especially at busy hours. It has the feel of a hole in the wall shop because they reuse and only have takeout menus, and you pour your own water. The food is not amazing, but compared to Koreana it's much better. Everything comes piping hot and the quantities of food is pretty large.Absolutely horrible service. Came here twice with friends and had an upset stomach both times on top of rude horrendous service. Do not recommend. Support other restaurants but not this one. Not coming back!This place is not a bad alternative to Koreana. It's slightly closer to campus (and by campus, I mean the Huntsman building at UPenn), so it's a slightly more convenient lunch spot.
I tried their budae jigae (hotpot with ramen and lots of other goodies), and while it was satisfying, I still like Koreana's version better.
My friends got a clear beef broth with daikon. It was tasty, and they absolutely loved it. That's probably what you need to order. I've also heard that the KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) here is pretty good!It's not bad.  Some of the items are even pretty good.  Still not amazing and a little bit more expensive than it should be.  Has a great variety of Korean food though.U-Town is marginally better than Koreana, but not by much. I've ordered the YukGalTang, which has a decent amount of tender meat but definitely missing a LOT of flavor, and the ddukbokki (not great). It's also a little pricier than Koreana and definitely a nicer establishment if you intend on dining in, but neither are really any good if you're looking for an authentic korean cuisine experience. I'd recommend checking out the food court at the Hmart in upper darby instead!This place serves okay food. The problem, however, is that the portions are small and the prices are too high. Another reviewer mentioned that she desperately wants a Korean restaurant in U-City. A shitty restaurant is a shitty restaurant.Good food and reasonable price!
The only thing I was unsatisfied is that there were too many people and it was noisy and crowded.
But every thing is fine except this.Not the best Korean food in the city but it's nice to have around campus. The place is small and family owned, with a menu that hits the basics: bibimbap, many soups, toppoki/rice cakes, etc. as well as stuff like Korean fried chicken and tacos. 
The only bonchon/side dishes are kimchi and pickled yellow radish, which I personally think is fine but know some might find it lacking. I've been here a few times and I've gotten bibimbap, soondoobu (spicy tofu soup), and jajangmyeon (noodles in black bean sauce). Everything tasted alright, nothing out-of-this-world but good enough if you're craving Korean food. Service is usually prompt, prices and portion sizes are fair, I would have no problem coming back.It's decent for Korean food on campus, but not amazing.
I've ordered their bim bam bop and tried other foods there too, but bim bam bop is still my favorite.I'm new to Korean food, but I decided to try U-Town because it was packed on a Thursday afternoon with a lot of Koreans. I tried the dak galbi (chicken) stone pot and the chicken dumplings and they were both very good! Definitely going back to try everything on the menu.The restaurant is getting more popular these days.
During dinner time, you may wait about 30 mins to be able to get your meal.
Best call for take out or call before you come.
 Come after 8pm would be better.I only ate there once. I ordered soondubu, jeyook dolsot, and Korean chicken wings. The jeyook dolsot was great. The soondubu was a little bit too bland for my taste; also, my soondubu had a lot of soup and less meat. The wings were a big disappointment, I was looking forward it because the wings don't taste like Korean wings that I usually get from Bonchon, soho, and Koreana. The wings at this place are also not every crunchy and they are also kind of small. The price here is pretty cheap. I may come back there againConsidering the lack of Korean options on Penn's campus, I would consider this a win for Korean food. It's always packed during the day, filled with both Koreans and Chinese people. The taste is far superior to Koreana's, and I think they use less MSG. 
Pretty good, convenient option if you are craving KoreanI'm always looking for a good Korean restaurant in the area because it's a rare gem to find. I heard this place is better than Koreana but that it's still just okay. After coming here with a friend, I agree with the rumors I've heard. It's just OKAY Korean food. I think it's a little expensive to be honest for the quality of the food but if I was a student in the area craving for Korean food, I could see myself coming here often. I got a typical traditional dish, kimchi jjigae. Not the best I've had but not bad either. It's medium spicy, wish it had more meat in it for the $9.99 price. I could see a lot of college students getting their Korean fixin here.+ Service is super chill! I love the waiters, on the slick side and remind me of upper-class restaurants somehow but look and act just like normal college kids 
+ Unsure what it is about the atmosphere, but I always feel at home and have great, comfy dinners here
+ SOONDUBU & purple rice always makes me feel happily plump but not awful about myself, and full of energy!I love this restaurant, it has a cute ambiance and the staff are so nice. I always order the soondubu and very much enjoy the pickle and kimchi they give to start. While the food is not the best I've ever had, it leaves me feeling satisfied and happy.Definitely mediocre. It's a knock-off version of Koreana in a nicer location (aka not right above a strip club in a sketchy parking lot with uber slippery stairs that every person struggles with). This being said, the place is always packed when I want to grab food!
FOOD: 3/5
Personally, I'm a bit sad that the bi bim bap isn't served in a stone bowl. I honestly don't even know if that's required of bi bim bap, but as a clueless non-Korean, that's what I expect! The ja jang myun was also somewhat disappointing, but I credit my parents for making the most delicious ja jang myun, so my expectations, again, may be too high. 
SERVICE: 1/5
Flat out disappointing. One time, my food took 30 minutes to come. Water jug was constantly ignored and left empty. The waiters and cashiers seemed to be completely clueless and gossiping away without attending the restaurant visitors. 
AMBIANCE:3/5
Typical, college student filled small shop. Seats are limited, so come with a back up plan. In fact, I'll gladly recommend Pattaya or New Delhi/Sitar over this place.Came here on several occasions to get my spicy fix.
The Good: Portions are large, so unless you're a starving grizzly bear, chances are you'll leave satisfied. Free kimchi and pickled radishes, which are good for whetting the appetite. Service is fast and friendly. Unlike Koreana, you get the feeling that you're dining in an actual restaurant instead of a grimy hole in the wall.
The Bad: Sadly, the same can't be said for U-Town's food. Their bibimbap, ramen, rice noodles in spicy sauce, and Korean-fried wings are all acceptable, but no better than Koreana. Given U-Town's popularity, I expect better.This is my favorite Korean BBQ place in Philly! The fried dumplings are awesome and all of their dishes have never let me down. I like them for their consistency.My friends rave about this place, and it is conveniently located for a late-night hangout on 40th St, but the food is very meh. The katsu-don was served soggy last time I ordered it, and didn't really have much flavor other than the bit of onion underneath the chicken. I also had their burrito, which was so-so. I heard the seafood soup is pretty good, although I haven't tried it, and their pickled vegetables aren't bad. Overall a cool little shop with nice ambiance/decor, but the food could be improved.i ate there spicy squid dish wasn't very good , there prices is a little higher than koreana
they put too much msg it gave me that after taste i did,t like that at all.i would not go back there. i am going back to koreana  there prices is good and the food is good.Good effort and decent location, but I probably won't be back anytime soon.
I came here for dinner a few weeks ago after class because everyone I was with was craving Korean food. U-Town didn't have terribly great ratings on Yelp, but I was willing to give it a try anyways since I hadn't had Korean food in a while.
Atmosphere: U-Town operates within a really compact space in which they manage to fit in several tables and chairs. The product is a semi-intimate dining experience in some ways. When we went during dinner, there was no other seating besides four empty seats in the slightly awkward bar seating area in the very front, so we opted to wait for a table instead. No major complaints. There are lots of college students and it's a Korean restaurant, so don't expect it to be that quiet. 
Food: Being the only Korean person in the group, I made a couple of food recommendations to my friends. I ordered spicy squid over rice, which is one of my favorite dishes ever. Although the level of spiciness was quite reasonable, there was something really off about the dish. One of my friends ordered jjampong, a Korean-Chinese fusion dish, that also was lacking some serious punch. I forgot what the third person ordered. I remember the banchan for our table was so disappointing -- just kimchi and daikon radishes, which is usually paired with Korean-Chinese food. As far as I'm concerned, they should've given us a typical set of side dishes.
Price: So, I've gotten used to relatively expensive Korean food on the east coast, but U-Town is actually quite pricey in light of the overall experience. Sure, there are college students willing to pay for convenience, but I did feel like I could've gotten something way better at a more authentic Korean restaurant anywhere else for a marginally higher price. The food quality and price mismatch/gap is probably my biggest hesitation about this place.
Two-stars. I've DEFINITELY experienced better.I've gone here twice and was quite happy with their ability to do custom orders. I like dumplings in my soon-dubu and they have kindly fulfilled this each time I've visited. Their Kim chi is spicier than most, but I like it. So far would definitely recommendI love the sea food noodles soup, and it was awesome because there are lots of sea food on it like shrimps, squids and scallops. I also like the cold noodles, but it is a little bit sweet. Their fried chicken wings are very delicious and both of my friend and I like it so much!!I've been desperate for some Korean food ever since coming to Philly, and I was told U-Town was one of the two Korean restaurants in University City. It wasn't as bad as Koreana (the other Korean restaurant), but it was still disappointing. I could almost taste the MSG in the food to enhance the taste, and I could just tell it was not authentically cooked. If anything, I definitely don't recommend Bibim Noodles since they were so dry, and definitely not the other soup-based items on the menu, as they contain a lot MSG. If you want a safe item, I recommend the Bibimbap, a staple Korean food, and something you really can't go wrong with.Hubby and I decided to randomly try this place since we were walking by looking for somewhere new to eat.  I ordered the chicken hot stone pot and my husband ordered the "seafood" hot stone pot. Despite the fact that our dishes were a bit bland, and dry, thankfully the food still tasted good. I have seafood in quotes is because, he got in his "seafood" dish: two baby shrimp, two nickel size rings of calamari, and one measly mussel. The rest of it was mostly rice, onions and a few veggies ($12.99). My chicken dish was in the same boat as his, a little chicken with lots of rice and some veggies ($12.99). The portions were disappointingly small and expensive for what you get.  The only one server was polite, but did not bother to suggest something to order, especially since we were first time in the restaurant and unfamiliar with the cuisine.  We had to pry it out of him and ended up ordering the hot pots. He did not come back to ask how it was... There was another person behind the counter who seemed to be the owner, who also did not bother coming over to ask how everything was or if we needed anything else. After dropping $32 plus tip for two snack-size entrees, we left the restaurant feeling jipped.  We will not be going back...Really nice! I come U town twice a week! Service are friendly and restaurant is very clean! When I listen Korean songs in U town I felt like I am in Korea!My go-to order is always the plain soondubu (which I find superior to its beef, seafood or mushroom counterparts). If you're craving authentic Korean food close-by in the University City/Center City area, this is the place to go if you're not willing to make the trek out to Jong Ka Jib in the Northeast. Especially during the winter-time, be sure to stop by for some spicy heat to thaw out frozen hands/feet!
*Tip for Korean food first-timers - crack the egg into your soup! :)The Jangban Jajang (noodle served with pork & potatoes) was so greasy - I could only eat a few bites. My friend had the bulgogi dish that's served over rice cakes & fish cakes, which I tried & found to be average.I ordered the bulgogi bibimbap and I didn't think it tasted that good.. :/ but it's a convenient place on campus and the environment is a bit nicer than Koreanna's if you are craving for Korean food.. but I thought Koreanna's food tasted better (and was also cheaper).U-Town's sign says it serves Korean and Japanese cuisine, but its really a Korean spot. Similar to Koreana, the menu is more of a quick hot soup, stew, grilled meats place. You aren't going to have an epic table-side Korean BBQ meal here. The menu hovers in the $10 range; my noodle soup ended up being $10.99-  Yuk Gae Jang (#21): shredded beef with vegetables in spicy beef broth.
It became slightly more attractive once placed in a bowl along side the rice and kimchee it came with. The soup is packed with noodles and vegetables, including a plethora of different types of mushrooms and greens. There was less of the shredded beef, though I liked the bits my chopsticks came across. The broth had a kick, as promised, and although not very complex, it accomplished what I wanted out of my lunch- a spicy and filling soup with tons of submerged solids.  One unexpected consequence to look out for, the broth will stain your hands or anything else it comes in contact with. Don't spill!I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. As a Korean, its really hard to find Korean food that does not taste like MSG....The food here tastes more authentic than other Korean restaurants around this area.They have a wide variety of choices. 
The food is hit or miss depending on what you get & your exepectations for Korean food. The chicken dish and the pa-jeon (sea-food pancake) were so-so for me. 
However, their gam-ja-tang (hot soup with meat, potatoes and veggies) was great! I was not expecting an authentic gam-ja-tang at all when I ordered it, and I was very very happy  :) Great for a cold, winter day. Also, it was not overwhelmingly salty or spicy, and had generous portions of meat. I would give more than five stars for it!The food was good. I got a yuk gal tang which is basically yukgaejang with beef ribs. The timing for the food was okay. However it takes a while to get the workers' attention which resulted in me going up to them to ask for things various times. Overall, service was not bad. As for debit card users, they charge you as credit instead of debit, so that's something to be aware of. I give this place a 3/5 because the food is okay and the service is okay.No frills Korean restaurant. 
Small place but serves some authentic and decent food. High prices keep it from being a popular spot to visit though.
You can tell the food is good and real because only Koreans typical go here and eat. They only serve radish and kimchee as the sides but they are unlimited so go crazy.
They serve big portion so keep that in mind or you might go home with more than one takeout box.This place is terrible and don't listen to instructions when you order take out! I ask for no meat in my food but they put it in anyway. This is not the first time this has happened either.I came in to U line with an open mind not really expecting much and they quickly surpassed whatever I was thinking. The food here is legit! I had broiled prime rib and my gf had the broiled pork belly. They were both so full of umami flavor it's ridiculous! The meat was Soo incredibly tender and delicious. They also bring the meat out on a sizzling dish which adds to the ambiance (you taste with your eyes before your mouth) This place is an amazing Discovery and is on my radar. I'll be telling everyone how good the food was hereFood here is far away from delicacy. Only thing is the position which is quite near to University City.U-Town is a good place to go if you're looking for a quick Korean fix on campus!
I've been here a couple of times before, but my last visit really stood out and made a lasting impression more-so than before (whatever that might mean to you). I got the beef soondobu, which I thought was fantastic. The broth didn't taste like it was watery, and the stew contained a hearty (and well flavored) mix of vegetables, tofu, and beef. (Tip: the beef is at the bottom of the dish, so you should mix everything up a bit before eating). You're given a raw egg to crack and cook in the bowl while it's still hot, which is pretty neat if you've never seen it before. My friend got the jajangmyeon, which came in a fairly large serving. It was perfectly flavored and contained onions, pork, potatoes, and what I think was zucchini (it was hard to tell?), along with the noodles. 
Better than Koreana and similarly priced. They don't have bubble tea, but they have desserts like shaved ice. There are better places for Korean food in general, but this is one of the best in University City.A pleasantly ok experience. When a friend and I decided to go on a snowy cold day, surprisingly no one was in there. Our waiter was very friendly, we got tea and ordered quickly- the tea tasted a little funny though, but it was warm and I was freezing so I guess that was good. The food came out quickly. I got the spicy chicken dish that came with miso soup and rice. The miso soup was almost undrinkable, it was so salty. Dish at least came sizzling hot and was quite filled at the end.I've eaten here twice now, though I have just defaulted to bulgogi bibimbap both times. The service was quick and our meals were accompanied by pickled radishes and kimchi as well as miso soup for those of us that didn't order a soup dish. My one complaint is that the menu is a bit hard to follow. Overall though, the food was good for the price. It's not going to blow you away, especially if you've had Korean food before, but it's good enough given that the location is so good.1st Visit-Great food & service. 2nd visit-significantly cold service and food quality declined. When operating a restaurant, CONSISTENCY IS KEY. I got the same item for both visits and the latter disappointed me. Uncertain whether they hired new cooks or employees, the consistency was gone. It still gets packed because it's located in University City.I have been here two times for a week. I think U-town is best Korea restaurant in Philadelphia that is closed at the University City. There were a lot of people when I went there and we were seat at table bar table. The service was perfect and friendly. Each table services one bottle water and side dish of kimchi and sweet pickled radishes; you can refill side dish anytime. Actually, the food was very delicious especially seafood 'soondubu' was my best favorite food in there but I recommend only people who like eating spicy foods. Price also nice, each food average price is about 10 dollars that is not expensive and one food enough to eat one person. From what I can see, the food is very good because after I finish my dinner, people were still coming.  I will come here again when I want to eat Korean food.First, I would like to clarify that I am no expert in Korean cuisine, far from it...in fact, have had "Korean food" on rare ocassions only...But I can vouch that this place serves the most decent Korean fare in this part of the city.
Those who are not accustomed to Korean food, please  order wisely...Some of the choices can be too much spicy (and this comes from a person who is born with a thing for all things spicy)!!!
I had #24 on the menu, which is grilled squids in a spicy gravy with flavoured lettuce and baked potatoes. And it was definitely one of the spicier items on the menu.
Being a small campus food-joint, this place is a little pricey, and I deduct 1 star for that....All in all, worth the experience, although am not positive that I would like to return!All those good reviews made me wonder if the owner paid to say nice things. The service is horrible. 
An example: combo 2 presents a full size short ribs, but what they really are lots of lettuces and few slices of beef. When I tried to negotiate with the owner, what I got is an arrogant attitude. He pointed at the corner of menus and said "it told you actual things will be different", and says in 5 years no one has complained. Wtf? So it becomes my fault to point it out? Paying 10 dollars for beef so few that can be negligible? When does beef become this expensive?I go here all the time for their beef soondubu. My fav because the flavor is more savory than the traditional seafood soondubu. I'm just really upset this time (2/18) I went when they only filled up my rice and soup about 2/3 of what I normally get. Disappointed.I have been here a few times and generally have found the food to be okay until today. The galbi I ordered at first glance looked like a lot of food, but the bottom was covered with large meatless bones. Last time, my portion was so large that I had to push what remained on my plate away to a lucky friend. This time, I was still hungry and had to fill myself up on free pickles. Very disappointing.Not too much tables, and the service is good! Love the food here! Try water ice! The chicken soup is just so so. The noodle stuff look good!I ordered take out from here last week. We ordered the dak galbi bibimbap,the yuk gal tang, and gimbap. The yuk gal tang was good and spicy, but the bimimbap and gimbap were awful.  The dak galbi wasn't spicy at all, and the only vegetables they used were old bean sprouts. The "veggie" gimbap was also just filled with bean sprouts and soggy carrots. We couldn't eat either of them. They also didn't give any gochujang for the bibimbap. I don't know if that's because there was supposed to be spice from the dak galbi, but it would have been good to hide the overall bland flavor. If you're not familiar with Korean food you might enjoy it, but if you have any expectation, I suggest going somewhere different.This place is pretty delicious. Seating is tight, and they are a little stingy with water, but the food is great. They automatically bring out kimchi and pickled beets. The kimchi is spicy and delicious. Portions are very generous, and prices are fair.Much, much better than Koreana. While slightly more expensive, I can attest that the soon doo boo is hearty and a real meal, especially if you dine in since they give you the raw egg and side dishes of pickled radishes and kimchi. I also love how the soup dishes are always bubbling when they come out, and simply teeming with tofu. I always get the seafood soondooboo and am always satisfied at how much fresh seafood (especially the squid) and tofu (almost half a block, probably) is in the bowl. Add in the generous heaping of rice, and you'll be full for half a day. 
Service is simply fine; they try to do their best with what they have, although sometimes there is a language barrier. They are also pretty inflexible if you have any restrictions: no substitutions, and certain things cannot be take-out.I have been there several times. Every time I ordered different thing, and everything is perfect！you have to eat ice cream here! All kinds of noddles there are good.Good for the college scene. It's not the best. I got soondubu which was not out of the world but still good if you're craving. Good kick of spice. But their patbingsu (Korean water ice) was gross. It wasn't how I pictured it. It was an artificial mess!I went in to have a bibimbap. It was good. The service is non-existent (they literally give you a sport water bottle full of water to refill you own glass) and the portion quite small (I'm sure it's the right amount of food you should eat) for paying 15.00 with tip. Expensive for what it is but still good food.4 stars because U-city desperately needs a Korean restaurant and I don't want them to go away but to be frank, I'd give them three stars. :X
I guess they just opened so they're trying to get adjusted to running a new business. The wait was super long, and the minute we walked in they said sorry cash only because they haven't set up their credit card machine yet - which I thought was kind of rude. They should've at least let us sit down and get settled? (it was pouring rain outside after all). 
Ordering the food was a bit of a mess because they kept saying they couldn't make x dish or y dish. 
Our group ordered a lot of different dishes and I think all of us thought they were pretty good except the dishes were all pretty salty - esp. the stews. 
If I were to go there again, I'd get the donkatsu (tonkatsu). I ordered the soon tofu. It was solid except they added squash in it which I thought was odd. It was suuuper salty.Personally, I think U-Town is one of the an okay option for Korean food in University City. They provide a lot of options that are a little bit on the expensive side, but the food is definitely not worth paying for to satisfy your Korean food cravings. The food is good but not great, and I believe it also depends on what you order. I would recommend their hot pot dishes (I prefer the meat options over the seafood ones) and the bibimbap. Sadly, you only get 2 side dishes: kimchi and pickled radishes. On the bright side, the portions are reasonable. Overall the service here is great and fast and I would come back for my Korean food cravings! If you haven't been here, I would at least give it a try!I can see that U-Town is giving a lot of comfort to Korean students in the area but I can't say I've been a fan of the food on either of my two visits.  I had the soon-du boo jigae and the haemul pa jun; the soon-du boo was passable but not at all spicy and did not contain very good ingredients.  The pa jun was glooey and pasty and again, with poor quality ingredients.  The form looks good - it all looks like Korean food but there's definitely no halmoni in the kitchen.I had never tried Korean food before coming to this place. I have mixed feelings about this restaurant, so I'll try to outline some of them here.
I'm vegetarian, and I was happy to see an extensive "vegetarian" selection on their menu. The first time I visited U-Town, the menu did not include descriptions of the vegetarian dishes. I asked the waiter to explain all of the dishes to me, and she did so kindly and thoughtfully, which I appreciated. I ended up deciding on Vegetable Bimbim Bap. It came as a bowl with several ingredients, which I mixed and added extra hot sauce too. It tasted pretty great.
The second time I came, I ordered a vegetable ramen noodle soup dish with dumplings. This time, the vegetarian section of the menu included descriptions so I had no trouble choosing. It was just what I wanted- simplistic, but I loved the noodle texture. The dumplings didn't taste all that great-- they were flimsy and soft, too, so they broke in the heat of the soup and all the contents mixed in with the noodles which I didn't really like.
My main issue with the place is how crowded and noisy it gets. You often have to wait a bit to get seated due to the small nature of the restaurant.
If I am ever craving a hot bowl of noodles, I'll definitely come to U-Town. However, I don't think I'll be re-visiting much.I would say way better than Koreana. I think this place serves more authentic Korean food than its counterpart. Has a variety of selections to choose from but I would definitely recommend their soups especially gam-ja-tang (pork bone soup with veggies) which is very hearty and filling; you can even divide it into two meals!New Korean restaurant at UPenn, on 40st next to Fresh Grocer. 
We tried Naeng Myun (cold noodle) and Jangban Jajang (Noodle serve with pork sauce). Both very good. My girlfriend is Korean, she's very satisfied the taste.U-Town is definitely one of the better Korean restaurants I've been to that cater to Americans. It's a small joint on the Penn campus and the service is great. The servers are all very polite and respectful. 
Each table has a large bottle of water so you can self-refill. The food as a whole is good, albeit a bit salty for my taste. The mushroom soondubu is my favorite so far. The kimchi here is good, unlike Koreana's dry and bitter kimchi. 
Price is reasonable. I've been here 3 times already, and will definitely be coming back to satiate my Korean-American food cravings.U-Town is a Korean/Japanese spot in the West Philly/University City area. The wife and I had just seen a movie at the cinema down the block and were hungry for some lunch. We decided to try U-Town out.
I would say it's more Korean than Japanese, but see the connection between the two. What I got was okay, but nothing so special. I saw a few other tables get this fried chicken that looked sort of fantastic. I might go back to give it a try.
But the Bulgogi Bibimbap that I got, it was decent enough to enjoy, but I have had better.This place is so inflexible. I'm vegetarian, so whenever I go to a restaurant, I often substitute the meat in certain dishes for tofu or extra veggies. I asked to substitute beef broth for veggie broth, and they said that they couldn't do that. I then asked to substitute beef for tofu, and they wanted to charge me extra. The owners actually are very stubborn with their menu.
The service is also not-that-great, since during prime dinner hours, the place is always packed, which in turn makes the servers even slower. They give you a pitcher for larger groups so you can refill your water yourself, but when the pitcher runs out of water, they completely forget about you and don't refill it for a long, long time. If you don't have a party of more than 4 people, they don't fill your water without you asking.
The food itself is alright. Nothing super spectacular about it, but it's decent and qualifies for one of the only places that serves Korean in University City. The sign at the front says it also has Japanese cuisine, which is a lie because there isn't any Japanese cuisine on the menu. If you ask the servers for their Japanese food, they'll point you to the Japanese restaurant across the street.I've been to U-Town twice (and Koreana, their most direct competition, about five times) and I honestly can't say that much good about them when my experience with Koreana has consistently been better. I got the budaejigae (#36?) on the menu and it was kind of meh and also had a weird soapy taste to it (not sure if it was that or the rice that came with it) as if the dishsoap hadn't completely been washed off the dishes before they served the food. I got one of the soon doo boos the first time I went (don't remember which one) and it wasn't particularly memorable.