The downloadable PDF of their menu reminds me of the days before Osama Bin Laden was a threat and Kobe Bryant was a young, unheard of, basketball prospect.I have dealt with their 1.5 hour delivery time, because the veggie wrap was decent. I even did not comment when they charged me a dollar for using my credit card, and called it a "hidden card."  Today I ordered 3 veggie wraps. One had a curly black hair right on top of the wrap kind of like a little garnish. The second one had bits and specks of I do not know what. 
The manager battled with me on the phone for 15 minutes explaining how if she changed my order to something else, that she would go out of business. I explained that I spend money in there weekly and put up with their slow service, and actually watched sweat drip from one of the workers head into the food. She acted like it was my express privilege to eat at this crapatorium. 
They brought me most of my money back, and they just lost a customer. No pubic hair veggie wrap for me.
Maybe the name should be Uncles Boogies.Very greasy pizza. Dried and cardboard tasting crust. Garlic knots were not cooked all the way. Will never eat there again.Delivery driver left cursing because he didnt think his tip from one of my coworkers wasnt enough. 3 other people ordered as well and tipped.I have had their pizza at their Sea Isle location, it's not bad.
I like Uncle Oogies for their sandwich and pasta delivery in Philly.
The sausage rigatoni was really quite good, and excellent for pizza place delivery.
Uncle Oogies is a dependable option for Italian fare, when you are hungry and want to be sure your food is delivered just right.I love Uncle Oogie's Pizza and their Cheese Fries (cheese on the side, though, always!)
Uncle Oogie's is pretty average price-wise but the delivery is always pretty fast. The longest it's ever taken is an hour (and that's impressive considering it's over 2 years of ordering once a month or so, usually right before or during phillies/eagles/sixers games!)
I also love their sampler platters, which allow me to get a few each of the ton of greasy fast food that I often crave.We order from uncle Oogies quite often. Tonight was a bad experience for us. My husband ordered us dinner at 6:16pm. Nothing complicated: chicken fingers, salad and a sandwich. At 7:30 we were still waiting for delivery. I called them to ask what happened and the girl said the driver would be right there in a minute. So I said ok and hung up. We waited for 15 more minutes. Still no food. At this point I have had enough, so I called to cancel the order. I guess I expected them to apologize, but no. I got- ok. Buy 
Not happy at all. We live couple blocks away but I will not be ordering from them for a while ( if ever)This review is specifically of their gluten-free pizza, ordered for delivery. I've never been to Uncle Oogie's and I haven't eaten anything else they offer, but since nobody here has mentioned their gluten-free options, I thought I should say something so it comes up in the search results! Uncle Oogie's is not a gluten-free restaurant, but about a dozen of their pies are available on a gluten-free crust for a small extra charge.
My roommate is gluten-free (I'm not). She was wistfully saying the other day that she wished she could just order in a pizza, so I hopped on GrubHub and searched for "gluten free" to see if anything came up in our area, and lo and behold, there was a pizza place less than a mile from our house! 
I'm fairly confident that Uncle Oogie's gets pre-made gluten-free crusts from somewhere else, because you can only order gluten-free pizzas in the 10" (small/personal) size, and the crusts had a pre-made look to them. They definitely aren't amazing crusts, but my reaction was actually just "these are okay crusts," not "these are okay for gluten-free." The crusts were thin but not quite cracker-y, and while they weren't especially flavorful they were completely adequate. 
We ordered the margharite (a red pizza with lots of tomatoes, some fresh mozzarella, and some basil) and the verde supreme (a white pie with broccoli) and the toppings were simple but fresh, again falling definitely in the "perfectly adequate but not anything special" category. They could have used a little more seasoning, but I appreciated that everything was clearly very fresh.
Not being gluten-free myself, I wouldn't rush to order more of the gluten-free pizzas, though they were good enough that I'm curious to try Uncle Oogie's other offerings. However, I'm sure we'll end up ordering the gluten-free pizzas again the next time my roommate gets a craving for pizza she doesn't have to make herself, and I'm really glad to know there's a place in our neighborhood serving pizzas she can eat.Lol ... I placed my order through Grubhub (2 cheesesteaks , 2 orders of cheese fries with the cheese on the side (yelp tip) and a Pepsi ). The order was delivered in a timely manner, the food was hot and pretty tasty but they called grub hub to charge me an additional $0.11 for two sides of cheese instead of on the fries. Lol. $0.11 really, not $0.10 or $0.12 but $0.11.If you feel like waiting an hour and a half for warm pizza at best with a terrible chicken cheesesteak that uses processed chicken meat then order from here. This place is on my permanent boycott list.Uncle Oogies has gluten free rolls! That's wonderful because I can order hoagies and steaks again! I haven't tried the gfree pizza, but I am super happy about their rolls... Which are pretty good. I only wish I tried them sooner!If Rooster C. Thinks it's tasty, I would avoid it like the plague.Out shopping with my daughters.  My autistic gluten free kid wanted to find a pizza in South Philly. This was a great find! They can make any of their pizzas into a gluten free pizza for you. We had chicken Caesar salad and a chicken salad wrap and the chicken salad was very good. But the garlic knots were awesome!!!! You can eat in or take out. There is indoor seating for parties from 1 to 4 people.Couple salads which they load with meat. Not bad. Had wings which had a nice unique spice to them. 3.5 stars for sureThe buffalo chicken salad at Uncle Oogie's is really good.  I get this every time we order from here because I like it so much. Other than that I think the pizza is good, but definitely not my favorite. Also, we usually get delivery and every time it comes it turns out to be much more expensive than we were expecting.Always a great go to delivery or quick stop in spot. The chicken in their house hot sauce is super good and the hoagies are always fresh and well portioned.This is not your typical take-out pizza joint. Between the quality of the food, the service, and the menu options, I am a big fan of this place. 
While the menu items may look typical, it is not. They offer many/most of their items gluten-free. I don't eat gluten-free, but many people do. It is a nice touch.
At first bite, you can tell they use higher quality ingredients. From the cheese, to the dough, to the sauce, it is noticeably higher quality than other places.
Not only have I gotten pizza, cheesesteaks, etc to go, I have also used Uncle Oogie's for catering. They were very responsive, had the food ready, and took it out to my car for me. 
There is seating, so you can easily have a peaceful meal here.
Staff is always friendly.
I no longer live in the area, but when I do, I sometimes order from here. They are that good.First ordered the veggie sandwich and fries. Very tasty! Good prices! Comprehensive vegan menu as well.Been ordering from here about 4 or 5 years. Some of the best pizza in the city. Get a breakfast pizza with American and green peppers. Sooo slammin!  And even better reheated the next day.I order there from work often. The girls are very friendly  and make it easy. My only complaint is the driver NEVER gets my drink order right (I've stopped with the drinks completely ). 
Food is very good, no complaints on anything  I've ordered. Pizza is great and I tend to get the oogies special. My go to sandwich.
You can eat inside also if you want. Also you can pay with a card over the phone if you choose.I have never seen so much ham, in one place, other than Easter dinner with famiy, than on the Hawaiian pizza from hereFirst time ordering food here -  got a sausage and peppers pizza.  It's good.  The crust is on the thinner side.  I would've liked more sauce on the pizza.  I could barely taste any. 
Sausage was finely chopped and spread evenly throughout the pizza.  The green peppers on there tasted a bit canned or pickled, which I didn't like.  
Not a bad pieToday was my first day tasting a chicken cheese steak from here and it was sooooooo good that's my new place to get my steaks fromWe always come to this location after Eagles home games.  The staff are always nice and friendly.  Their pizza is pretty good and I love the crunchy texture of the crust.  Never to heavy or greasy.  Eat in for the best quality.  Never ordered delivery so no comment on that.  Go Eagles.i ordered steak boli buns and received pepperoni. We called back and told them of the mistake, they fixed it. They also allowed us to keep the pepperoni (we don't eat pork), and they brung us what we ordered. We gave the pepperoni ones to our neighbor. The steak boli buns are awesome. The buffalo wings and bar b que wings are great tooThe guy on the phone was incredibly nice and so was the delivery guy.  I asked the guy who took my order if the distance was too great from there to center city west, and if it was...i totally understood, because i had such a small order.  I asked again to make sure...no problem:) When the pizza arrived over an hour later the delivery guy had a look on his face like he was delivering me a pigs heart from someone(that's probably a delicacy to someone, but I think you know what I mean).  He didn't apologize for the time issue, but I'm still giving him three stars for that look alone.  
I ordered a margarite pizza on whole wheat.  It arrived COLD.  
Pizza....
The dough:  very raised, doughy whole wheat, dense, thick, soft, and chewy.
Sauce:  very acidic, not salty+++, oniony...pieces everywhere(not my thing), and pasty texture.
Cheese:  literally a dot here or there; a piece or two was sad tomato pie. The salt in the cheese could have helped balance this a bit, but in retrospect it was doomed from the beginning.
I had high pizza hopes:( But, thanks for the nice lip service.I hate leaving poor reviews but we've given this place many tries for DELIVERY (never dined in). Same experience every time & I'm not even a picky eater. Any of their cutlet sandwiches, their chicken is ALWAYS rubbery, over cooked. Pizza is "Ok". Wings, never crispy, lack flavor & ALWAYS taste like they were fresh out of the microwave. Maybe if you dine in their food is better? Not every good restaurant has a good take out. Though after spending $32 for two people, i shouldn't feel nauseous & regretting this meal. Overall, I could of gotten the same quality if not a little better from McDonald's $1 menu. Save your money.I only go to Oogies for their Boli Buns.  Boli Buns are miniature versions of the Philadelphia classic Stromboli.  They're served with a red sauce on the side.  Def tasty.  Would like one or two more on the small order for the price.  Oh well. 
 Note - The original Uncle Oogies is down the shore in Sea Isle City so you can get Boli Buns at the beach.Great wings!  Plus the breakfast pizza w bacon is fantastic.  I go back to this spot everytime and I live way North!moved to south philly & Uncle Oogie's has been our go to place if we need to get something to eat. So far everything we've ordered (sandwich's, wraps, pizza, even salads) has been excellent. Since we are close we always p/u, so not sure how their delivery service is.Well,  I guess I should really only be pissed at myself for ordering from this place again after a bad experience last year.     I was starving and stupid.  I should have remembered how pissed off I was last time.
Thanks Oogies for delivering half or my order but neglecting to tell me that until you showed up at my house.  Uh, you couldn't have told me that pretty important piece of information on the phone so, I don't know, maybe I could have ordered something else???  Nah, that would have made too much sense.    So that's cool.  I just won't eat.   Thanks.
In addition to the sandwich I ordered that Oogies ran out of of, we also ordered some sort of a chicken avocado sandwich.   My friend had to share his shitty sandwich with me because otherwise I would have had nothing to eat.   The avocados were hard as a hockey puck and not at all ripe and the chicken was frigin overcooked and dry as a bone.    I asked for no lettuce on my sandwich, but I can see how that could be confusing.  Soggy mayo soaked lettuce on dry ass chicken with rock hard avocado.  I mean yeah I know its a pizza delivery place, but this sandwich was crap.
I could go on, but I'm geting mad again and its just not worth it.  This place blows.  And it is now on my boycotted list.I use to order from here almost every Friday. After the customer service I received for complaining about a disgusting order I received, I will never order from here again. I get it doesn't take much knowledge to manage a pizza place, but a little common courtesy is deserving especially for a regular customer and when the mistake is on you. They have okay food, but their staff is unbelievably rude. I'll go else where for okay pizza and exceptional customer service, after all this is South Philly and pizza places come a dime a dozen.  To the owner, you may want to upgrade your staff or at least screen your managers.Love their upside down pizza and boli buns are phenomenal,  only downfall is the past two times i ordered the order was messed up, and that Im only giving 4 stars instead of 5. Also the sandwiches there aren't great so stick to the pizza or stromboliWhen this place opened, I didn't want to stray away from my normal pizza place - I felt like I would be cheating on them, but because I started seeing Uncle Oogie-mobiles driving all around South Philly, I figured I had to try this place.
The hubby and I ordered the bruschetta pizza.  OMG!  It was delicious!  I highly recommend it.  When I opened the box, it looked more like a work of art than of a pizza.  
I have also had their veggie wrap and their apple/walnut salad - both of which are scrumptious!  
So, yeah, there was a reason why I saw so many Uncle Oogie-mobiles delivering around South Philly.  Great food!!!This place is reliably good.  You know that the weekend has arrived in Girard Estates when you see the Uncle Oogies cars zipping through the neighborhood, delivering food.  We usually get the cheese pizza and wings.  Both are good, especially when they are piping hot (for this reason, it may be  better to eat in at the restaurant, there is some seating available).  The chicken sandwiches are very good and the Grilled Chicken Avocado and Tuscan Chicken salads are good options if you want to eat healthy.  Oddly enough, the one thing we did not order again was their flagship Old Italian pizza.  It was salty and not very appetizing.  With that exception, we order from here regularly and it is a standard in the neighborhood.My first experience was awesome. ..this time was not so much...after spending 52 dollars and change..you would think I would have had fresh mushrooms and fresh spinach on my pizza, but no canned mushrooms and spinach that you can tell was squeezed of all the juices in that good ole can. My wings looked as though someone was chewing on them before getting to me...the bbq sauce wasn't nearly covering the wings all the way..someone is in the kitchen a little too comfortable..judging from my last photos uncle oogies has feel offReally fast delivery, and darn fine food.
We ordered a Four Cheese Pomodoro pizza, and it was delicious. Nice crust, good flavour. The chicken cheesesteaks were quite tasty, too.
I can't wait until we're back in Philly, so we can order again!That was the worst wings I have ever had. They were so gross looking. It looked like they went next door to grab some chicken from the Chinese place. They were all stringy and we ordered hot. They were no where near hot. Never get the Tomato Pie (low fat low cheese). -More like no cheese. It was cold when we got it. After we heated it up it was ok. The crust was the best part. I'll stick to Celebre's. Tried to try something new and realized it was just not worth it.I'll admit: I am hard to please, especially when it comes to delivery joints. I always expect more than what I am sure to get, which is of course greasy fried foods and by-the-numbers pizza. 
Uncle Oogies stands out from the South Philly delivery crowd for a few reasons. The first and foremost is their "Old Italian" pizza. Thin, rectangular crust, a bit of EVOO, plum tomatoes, cheese and garlic. It is beautiful in its simplicity, and right there with the best pizzas I have had in South Philly (faint praise, but praise nonetheless)
They have other good eats too. Specifically, the "belly buster" fries. Its a fucking heart-attack in an aluminum container. I had the Burger one: mozzerella, bacon, hamburger and pickles all piled on their delicious (tho typical) pizza shop fries. Not for the faint of heart. (Thats a compliment, in case you couldnt tell)
Also, this place has a pretty expansive, creative menu. There are all sorts of sandwiches and pizzas. Certainly more than just the "standards."
I would def recomend Uncle OogiesFirst time here. My friends did they had visited a location down the shore and enjoyed their food! I ordered a cheesesteak Stromboli. I highly recommend it! Not a drip of grease which tells me they used a higher quality of meat then may other places. I'm not sure what kind of cheese they use but it was perfectly melted and had yummy grilled onions too. The sauce tasted homemade and the counter and server staff were attentive. The seating area is small so call ahead for a larger crowd. Oogies does South Philly proud!So here's the deal: I teach at a school that has a special relationship with Uncle Oogie's, so we're constantly getting catered breakfasts/lunches/etc from this spot.  I don't know if I would have sought it out on my own, but it's very delicious! The breakfast pizzas are awesome.  I especially like the one with asparagus.  (I think I've tried them all by now. :))  I also really enjoyed the cobb salad I got once.  Pizza, however, is generally your best bet.The name alone made this place interesting to me but some trusted friends are of the opinion that this place was worth trying. It's always been tough to try this place though, because if I'm coming out this way, I'm going to Grubhouse. 
So I took the opportunity of Grubhouse being on sabbatical as well as (full disclosure ) my first choice being closed and I found myself at Oogies. The problem was, I couldn't remember what people said was good here, pizza or cheesesteak and without internet I was in a quandary. Luckily , I'm a resourceful man and I decided  to get a slice AND a cheesesteak. Shut up! It was my birthday, I could do what I want!
I pretty much are the slice as an appetizer while waiting for my cheesesteak. It was decent. Thin and crispy with a saltiness to the cheese that I liked. 
The Steak was good too. They are definitely trying to compete with the traditional South Philly Steak in style. From bread to the slab steak and onions. I didn't ask for a specific cheese and was given what seemed to be an American/wiz hybrid. I liked it and it passed the car test of being easy to eat in my car without looking like a bloodbath afterwards. 
Overall, it was a decent meal with quick and friendly service but there was nothing here to wow me. If I lived nearby it would be a go-to place but it's not a destination spot from the Burbs like Grubhouse is. 
Uncle Oogie is the solid uncle that you like to visit but aren't excited to visit. He's also not the uncle that touches you inappropriately so that's a good thing.HAIR WAS BAKED INTO MY WINGS. Tried to get refunded and all they offered was store credit or a re-delivery. Why the HECK would I want a re-delivery of hairy wings??????? AWFUL DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. 
Also, sweet potato fries were soggy and awful.The only reason I signed up in yelp was to leave this review here. I am not usually the kind of person that complains about anything because I've worked before in the customer service field and I know that situations can happen but this people are something else. I called on a Sunday morning to place a delivery order when my apartment is only 6 minutes away from this place. The lady that answered the phone refused to deliver my order just because the delivery guy didn't know where my apartment was. She even asked me to talk to him to see if he wanted to do it. Will never ever call or try eating at this place.Food is ok, nothing special. Pretty pricey for the quality. Order here frequently because it's convenient to work and there aren't many other lunch options. You can usually count on one or more parts of your order being wrong though.got the chicken parm today at work...the chicken is rubbery...i asked for salt pepper and garlic..didnt receive it..the sauce is only on the bread so the chicken has no flavor..this place was my favorite but  I don't know what happened..the grease needs to be changed the sandwich just taste like burnt cookin oil..terrible...so i called back to tell them of my issue..I was just gonna suck it up and keep the sandwich but I couldn't take it ..it was that bad...so the customer service was amazing..she put me in for another sandwich...so im thinkin that my sandwich was coming right back ( being as tho when we first ordered it literally came in 15 mins)...well all this happened around 4:15...it's now 5:11 and I have yet to receive my sandwich..when i called and asked on the whereabouts of it..the young lady said "you didnt receive your sandwich yet?"...reallly??? so I guess my sandwich will be cold...sandwich was not hot...and the chicken was still rubbery...i didnt even bother calling back...i just tossed the sandwichwho would have known a little place like this had vegan options! the vegan buffalo chicken cheesesteak is great. and the pizzas are great too. what a cool little find.Terrible pizza. The crust tasted like the cardboard box. The "fresh plum tomatoes" were clearly canned and tasted like metal. The ricotta was "off" and tasted stale. Never again.On my most recent visit I had the Cheese Steak Hoagie, I know "you can't eat a cheese steak hoagie style" you all say. Prior to my recent visit, I had a cheese steak hoagie and it was decent. I had the same thing on my last visit and it was just one greasy, tasteless mess. I guess you give this place an I for inconsistency.  
In regards to the pizza its not bad. I suggest eating in if you are ordering a pie. Whenever I ordered delivery the pizza was dry and luke warm. 
The food is not great, but its not terrible. Considering the options that I have near my the chances that I will be here again or ordering from the office are high.It's solid.  The pizza came on time, and the person on the phone and deliver driver were very very nice which is a plus.  I was semi spoiled by 11th street pizzeria before they closed so I'm still trying to find my day off pizza delivery spot.  Will order from again though.I have only tried their Old Italian Pizza and White Pizza. The Old Italian has to be one of the best pizza's I have ever eaten.I had a very different (and better) experience at Uncle Oogie's.  I thought it was GREAT!!!!  It's a Soufilly pizza joint with a small dining area.  We had terrific platters (each was around $12 and came with an enormous basket of delicious garlic bread.
We shoulda split a platter - because they were insanely huge platters of food.  Chicken Parm (delish) and Chicken Olivia - even better with spinach, roasted red pepper and a light balsamic sauce.   Served with spaghetti and tons of rich "gravy".
The meatballs are fried and the "real McCoy".  Delicious.
The "Old Italian" pizza is, indeed loaded with herbs so if you don't like basil - don't get that - but we loved it's thin square crust and lovely sauce.  They also offer a tomato pie and a Margarita in addition to the "plain cheese" pies.  Plus they offer white and specialty pies.
And the hoagies (especially the chicken ones) are huge, fresh and filling.
I love it here and can't wait to go back - or get take out. (But I bet it's better fresh outta the oven and eaten right there.)Fantastic wings!  The hot version has some kick, but there's flavor there too. The pizza is ok, but above some of the other local places.  I wish they had more sauce and it leans a little on the greasy side.  It's not so bad that it drips all over and it's all you taste, but you do notice it.
The cheesesteaks are a bit skimpy.  I would go somewhere else for that and just stick to wings and pizza for this place.I'm from NYC now living in CC and am extremely picky about my Pizza.  I passed this place on the way to my gym in South Philly.   I had their "Tranditional Italian Pizza - square thin crispy crust.  Much to my delight it was excellent.  The kind of Pizza where I can't stop eating the slices even though I want to save them.   I live in CC and up until this place have had all kinds of crap Pizza from fancy and hole in the wall places in CC and North Philly.   Every other place I've had Pizza from in Philly sucks ass so far.Got a pizza cheese steak and a pasta dish for my cous. Can't comment on the pasta(didn't try it) but the PCS was freaking awesome.I ordered a parmesan chicken cutlet sandwich and had to take the chicken off - chewy, not good at all. The onion rings were pretty good.I love Uncle Oogie's pizza!
I only have ever ordered pizza for delivery from there, but it has always been delicious. 
Great crust, fresh, perfect toppings.
I definitely recommend it!Just had the old Italian pizza very good 
Ordered a spinach Stromboli not much taste needed to sauté the spinach in garlic and olive oil would have made the Stromboli much better bottom was very well done almost burnt still would recommend this placeBE AWARE!!! First, I went to pick up my food to notice several food chefs in the back not wearing gloves. I brought it to the clerks attention and she yells to Rob in the back to make sure he wears his gloves, then he shrugs his shoulders as if its not important. Second, my chicken parm was greasy and rubbery. It seemed like it was overbreaded or cooked to much. Either way, I wasn't satisfied. Lastly, the salad that we ordered mysteriously had a random piece of pepperoni in it. I wasn't happy with the food or what I witnessed in the back. Needless to say, I discarded the food and ordered from Penrose Diner, who has been reliable for years.We stopped in here for an Old Italian (Sicilian/square pizza) and it was pretty good! The crust was thin, as it should be, and seasoned like the best of breadsticks. We added pepperoni and I have to admit, the pizza was a little greasier than I expected, but pepperoni can do that very easily. Still though, the pizza tasted great. 
We also had a side of Old Bay fries, which is fancy for regular fries with some Old Bay put on top of them at the last moment. They weren't awful, but I wouldn't waste my calories on them again.
We ate inside, which has about 5 or 6 tables and a tv. Not big, but better than nothing! The bathroom door was broken but I risked it, just an FYI!
There's a private lot to park in and the sign is easy to read. All in all, a good experience. I'd say they're known for the Old Italian, so if you don't want to be disappointed, go with what they know and get the pizza.Uncle Oogies is the best pizza place in South Philly and South Jersey (Sea Isle City). The restaurants are always clean and well maintained.  The employees are friendly, polite, knowledgeable, and willing to assist.  
Their menu is amazing; I love love love their wings, boli buns, pizza, hoagies, salads, fries, etc. All of the food is amazing, homemade, and made-to-order.  Their delivery is super fast, too.  
I would highly recommend their wings, breakfast pizza, upside down pizza, Old Italian pizza, Italian hoagies, cheese steaks - the works, chicken caesar wraps, their Bubba fries, etc.  All of the food is fantastic.....a good meal will be had by all!
I must admit that I eat there atleast 3 times a week. Love Uncle Oogies!  Keep up the great work.The food is consistently good, the staff and delivery people are more than friendly, that's all you want from a place like this. I appreciate that they strive for quality food as well as quality service, that's what makes the difference! Thank you Uncle Oogie!!When you think South Philly, you may not think culinary excellence but that does not mean there isn't some really great eats.  
Oogies is really a diamond in the rough when it comes short order chow.  If you want a cheesesteak, go to Tony Lukes, Talk-of-the-Town, etc.... but for pizzas, bolis, wings and that sort of thing... check out Oogies.
I STRONGLY recommend getting a pizza made with whole wheat dough.  Typically, I find that whole wheat pizza crust is bland and lacking good flavor but not this pizza.  This whole wheat dough crust is amazing!  Check them out, this is definitely a local business that I am proud to support on a pretty regular basis.Great pizza! HOMEMADE sauce (or gravy). Reasonable prices. Sandwiches are good too. Fresh Italian bread daily. Very good! Highly recommend.Great food !!      Pizza is terrific,   possibly the best in the city !!!
       Mozzarella sticks are great too ....      Wings ,    not good......
         Fast delivery ......I only ordered Pizza from this place so far and Pizzas are ok to good. Today I was in the mood for Cheesesteak and wifey was in mood for a Hoagie. Since we got too lazy to drive a little further and where we know where they make good steaks and hoagies, we decided to give Oogies a try. That was a big risk I wish I could of taken back. The cheesesteak I had was awful. I asked for little mayo and got a mayo sandwich. There were no steak and cheese to be found anywhere. Only thing good was the bread which they get no credit for because its most likely they did not bake themselves on premise. The Italian Hoagie was just as bad. My 4 year old kid could of made a better hoagie. You would think this is an Italian place which they could not have messed up on an Italian Hoagie. I asked for mayo( I know, who puts mayo on an Italian Hoagie) and got mayo on half the sandwich. Got maybe a total of 2 slices of meat and one and a half slice of cheese and some scaps of lettuce and couple tomatoes slicers. Could of went to Mcdonalds. Lessoned learned. Just Pizzas from now on from Uncle Oogies.This was some of the worst delivery I ever received. The "boneless wings" were just deli chicken (not breaded, not fried just those horrible fake strips of deli chicken) swimming in barbecue sauce. The mozzarella sticks weren't any good and the dough in their "oogie bites" was raw.Uncle oogies?! More like my creepy uncles loogies. 
Never have I been so engulfed by rage and passion then when the Snyder location informed me that they had transferred my order to the Oregon location. 2 long hours writhing in hunger and total ego annihilation. My insides spoke of mutiny and the clock giggled at my misery. The breath wasted calling both locations will never be redeemed. 
The pizza was delicious, but I couldn't finish it all and I had to call my friends to help finish it! 
Goes great with hot sauce.Old Italian square pizza is the perfect thin crust pizza. I could eat this every week.Had the misfortune to order there today one of my favorite's Italian ham and sharpe cheese. Never had it that bad before. Get it together unc or take that off the menue. Sorry but these deserve a no star review.Delivery was on time , food was decent , wings and pizza with barbecue chicken ! 
It wasn't slop at all hate when u order from a place with 1000 things on menu and they just put out slop !!!!Tonight was a chill in the house oreder out and watch Netflix kinda night. So didnt feel like cooking and orderd pizza from Uncle Oogies.
Called to make order and customer service was friendly and attentive i ordered a large ground beef w/ extra cheese pizza. When it arrived the pizza was hot beefy and cheesy and very good. I appreciate the thinly made crust cuz im not into alot of dough and stuff.
Definitely will order again thanks Uncle Oogies!!!My Friend found a hair on her piece of pizza. She almost threw up. Never will I order from this place again. Always I will let the people I converse with know not to order here. I'm in Philly ALOT.
A BIG CLOT OF HAIR, not just one strand.Last night i got a Sicilian ground beef pizza and bbq wing...omg it was the best..they actually season their wings with a dry rub...and the pizza crust was so fluffy yet crisp on the bottom. This is from now on my go to pizza place. Only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because my pizza was a lil too cheesy for me. You woulda thought i asked for extra cheese, and that they didn't drain the ground beef wellStopped in recently when in the city.  Great food. Love the pizza. The Upside down pizza is fantastic. As is the Old Italian pizza.  
I also had an Italian Hoagie.  Very good.  Great amount of meat/cheese.  Roll was super fresh.  Loved the side of pickles and hot peppers.
French fries were well done and cooked to perfection. 
I was just at their Sea Isle City location, too!  Great new building. I will be sure to write a review for that location, too!The girl who answers the phone is the nicest, most pleasant person I have ever spoken to when placing an order.  She makes ordering a pleasure!  The food was delicious and I could not believe how quickly they delivered our food.  I will definitely be ordering from here again!  Thank you for a pleasant experience, it is definitely not the norm when ordering from other places.Ordered the veggie sandwich and fries. Very tasty! Good prices! Comprehensive vegan menu as well.I definitely wouldn't say Oogie's makes the best pizza around... But there's nothing too wrong about it... but sometimes the pizza has WAY too much spice, visably covering the whole pizza. Then the margharite pizza had about 5 pieces of mozz. cheese... essentialy you're paying for a tomatoe pie (looking nothing like the pizza on the menu cover)!
However I will say that delivery is quick and I haven't had a sandwich or wrap I didn't like. This is my place for sandwich cravings... there's better pizza places!Get the Boli Buns. Period.
I was introduced to Uncle Oogie's through volunteering at Philabundance. Had the pizza twice, the first time was delicious, the second time was a tad greasy. I didn't care for the cheese being so separated from the dough, but it was worth me trying them out when back in S. Philly.
Ordered the Crab fries and Veggie Boli Buns.
The crab fries were Old Bay fries with cheese sauce and crab meat. I love Old Bay!  I actually keep a small bottle in the car, so this I thought would be a treat. The fries themselves were soggy which probably had to do with the fact that they were "sweating" in the container and I actually can overlook this. What I didn't care for was the cheese, it was extremely salty and the crab meat was pretty bitter. I think I would just order Old Bay fries only next time.
The Boli Buns.. you have a fan in me. I LOVE STROMBOLIS and it's usually my go-to at pizza establishments. The Boli Buns were soooo good! Delicious dough rolled with veggies and cheese baked to perfection. The red sauce is on the side so you can dip or pour on top. The small came with 6 Buns and are $1 more than the Stromboli.
I ordered from Eat24 and my order was ready on time.  The lady at the counter was a tad abrasive and not welcoming, but as long as my Boli Buns are right, we will pretend it's not an issue ;)My husband and I visited Uncle Oogie's - South Philly for the first time last week.  The staff was very friendly and went out of their way to explain one of their dishes to me that I had questions about.  My husband had one of the specialty sandwiches which was made on the most DELICIOUS bread and I had a salad that was full of great toppings, walnuts, apples, tomatoes, and really great chicken salad on top!  We will definitely be back to try more of the items on their menu!I first ate the pizza at Oogie,s in Sea Isle City. The pizza at the Snyder Ave. location is every bit as good. Living in S. Phillly I know good pizza and this is among a handful, like Marras, and Franko and Luigi and Slice. Oogies is just as good.I liked the Oregon Ave spot but since  im a block below broad they MAKE me order from the new spot at Snyder Plaza. The delivery guys keep it from 25 to 40 minutes to deliver which is what I like but the food is just AHHH. My fries are always almost cooked. The pizza is better at the Oregon spot, not here. The service is great but the food stinks compared to there Oregon Ave location. Must be Management or sumtin.Seriously the best sandwich delivery option in town. Certain places may do specific items better, but Oogie's is the king of variety being all reliably good/great.
The Boli buns are unholy in their deliciousness. Dippable mini strombolis. I've eaten too many.
Avoid the buffalo wings. Stick with the bolis, hoagies, cheesesteaks, and other non-wing apps.Oh how we love Oogies! Their vegan menu is killer and totally appreciated by "our" community! That aspect is a 5 star all the way! 
Their buffalo hot "wings", buffalo chicken "cheesesteaks" and pizzas are To. Die. For!! Even my carnivore hubs can't get enough! 
Their seitan is made by local star Vegan Commissary and is fantastic! Chewy, but a bite-able consistency.  Perfectly spicy hot, but not overpowering. Seriously delicious stuff! 
The buffalo goods are served with this chunky, creamy bleu cheese and/or ranch. It's incredibly difficult to believe this stuff is vegan!
Can't speak about much else, but the kiddos flip for fan favorite "boli buns" which are essentially mini Stromboli bites about the size of garlic knots, served with marinara for dipping. They looked golden and crisp with cheese oozing out. 
Vegan or not, try the buffalo goods! Wow!
It's so nice to have a mainstream place cater to our kind! Makes life easy for all for football Sundays! 
We usually order from the one the other side of South Philly's, but if you find yourself this way doing Target or Ikea runs, grab something to go! Call ahead!I've ordered from this location plenty of times. I love their chicken avocado salad, all of their belly buster fries and their turkey wrap. I admit sometimes the food is inconsistent but overall my boyfriend and I love this place and we can't help but to continue ordering.I've read a lot of reviews about this place and looked at the Facebook page where everyone raves about the food, but my experience (with the food) was awful. The staff was very friendly and the place very clean, but the food really wasn't good. We got a large plain pizza and a ham and cheese hoagie. The pizza had little flavor and we did not care for the sauce. The hoagie was also way below par. Maybe we just chose the wrong items or hit them on a bad day, I don't know. To top it all off, my boyfriend's lips are swelling like he ate shellfish (that he's allergic to) but we didn't order any shellfish, and I just got sick. All in all, Uncle Oogie's is a failure in my book. We won't be back.I've eaten from here a few times. I've had their mozzarella sticks, the veggie wrap, cheese pizza and old Italian pizza. I liked the mozzarella sticks and cheese pizza.  I wasn't a fan of the veggie wrap.  It was half the size of a normal wrap, too expensive for half a wrap, and a little too oily for me.  But, my absolute favorite is the old Italian pizza!! We ordered a pie at work and we all LOVED IT!  I had GREAT gourmet pizza in a restaurant in New Jersey, and I haven't been able to find it here, until Uncle Oogie's!  Our office will definitely order from them again!recently started offering a great vegan menu, my fave is the buffalo chicken cheese steak.  good prices, delivery within an hour, pleasant staff.The old Italian is the best pie. I dare you to find a better one in Philly. The one in sea isle is the bestI'm a fan of the original and this location is only like two blocks from where I'm currently renting so that was a plus firstoff Everything so far has been great just like Oregon. I even have a newfound favorite in an old friend: boli buns! Get. Them. Kay?Nice little restaurant, with two locations in south philly and one down the shore.  
Very dependable delivery, decent selection of pizzas and sandwiches.  Not a bad place to order from.  The chicken cheese steak in particular is delicious.Biko buns and old Italian pizza are amazing.  We always get the cheesesteak boil buns.  The bubba fries are really good too and the veggie sandwich.  Pretty much everything is amazing.  The regular pizza is just okay, but the old Italian and buffalo are great.Our first experience with Uncle Oogies was at their recently closed location in Pennsport.  Our second was at the new location on Snyder Ave, where we had breakfast sandwiches & coffee - both excellent.  However, third time was not a charm. We ordered for pick up: a veggie burger and a ham and cheese hoagie.  What a huge disappointment.  The veggie burger was liquid mush with a bad taste. The hoagie left my husband wanting for more since it was remarkably smaller than one we had gotten at the Pennsport location.This is not your typical take-out pizza joint. Between the quality of the food, the service, and the menu options, I am a big fan of this place. 
While the menu items may look typical, it is not. They offer many/most of their items gluten-free. I don't eat gluten-free, but many people do. It is a nice touch.
At first bite, you can tell they use higher quality ingredients. From the cheese, to the dough, to the sauce, it is noticeably higher quality than other places.
I have not gotten catering from here, but I did from their other location. They were responsive, the food was ready on time, and was a big hit from the people at my party. 
There is seating, so you can easily have a peaceful meal here.
Staff is always friendly.
I no longer live in the area, but when I do, I sometimes order from here. They are that good.
I have not noticed any difference in quality between this location and their other one.Went in for a pick up today , the cheese steak was delicious but pretty small. The white pizza was a little garlicky. And the fries were a small order,  I usually order from uncle oogies and am never disappointed.I placed an order via Grub Hub at 11:30, it did not arrive until 2:19. Almost 3 hours for a wrap and some jalapeño poppers. The food was good (although by the time it arrived it was only slightly above room temperature). That seems to be a common trend in these reviews, good food, but lunch time delivery is abysmal. I can attest to that!This place just opened.  It apparently is pretty large and is BYO in shop.  I ordered delivery. 
I got the Old Italian Pizza.  Typically, I order from City Pizza but I think I have found my new go-to pizza place in South Philly.  The Old Italian is a well seasoned square pizza with awesome breadstick like crust.  The sauce is a plum tomato based sauce and a perfect balance of sweetness and fresh tomato taste.  The pizza has a pretty decent amount of seasoning which could bug some people but personally i thought it was awesome.  
The employee who answered the phone was very friendly and the delivery took about 40 minutes.The Old Italian is one of the best pies  in the Philly area ! Keep up the amazing work.So glad I stopped here! I only had a credit card with me on work travel and luckily they take card! I got the barnyard cheesesteak (with steak, chicken, and bacon!) and the kitchen sink dessert. Both were amazing! The sub was gone before I got to take a picture haha. Very friendly service and love that it's a family run place, you can tell everyone is happy to be working there. Can't wait to visit Philly again!I am so happy that Oogie's had this new, amazing vegan menu! It is so nice to see authentic, South Philadelphian vegan options and this company made a strategic (& compassionate) choice to begin offering vegan pizza! We will definitely be coming back! The pizza and vegan cheesesteak were off the chain and very affordable! Also, s/o to the very nice staff at the Snyder location!
Looking forward to our next visit! Opening up to the vegan community is brilliant!Every time I order from this East location I am disappointed. Their food never comes out like when I order from the West location in South Philadelphia. Tonight my Better Hawaiian barely had any bacon. The bacon it did have was in fatty chunks instead of a blanket of crispy crumbles ALL over as I get from the West location.Love their vegan menu! I am not too big on buffalo chicken, but their vegan buffalo chicken cheesesteak is too good. 
And they have great customer service. I ordered to-go and once I got home, I realized that something was wrong. I called them (a few mins after 11 pm), and they immediately said they'd come and deliver my order to the house, no charge! This was very much appreciated. 
Thank you!!!Order from here all the time. Great cheese steaks and fries and delivery is always faster than expected.GLUTEN FREE ROLLS is all I can say about this amazing place. I have been dying for a real hoagie and their are a select few of spots that can accommodate. Oogies is awesome, staff are great and the food is really incredible for a pizza shop. Nothing greasy that makes you feel awful after. My tuna grinder was perfect and perfectly warm with extra pickles. Can't wait to go back.OMG!!! Stop everything you're doing and go to Uncle Oogie's!!! They just launched an extensive vegan menu and it's AMAZING!! I just tried the vegan buffalo chicken pizza complete with vegan ranch or vegan blue cheese sauce! We also tried their buffalo chicken cheesesteak! BOTH WERE SO GOOD!!! Their customer service is excellent as well!!! Will definitely be frequenting this place often!WHAT HAPPENED? I ordered a pizza at 6:45 and it didn't arrive until 8:20pm. This is not my first time ordering and I've usually been very pleased with Uncle Oogie's. Now my husband has to put a cold pizza in the oven, in which case, we could've just made one from scratch.
***AND my husband's Pepsi was flat straight out of the bottle
Long wait, cold food, old fries, flat Pepsi.
So disappointed. Will not be ordering again.The two girls at the front counter we're very polite personable. The cheese steak was delicious. I only am in the area for work, but I will stop back in again next time I'm around.Too busy for their own good on Fridays.  Good pizza, poor service.  If the wait for pick-up is going to be 50 minutes, don't tell me a half hour.  Figure it out.Oogie's is a "please everyone" type of place. Burgers, chicken tenders, hoagies, wraps, pizza, pasta, cheesesteaks, fries and so on. Their delivery is fast. I mean that. Really. Super. Fast.
They area also cool with accommodating the insane whims of my pregnant wife. 
ME: "Would you guys be able to make a turkey hoagie with avocado, black olives, with mozzarella sticks shoved in it?"
OOGIE'S: "Yea, we can do that. lol"
So, Oogie's, you've on my affection. You're just a reliable south philly pizza place with a lot to offer, including affable staff. Keep it up.I'm a regular here but they are terribly inconsistent. They do some things well and others they should just remove from their menu entirely. Pizza and steaks are good *usually*.  Steer clear of the other subs. Delivery ranges between lightning fast and painfully slow.I've only ever had their pizza and boli buns, but both of them are good enough that they're my go-to place for delivery. We get the megaroni pizza when we don't mind using paper towels to absorb some of the grease, and it lives up to its name.We attempted to try Uncle Oogie's (East) for a second time this evening, and our meal was just as bad as the first try. Uncle Oogie's (East) is NOT the same quality as Uncleo Oogie's on Oregon. We liked the idea that it was closer to us. Convenience! 
However, the first time we ordered from Uncle Oogies East, it was buffalo chicken salads. They were no where near  the same quality or ratio of lettuce to toppings. It seemed to have less  non-lettuce items, hardly any tomatoes or chicken, and the crunchy delicious, made-fresh-every-day deep fried tortilla like strips were almost non-existent. I love love love this salad and never had a bad one until purchasing at Uncle Oogie's East.
Tonight we ordered a take out meal of sweet potato fries and chicken fingers. One of the chicken fingers was raw, and the sweet potato seemed steamed and not fried. We opened the sweet potato fries package in the car driving the 5 minute ride home and you couldn't even pick one up because the broke in half. I took a video of the tries and will be going back to U. O East tomorrow to show them. I believe they did fry them, however because they don't let them fry long enough, and then sit out a second before putting them in the styrofoam container, the fries end up steaming themselves. They could prevent this by cutting a small steam vent in the corner of the container.
We arrived at U.O.E. 25-25 minutes after we ordered, and it is a 5 minute drive home, so I cannot believe it is because the food was sitting around for a long time. When we called, they stated that it would take 15-20 minutes for the order to be complete.
I'm not sure if I will give them another chance. I know this location just opened, but they are two for two.
Also, their service was very slow this time. I could see they were preparing orders, and here was no one in the restaurant. However I waited a good 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me. When she did it was as if it was chore. Definitely NOT like their other location where you almost feel like family when you pick up an order.We ordered a large hoagie tray on Tuesday. It was the smallest large hoagie tray I have ever seen and pricey considering there were only about 7-8 hoagies on it.  When it was delivered we notice that they did not give us condiments on the side which we requested, when we called back the customer service was pretty poor considering they said oh well you need to request those, a) they were requested b) do you really need to request them?  Needless to say I will not order from there ever again.My boyfriend and I order delivery from here fairly often and it's always great. The food is good. It usually arrives in a reasonable amount of time, and the delivery guy is pleasant.
My problem with Uncle Oogies is with the women who take orders, and it really is bad enough to give them only one star, even though I do like the food. 
I get ignored completely every time I go to this place. They will  take my boyfriend's order, then just walk away from the counter and ignore me. When my boyfriend has gotten his food, and I'm still standing at the counter waiting to order, they might come and say "Oh, did you need something else?"  They will stand in the back, where I can't make eye contact and get their attention. Honestly it feels like they are just pretending to be too busy to deal with me.
I've even had them roll their eyes at me like they don't understand why I'm still there, and then lean to the side to take an order from the guy standing behind me in line. 
I wish that I could continue believing that this is a mistake, and that they didn't realize that I wanted to order too, but it has happened too many times. I'm not sure why they do this to me, or if it happens to other people too, but I think it's really petty and rude.
I genuinely like the food at Uncle Oogies, but in my experience the service is so enraging that it's not worth it, unless you're willing to pay for delivery.Now THIS place has awesome food! Their pizza is excellent and their cheesesteaks are even better. Everytime I even got food from here the staff always were kind to me and made sure I was being waited on.I think their food is OK nothing above the other ordinary pizza spots in the city.  I want to patronize them and give them my business since they are near my home.  However, their consistent up selling (aka asking me if I want their soup or desserts)  is so so so annoying.  If I want soup or a dessert I will order it.  If that's your focus open a cafe that serves soup and cake.  You have to focus to succeed.  Please take this advise and think seriously about it so your business can survive!  Again I want you to do well so take this feedback and work on the issues I am sharing with you.  Your new focus should be on delivering your food in a timely matter.  Frankly, 70 minutes should not be acceptable to you and it is not acceptable to your customers.   Then decide are you running a pizza/hoagie place or a soup/dessert cafe?  This tune up will help you a lot.  I'm sure whatever business you decide to go with will do well if you focus.  You seem to be nice people who work hard and serve good food.  Good Luck!Amazing vegan buffalo stromboli - they use the new formulation of Follow Your Heart vegan cheese - and darn good seitan wings. Great vegan pizza (I assume the non-veg is also good). Separate vegan menu. Extremely knowledgeable and gracious servers, roomy seating and a big parking lot to park in. Put it all together and Uncle Oogies is a vegan pizza lover's dream. This is a terrific, homey place to hang out in South Philly, especially when there's a sporting event on their big screen TV.  Definitely a place I'll return to many times.This is definitely one of my favorite spots in south philly. I lived down here for many years and tried many different pizza joints but this one is one of my favorites! I adore the cheesesteaks they are phenomenal and always made just right. The pizza is always delicious as well! The inside part is nice and I have ate there several times and the staff is very nice and welcoming. We have made this our #1 take out place!The food is so gross. The concept of also having the vegan menu really drew me in. (It still does, just not here!) The food was sooo gross I am actually regretting not taking pictures to prove it. My boyfriend the meat eater is surprisingly the one who couldn't eat his food. He ordered 'boneless wings' and curly fries. His wings were the strangest looking pieces of boneless wings (a reason why I do not eat meat-- They were mystery meat!) I can't even describe how they looked, but picture a boneless wing-it was not that. Idk thinking back now maybe they mixed up the order and were the vegan ones. I ordered vegan wings and the vegan Hot Hawaiian pizza. It was garbage vegan food that you can pull from your freezer and heat in the oven. The only thing we *tried* to eat was the pizza and even that was awful :-( Extra charge for celery and 'blue cheese' (the blue cheese was also a mystery tbh) and actually maybe the celery was the only edible thing. $40.00 went in my trash literally, yes our total for four things plus the wing sides was $40.00. I can't believe a business is fine with serving 'food' such as that. I'll probably never recover from that monstrosityAverage pizza shop.  Service was so-so.  The cashier was looking at her phone or talking to the other cashier.  She actually asked me if I wanted the slices I ordered heated up.  Do people order pizza cold a lot?  That was a little odd.  Pizza was average as well.  The cooks kept coming out front and looking around, which felt a little bizarre as well.  Not a spot I would seek out to go to.  And the Uncle Oogie's in Sea Isle definitely has way better service, food and friendliness.I'm a regular here but they are terribly inconsistent. They do some things well and others they should just remove from their menu entirely. Pizza and steaks are good *usually*.  Steer clear of the other subs. Delivery ranges between lightning fast and painfully slow.I may be the biggest fan of this business! My love started with vegetable 'boli buns (stromboli made into little buns). I went to a party once and they had ordered a party tray with an assortment of 'boli buns in it. Being a vegetarian I only tried the vegetable ones and that was all that I needed. Sometimes I can dislike a stromboli since the ends are crunchy but toward the middle the dough is too soft and soggy. The boli buns alleviate this issue because they are smaller and cooked perfectly. My husband always has a chicken cheesesteak and says that they are one of his favorites! 
Recently I noticed that they had a vegan menu and even a day where they were giving out free vegan pizzas for people to try. My friends had a vegan pizza and raved about it. I tried a vegan buffalo chicken cheesesteak and it was so amazing that I ordered it the next week. It has now become a ritual of my house to order from Uncle Oogies on Friday nights and at this point the girl that works at the front desk knows what to expect for our order. This place has never disappointed me and it's great for carnivores-vegetarians-and vegans alike! 
P.S.A.- THEY HAVE CURLY FRIES AND MELTED AMERICAN CHEESE (you're welcome)Well I've been there 3 times. 1st. visit I ordered 3 sandwiches. When I got home 19 miles away, there were only 2 sandwiches in the bag. Didn't call to report it. 2nd. visit ordered 1 sandwich, 2 hot wings and 3 fries. Got home found only 2 fries in the bag. This time I called, they took my number & said next time give my number to then it's in the system and you will get a order of fries @ no charge. Yesterday wife decided she liked their wings went there. So since I was there I gave my number and said I was told to give my number because there was an order of fries missing last time. Cashier's face went from already half listening to dark and not listening at all, said that number is not in the system. Then another lady came said, they may have misheard a digit. It's. person was acting like I was there to get over on them for a free fry. This time we ordered 3 orders of hot wings. Costing $40. When I saw the girl who started to work on my order face and grimace I thought about canceling order but didn't. Got home nearly there were no sauce and wasn't ever spicy hot. I ate it not knowing. My wife having had it before said last time it wasn't like this. It was covered in red sauce... anyway they stuck it to me because I told them I will not be returning anymore. This is the true character of this place that is ran by bunch of nearly teenagers.I had two plain slice of pizza.    I was very disappointed with the cheese.   It was way too greasy and runny.   
Literally,  the pizza itself had more grease than a pizza with pepperoni.   It was that bad.   I gave it two stars only because it was hot and fresh.  Luckily my employers paid for lunch.   The tomato sauce or grave whatever you call it was just enough to let you know its there.   
I wouldn't buy from the menu that has mozzarella  cheese that's for sure.SAVE YOUR MONEY! !!! If I could give less than one start I WOULD!!!! The food is always HORRIBLE. I only get french fries and mozzarella sticks and some how they even mess that up! I only order from this place because of where I'm located it's either this or Chinese and after a 14 hour shift, I just want fried goodness. My simple order is never right and it's really disappointing when everyone else on here talks about their "great customer service" which I call BS. Don't bother about special modifications! They'll just say they don't know what you're talking about as they talk about you while you're "on hold." They went into my credit card charge, adjusted my payment for an item AND THEN NEVER SENT IT!!! Really, just go to wawa!! It's 3 blocks further and CHEAPER!!! I'd even walkUncle Oogies is the best pizza place in South Philly and South Jersey (Sea Isle City). The restaurants are always clean and well maintained.  The employees are friendly, polite, knowledgeable, and willing to assist.  
Their menu is amazing; I love love love their wings, boli buns, pizza, hoagies, salads, fries, etc. All of the food is amazing, homemade, and made-to-order.  Their delivery is super fast, too.  
I would highly recommend their wings, breakfast pizza, upside down pizza, Old Italian pizza, Italian hoagies, cheese steaks - the works, chicken caesar wraps, their Bubba fries, etc.  All of the food is fantastic.....a good meal will be had by all!
I must admit that I eat there atleast 3 times a week. Love Uncle Oogies!  Keep up the great work.One of my to go quick neighborhood delivery. I usually get delivery from them and they typically would deliver my food about 15-30 mins earlier than schedule. 
My go to food from them is the garlic knots, spaghetti and meatballs, and their chicken salad. From time to time I also like their Hawaiian and pizzazz pizza. I've also tried their cheesesteaks.
I've haven't been disappointed by them yet. Taste have been pretty consistent and I think their price is fairly reasonable for their portions as well. 
I've been ordering from them for years so I doubt that I'd stop any time soon.Decent pizza. The old Italian pizza is definitely the way to go. Fries and mozzarella sticks are decent too. I recently ordered a chicken cheesesteak and that was just okay. Once ordered boneless wings, they were terrible. I'll be sticking with the pizza. Delivery is usually pretty quick too which is great.I was a frequent customer but I will not be returning. I walked in today with my mom for a quick bite. I ordered a salad with spinach as the main ingredient. I sat down and as I started to dress my salad. I went to sprinkle some salt on top, only to be warned by my mom that I was covering my salad in garlic powder. The salt and garlic powder are in the exact same shaker and neither is labeled. As someone who works in the restaurant industry I hate to inconvenience the staff and lucky for me only the top layer of my salad was ruined. I simply asked if they could take my chicken and put it on a new bed of spinach as I made a simple mistake and loaded my salad up with garlic powder. The waitress promptly returned and told me that I would have to buy a whole new salad and there was nothing they could do. The service staff was excellent in this case as I could tell they felt bad. I just find it to be poor customer service that the manager on duty refused to do so much  as meet me half way in resolving my issue. He didn't even offer to charge me for just a side of spinach. Had the garlic powder been in a different shaker or even so much as labeled this problem could have been avoided. It was my mistake as much as the restaurants which is why I didn't demand a fresh salad or my money back. There won't be a next time because this experience made me very aware that Uncle Oogie's isn't willing to work with customers to make sure their experience is as enjoyable as possible.This place will never get your order right . The food will literally arrive cold as well.BEST CHEESESTEAK IN PHILLY!!!!  By far...
Quality meat & juicy... I'll take quality over quantity any dayDelicious and great vegan options ! I'm addicted to their pizza! I order from uncle Oogie's at least once a week. If there's ever any problems, they are quick to fix things! Fast delivery too. Thank you uncle Oogie's!So
I was referred to this place cause I'm not from the area. We ordered 20 buffalo wings that came up to $20+.  Looks good, nice size, neatly packaged. But the most bland wings I've ever ordered. It's like they forgot the seasoning. Even with the blue cheese, the wings still taste like I was chewing on my nails. I only order once from this place so I can't speak for their reputation, but my experience was terrible 
I couldn't even finish themOrdered food at 9. Called around 9:55 no answer, they close at 10. it's 10:44 never got our food. I called the restaurant 3 times they never answered. This is the 2nd time this happened. Never ordering again.I love Oogies and go a lot.  Yesterday we ordered breakfast pizza and the tomatoes were bad!!!  Like they all tasted turned.  Not happy.The salad was nice and big, perfect for a meal. The cheese fries were cheese sauce and curly fries, hit the spot!I've started ordering pizza from here . And I have no complaints. You get the pie the way you asked for it . And  they come piping hot and very tasty .I was sitting at this place waiting for my order when I watched an employee, under instructions from a long-haired blonde manager with glasses, pull pepperonis off a pizza they had baked wrong. They then proceeding to put VEGGIE toppings on it, pack it up, and send it out for a delivery. Disgusting. What if that customer had a food allergy? You're risking your restaurant getting sued, for ONE pizza. Never ordering from here again.This is the one of my favorite pizza spots in Philly. Their old Italian (I hate being cliche) is the real deal. I mean seriously the closet thing to New York style grandmas pie I have had outside of New York. Their cheese steaks are great too ...for "pizzeria steaks" they hang with the best of them. The customer service is always great and my delivery is always on time. Their fries  , salads , sandwiches, and I mean everything is fresh and tasty. Everytime in the area I get a pie and a sandwich from uncle oogies... a neighborhood favorite. A must have if you are in south Philly !!Ordered here a couple of months ago and forgot to review. Anyways, I remember ordering the boneless wings here... I didn't like how the wings were cut and shaped. The sauces used were kind of bland too (barbeque and buffalo). They do give you a nice portion for the money but it just wasn't easy for me to eat at all. 
Delivery was quick though and these guys always run around so I'll give them that. I still gotta try out other things on the menu to really see how these guys are. However, I ordered twice before (ordered spaghetti before which was just mainly marinara) and it was just OK normal typical pizza shop food that you would expect. For this reason I have to give these guys a 3 star rating.I've tried this place before and the pasta, etc was good. Got two pizzas tonight.. a regular cheese and saw one that was listed as a South Philly tradition. As you see in the photo it's suppose to have cherry tomatoes, mine has regular sliced tomatoes. And it tastes like hard cardboard. Definitely disappointedOogie's has the best pizza for the price. I don't think you can find a better deal.  Their Stromboli and desserts are good too.Since it was the Eagles preseason game, we wanted pizza and wings. My bf wanted a chicken sandwich. When the ordered was delivered, the delivery guy made a smart comment to my dad who didn't even know we ordered food. The breaded chicken cutlets was either over fried or it was old and refried again. The wings barely has sauce and the steak Stromboli was dried. Their cheese thin crust pizza was probably the only thing that was good. Oh and the wings were a good size and not like those unfed tiny wing.I ... am a big fan now. What is this mysterious pizza place near Target? And they deliver? AND they have an all vegan menu available??
Yup, this South Philly (originally shore, I believe?) pizza joint has both your omnis and your veggies covered with lots of great options. The vegan pizza menu is creative (buffalo "chicken" pizza with blue cheeze on the side!), and there are wings available, along with strombolis and other goodies. I'm quite curious to try their boli buns ... from what I can tell, it sounds like a stromboli but vastly better.
For delivery, if you're East of Broad, order from this location, west of Broad, order from the West side location. This location also has plenty of seating, which is great for a pre/post Target-run refueling or before a movie down Columbus ave. Easy to park in the parking lot too!I consider myself a true pizza snub. Pizza is my favorite food in earth, but I'm often disappointed in sub par pizza from so many pizza spots.
I Ordered a number of pizzas from this place to drop off to a local business. Had never been here before, but it was close to where I was going.
This pizza was absolutely fantastic! Thin crust but with body. The crust itself was delicious, and I'm saying that as someone who frequently makes their own.
I bought plain, mushroom & onion, and a white spinach.  All were outstanding. My favorite was the white pie - super garlicky.
The prices are great too.
This is now one of my (very few)  go to pizza spots when I can't/don't make me own.Great service and food! Enjoyed all the food we ordered. Lots of great items on the menu, including vegan options.[606]
Had takeout.
Tried the cheesesteak with provolone.  Unfortunately my fried onions were missing.
When I opened it I was bit worried as the wrapper was a little greasy but luckily we ate our sandwiches soon after purchase.
They were ok.