Uncle nicks makes by far the best buffalo chicken pizza in this city! My second favorite is the Turkey Hoagie! Uncle Nicks is definitely worth a visit if you don't live in the brewery town area and if you do live here this is a place you should be eating at now!The pizza is decent, but severely overpriced. I'm sorry, but $3.50 for a single slice of pizza just doesn't make sense. 
Not to mention Uncle Nick himself is not a pleasant guy by any means. While I sat and ate my overpriced pizza, he felt it was necessary to reprimand his employees for being late to work. Right in front of me. It was very awkward, and was definitely the icing on the cake. 
As I said, the food is good. However, the atmosphere and prices don't justify it. I will not be back.All cards on the table, we were trying to go to Spot Burger and it was closed. It was raining, we had just been drinking at Crime & Punishment and Uncle Nick's was literally the first place we saw. Chance may have brought us there, but a good experience will bring us back. 
My husband and I ended up splitting the Uncle Nick's Stromboli which had sausage, pepper, onion, pepperoni, sauce and cheese. It was definitely the perfect size for sharing, or a great size if you want half your meal for leftovers. 
Our Stromboli was made to order, not some previously made Stromboli sitting around waiting for someone to order it. After the due diligence of preparation, it came out of the oven nice and hot. The green peppers tasted fresh, not frozen and really stood out to me. The proportions of fillings were on point. 
During our dine-in visit, there were several others that came in for takeout orders. These folks had a rapport with the staff and were clearly regulars. With five-million pizza places in this city, that really counts for something for me. 
I'm the first one to trash the typical mediocre (non-gourmet) pizza in the city. This pizza shop has a great potential to be my solid, traditional Italian food game changer. They deliver and hopefully I'm within that radius to give them another try. If not, there's always the post C&P Italian food run.I ordered based on the reviews and was not impressed by the pizza. It was not handmade and tasted salty and premade, not fresh. However the cheesesteaks were delicious. Lots of meat and best of all "NO GRISTLE ". I give three stars based on the order being correct and the steaksThe toppings are grilled before going on the pizza. The pie is the largest and fullest in the neighborhood. You can taste the sauce which is thick with ingredients and flavor. They don't skimp on the toppings and cheese. The delivery always brings it hot. The wings are really good, but not the best. They are well worth the price, though. The sandwiches are awesome. No complaints there. Who takes the orders now? It's so hard to communicate with this person. You can never tell if the order has been taken correctly. I have had 3 out of ten small mistakes with this particular person. The owner needs to take a good look at this. If no change the next review will be 2 stars.Great pizza and the owner is really friendly. It's my new go-to pizza joint. Still need to try the wings and other things on the menu, but based on just the pizza, I'll be going back again and again.This place is fantastic. The owner gives the best service imaginable and cares about making a fantastic pizza. We walked in for the first time before he opened as he tested different dough's and sauces with his new oven. He landed on the perfect recipe!
We are so happy they moved to our neighborhood. Also great value!
THANKS!The pizza was excellent,  staff was friendly.  The only issue were the fries,  it tasted like the oil wasn't changed in some time since the fries tasted like chicken.Really great pizza. Really great service. I came here with my family who was visiting from out of town. I live in the neighborhood but hadn't found the time to make out this way. I got the buffalo chicken pizza which had REAL chicken on it btw. Nice huge chunks. My bf got the BBQ chicken pizza and my family shared a meatlovers pizza. Everyone enjoyed the food. 
Harry was great on service and really friendly. Definitely cares about the business and the customers.Buffalo wings were fried as hard as a brick. Called the owner and his response was less than what you would expect for customers who patronize his establishment frequently. How can you tell a customer the food wasn't over fried because you fried them and not even offer to replace the food?  Bad experiences means less customers eventually Nick!Uncle Nick's is a gem.  Don't expect your upscale, self-congratulatory, urban-chic pie; this is a pizza that doesn't pretend, and doesn't need to.  A friendly, dependable neighborhood pizza joint making excellent neighborhood pizza is something that you don't always find, and Uncle Nick's does it.  
My gal and I tend to eat vegetarian or vegan as much as possible, and Uncle Nick's veggie pizza is worth getting excited about:  tons of vegetables on top, just the right amounts of cheese and tomato sauce, a crust that is both doughy and crispy, and what seems like less salt than most other pizza places (which I think is an under-valued but important part of a good pizza).      
A dirty secret:  we're not perfect vegetarians, and every once in a while we break down and eat meat.  The buffalo chicken pizza here is one of those things that makes us cave.  The generous slices of chicken are juicy, the buffalo sauce is in good proportion.  Very, very solid and oh-so-decadent after a month or two without animal flesh.My roommate and I decided to split a large cheese pizza about two weeks after Uncle Nick's had opened.
We walked in and were immediately greeted by Harry, who turned out to be the owner of the shop. The shop was modest, clean and neat, while Harry was both attentive and friendly.
More importantly, the pizza was awesome. Thin crust formed from fresh dough with a tasty sauce and real mozzarella. 
Since that initial visit, i've gone back to Little Nick's on several occasions and have yet to be dissapointed. I highly recommend the chicken bacon ranch pizza...super tasty. The 5 dollar stromboli/soda deal makes for a solid lunch and I don't get that "itis" feeling you get when eating breadier pizzas.
If you're looking for a good pizza spot in Brewerytown, you'll find one in Uncle Nick'sJust got this delivery.  Quick delivery.  Pizza is honestly perfect.  I've been in Fairmount for awhile and this is Lazos with less grease.  High praise.Called in my order. Showed up but apparently they just forgot.  Should have done delivery because they don't seem to forget those.Hot, fresh, tastey pizza! As an added bonus it's right in my back yard. Highly recommended!Dont know what everyone else sees, this place is not good. Pizza is average at best. 
Ive only had pizza slices and the 2 eggs and meat platter. Like I said, the slices were average at best. The breakfast platter was sub par. I ordered over medium and the order slip said over easy, the bacon was burnt, the toast was soggy with a slight crisp around the edges, home fries??? No, its a heap of potato mush. I can get the same if not better a block up the street at sunnyside diner (chopstick and fork) for 2 dollars less. Positives...they are open later than other places in the are and they have yummy cinnamon rolls on the counter for free. At best Ill go here when Im hungry late night and nothing else is open...luigis on fairmount will remain my top pizza spot.Stopped here on my way home to try this place out. I ordered the small ground beef an it was a little pricey 13.50. I usually pay that for a large around my way. I felt like they pizza could have used more cheese an my boyfriend wasn't fond of how chopped up the ground beef was. The pizza was ok an had a good crust. May give it another try.Let's be honest, I eat lots of chicken wings, pizza, and strombolis.
Uncle Nick's has the best in all these categories - freshest and most delicious. Starting with wings, they are meaty, saucy, spicy and delicious - honestly the best I've had anywhere around Philly. My only quibble is they don't have an "extra hot" or "wild!" wing sauce option - if they did, I'd order it.
I haven't tried everything on the menu - have stuck to spinach pizza, meat lover's pizza, cheese and white strombolis, and wings. But they are all basically perfect. Like I said above: it just tastes fresh. Unlike other pizza joints, if you go bonkers and eat a whole pizza, I don't feel like I'm recovering from a poisoning the next day. Must be the ingredients.
Service is friendly and great. If only there were more places on Girard Avenue like this.The Buffalo chicken pizza is the BEST! The french fries are always crispy and delicious. Harry and Ashley are so sweet and make each visit the most amazing! Definitely worth a visit every time! We bring this pizza to every party!This is ridiculously great pizza.  It's not the place where you are looking for the perfect crust or the perfect ingredients to award your "best pizza in Philly".  It is the best overall "go to" pizza in Philly.  Consistently tasty, awesome people helping you out, and just friendly. I've had so many friends rave about this pizza as it's just phenomenal normal pizza.Such good pizza, sammies everything. There was time before Uncle Nick's was on Girard. So glad those days are behind us.
Best plain slice I've had I think. Everything that comes across that counter is outstanding.
Love the speciality slices, buff chicks esp if it's cooled behind the glass for a little bit and heated back up. My mouth is watering just thinking about it and it's 7:30am on a Sunday.These guys definitely make a tasty pie.  I'm kind of a pizza snob, mainly only like Nonna's recipe.  This slice gave her a run for her money for sure.  I'm impressed,  will for sure eat here again.Favorite pizza in Brewerytown! Even the crust is the best. The veggie pizza is phenomenal and very fresh.Nick's is my favorite pizza shop in the neighborhood. Whether it's the pizza, hoagies, Stromboli, or special of the night I can tell quality ingredients are used and the owner takes pride in his food. My personal favorites are the steak stromboli and tuna hoagie. If you're looking to try a pizza shop on girard this is the definite go to.We finally tried this local pizzeria, & all day breakfast spot not far from us.  We had delivery which arrived as anticipated, but the real prize was the food.  A truly excellent veggie pizza, the sauce was robust, the veggies plentiful, and the crust was perfection.  Accompanying this was an Italian hoagie - really delicious and worth the caloric intake!  And then there was the house salad with chicken - easily enough for two or even three.  So we can only say - what took us so long to experience this Brewerytown gem?  Next we have got to try their breakfast menu.  If it is anything like their regular menu - we're in for a treat!  So try Uncle Nick's on Girard - you won't regret it.The best down the street pizza shop you could ask for. Pizza is consistently declious along with the rest of the menu. They also have great hours on the weekend for the late night crowd. Hands down one of the best pizza shops I've been to.Sorry to the other pizza shops out there, Michelle P. is off the market. After years of searching for a good traditional pizzeria in Philly, I've finally found an exceptional one in Uncle Nick's. Now my original four-star rating was good, but I needed to come back and give Uncle Nick's the glowing five stars and heaping praise they deserve. 
I've been back once since my initial visit and had delivery a few times. This pizza is legit good. Great tomato sauce, slightly chewy-slightly crisp crust, great proportions of cheese and super fresh veggies. The price point is great as well. 
They are so nice there in the store too. All the employees seem hardworking and down to earth. Great food and nice employees...what more would you want from a pizza shop? 
Uncle Nick's Pizza might not realize it, but we are going steady.Best pizza in fairmount the owners takes great pride in all the food try it you love itI was very excited to find another pizza place crop up in the neighborhood! Incredible selection (in addition to pizza) and friendly staff!
Uncle Nick's will not disappoint. I'm generally a "brick-oven" kind of guy but I need my classic jumbo pizza pie once in a while. If you're from the area and enjoy Angelino's, you're bound to enjoy Uncle Nick's. 
The dough is just the right thickness and delicious alone. The toppings and cheese hold nicely and make for an excellent bite. This isn't that type of pizza that you pick up a slice and everything just slides off the bread. 
Of the sides, I've tried the mozzarella sticks and jalepeño poppers. I've had a lot of mozz sticks and these are some of the best. The fried crust isn't some cheap, flaky generic kind. As for the jalepeño poppers, they're just what I want - half a jalepeño filled with a cheesy concoction and fried. Amazing. The marinara sauce they provide for dipping is also spot on.
Give Uncle Nick's a try!Uncle Nicks has the best pizza I have ever tasted!! Not only is the pizza delicious, but the other things I've tried on the menu are great too. When I go in, the vibe is very inviting and the counter girl is extremely sweet. Don't just take my word for it, go find out for yourself. I cam guarantee you won't be disappointed!I would love to give an another star, however I have picked up three chicken cheese steaks, three different times, each with three different results.  One day as great, one was decent, and one was somewhere in the middle. The bufflo wings were pretty good though. Good size pieces
The pizza is consistent, but not my favorite for the 5 or so to choose from within a mile, nor is it the cheapest; however, it is the closest, therefore Uncle Nicks has won the hunger games on a few occasions.Tried calling Uncle Nicks numerous times last night to order a pie for pick up. I have no idea what the issue was but the call wouldn't go through so we decided to just walk there and place our order. When we arrived, the owner Harry was on the phone and we told the counter girl we've been trying to call to place an order but could not get through. We were then basically yelled at by Harry that we were prank calling and tying up his phone line-therefore he had called the police. Wanting to avoid any type of altercation we walked out immediately and walked next door to Pizza Dad's where we were treated wonderfully and didn't mind the 15 minute wait. I've been to Uncle Nicks many times because I love a good New York style pizza but I do not love the rude way that we were treated. I was so unhappy about it that I immediately wrote a review of my experience to only be called soon after by Harry asking me to delete my review and that it was all a misunderstanding. I am all about customer service and the whole situation rubbed me the wrong way. I don't know if we will be back which is unfortunate because we live a couple blocks away and would always recommend it to neighbors in my building and grab a pizza anytime we had friends/family visiting.The veggie pizza was fresh and delicious. The staff was fun, accommodating and made for a great experience although we were only carrying out. Thanks for the slices, Uncle Nicks!Uncle Nicks has solid NY style pizza. I'm from New York and have had some pretty awesome pizzas, and Nicks definitely knows what they're doing. Highly recommend on this side of Philadelphia! Fast delivery and friendly service, can't go wrong!Fantastic just what the area needs good hot slightly oily pizza, all that I've tasted has been good. Even the pancakesThese guys are a great neighborhood pizza. I like the whole pies the best, slices are OK. I think that's just the way pizza by the slice goes, though.
Their breakfast is just as good as the pies!Haven't tried the pizza yet, but super excited there's now a place that serves breakfast sandwiches that early in the morning this close to my house! They have pork roll, which is a huge bonus. The sandwich is HUGE and tasty. The owner is really nice. Can't wait to try the pizza, etc. soon.This is by far my favorite place to get pizza in Philadelphia. Slices are generous and the buffalo chicken pizza is made with high-quality actual chicken breast! Perfect ratio of crust sauce cheese etc. and I know my pizza because I'm from North Jersey. Amazing and everyone is super friendly! Go there!Uncle Nicks hand made fresh pizza and ingredients made
Daily. Very clean inside and they take your order fast and they deliver pretty quick too. Very friendly service and the food nice and hot and delicious. So if you want some hot delicious pizza and food just try Uncle Nicks Pizza.
You will thank me later.No one in brewery town has better pizza. They are friendly and the food is fresh. Prices are normal for a pizza joint. I am so glad they are here I was sick of lazos attitude and Italian express and they're bland pizza. I haven't tried anything but the pizza so this review is just for the pizza.Was excited to have a new restaurant in the area, but this one missed the mark. I ordered a sausage pizza and a green pepper pizza, neither were great. I believe you can tell a lot about a pizza place by what kind of sausage they put on their pizza. Uncle Nicks used the round quarter slices. Not a good sign at the start and the taste didn't make up for it. Dough was alright. 
I would say it's better than Little Caesar's but not worth the price. I'm sticking with Lazo's on 26th and Poplar, at least when ordering pizza.The staff here is always friendly, polite and quick! The prices are reasonable, the food always tastes great and delicious, the specialty pizzas have a ton of meat on them. This is certainly my go to neighborhood pizza place.This place is great. I got a personal Stromboli and a 20 oz. soda for five bucks. Mmmmm. Chicken StromboliStopped in tonight to grab a slice. Hadn't stopped in for a while (about 7 months) due to a past issue and was pleasantly surprised by Ashley's service.  She was extremely nice and even remembered my boyfriend and I which made it an even better experience, after such a long time!!! We will definitely consider making it our usual pizza shop stop againTried out Uncle Nick's for the first time one rainy night last week.  Ordered one small veggie pizza and 10 wings (for the carnivorous fiance, of course) - the lady on the phone was very pleasant, and delivery took almost exactly the 30 minutes that she told us to anticipate.  The veggies on the 'za were fresh and tasty!  Freshest veggie pizza I've found so far near Poplar/Girard Ave.  I'm assuming the fiance liked his wings because they were gone in about 60 seconds ;-)
Can't wait to try Uncle Nick's again!The best pizza for traditional Philly pizza in brewerytown and Fairmount!  Nicest people too!Uncle Nicks is incredible. From their hoagies to their pizza, we have been there close to 10 times now and have yet to be disappointed. The staff is extremely friendly, our food is always ready when promised, the prices are extremely reasonable based on the portion size, and the ingredients are fresh as can be. Be sure to try the Italian Hoagie with everything on it and the Uncle Nick's Special pizza. Keep up the great work and see you soon!The veggie pizza is amazing! Since moving to the area, I've had trouble finding pizza that isn't too greasy, but I've finally found it. I've ordered from here twice in one week.Welcome addition to the neighborhood....Just got our 3rd pizza there and each time the results were excellent.. My wife and daughter especially loved the white veggie...Buffalo chicken pizza is awesome. Plain pizza is great too. Uncle Nick sure is a friendly guy. Is he my uncle? I'm not sure but I'm glad he's right down the street from me now. UPDATE: we just custom ordered a chicken florentine pizza and HE NAILED IT!! OH GOSH, it's sooooooo GOOD.The owner takes pride in his work and he will
Let you know it. I once ordered a garlic and mushroom pizza and he mentioned how he grilled the mushrooms with the garlic before hand. The pizza was fantastic. Uncle nick's is what everyone looks for in a pizza shop.Edit - Read the ignorant, bigoted response from the owner below. Attempting to justify using a bigoted hate slur? Really?
Was here tonight during an altercation in which someone in the back who I thought was a cook berate someone for 45 seconds in a screaming match that ended in him screaming "NEVER AGAIN FAGGOT!" Some police got involved and this individual then identified himself to the police as the OWNER.
Trust me when I say I will "never again" come to this place.We came from Smith's Memorial Playground with 5 little girls and us 2 adults. We got a large plain pizza, 18 hot buffalo wings and a 2 liter all for $19.99. The guy there interacted with the girls and they thought he was great. The wings had just enough spice to them and the slices of pizza were big. We loved this place and will definitely be back.I have been going to Uncle Nick's religiously and must say its the best pizza spot in Brewerytown. Harry(the owner) is a chill dude and always greets customers with a smile and friendly conversation.Nice location.  A little crowded with only a couple of people in there.  The guy at the register was really nice but he seemed overwhelmed.  Maybe he was new?  I don't know.  But it took him a few times to get our order right.
The slices are big.  This is a true NY style pizza joint.  Reasonable prices.  Cheese pizza was as expected.  Unfortunately the pepperoni had a lot of grease sitting on the top of it.  We had to use about 4 napkins to get it off the top.  The buffalo chicken was flavorful and there was a lot of chicken on it.  All slices had a good crust and the sauce to cheese ratio was right on.
We will be back!This was the second time I took the kids here for pizza and wings. I don't live down Girard anymore but I visit my mom often. This is a clean store and the food is delicious. The guy at the counter is always pleasant and the  family specials are great. This is a much needed addition to the Ave. it brings back childhood memories.Not my favorite pizza, pretty standard and average by all measures. But super friendly staff.NEVER SUPPORT THIS PLACE!  IF I COULD GIVE ZERO STARS I WOULD!
First of all let me say I live a block away and have been in here several times as a repeat customer.   Last night, I was treated the absolute worst as a customer I have ever been treated anywhere in my life.  I ordered two slices of pizza.  Apparently that was a huge mistake.  I sat down to wait for my pizza, and a few minutes passed until they called me up and gave me my total: $7.45.     
This was quite confusing to me, as a slice from Uncle Nicks is usually $2.50, so I replied to the server questioning the total, who had a difficult time speaking English.   I felt for the guy, but we were having trouble communicating so I bent down and tried to check out the screen to see the breakdown and figure out how my total was so much, but I don't have very good vision so it was difficult.
At this time the owner chimed in.  
Owner:  "What's the problem?"
Me: "How is it $7.50 for only two slices?"
Owner: "what do you mean? What's the problem?! Is that a lot?!"    *getting a slightly irritated tone with me
Me: "um... Well yeah, how is two slices that much money?"
It's at this point that he told me I ordered three slices, which i contested and told him i only ordered two, which he argued back and forth with me three to four times, as if I didn't know how many slices I ordered when I clearly only ever wanted two slices, getting increasingly rude with me, then started all out SCREAMING at me to get "take my fucking money and get the fuck out of his store", getting up in my face in a rather violent manner, which I can only assume to be the behavior of someone who does a lot of cocaine or other hard drugs.  I even tried to shake his hand and apologize and tell him I wasn't trying to be a dick or anything like that, but he wasn't having it.
As I was leaving I even heard him call me a "fucking faggot" on my way out.   Pathetic.
Absolutely INSANE response to a simple miscommunication and quite frankly COMPLETELY inexcusable behavior for ANY worker to treat a paying customer, especially the OWNER of the restaurant.
As if this isn't bad enough, I told my friend who lives in the neighborhood about what happened and he told me one time he tried to order delivery, it took an excessively long time to get there so he called in to ask how it was taking so long when he only lives 4 blocks away.   The owners response?  "Oh you only live floor blocks away?  Walk."    And then hung up on him.
People like this should not even have a job let alone be allowed to run a business.5 stars are given not only for the quality of the pizza but the delivery man was very nice and my food came hot. I will definitely order from this establishment again!!!!I ordered from here a couple months ago. Had a hard time finding it when I went to pick up my pizza until I realized that it's now called Karma Pizza. 
Pizza wasn't bad. We ordered the Uncle Nick's special which I think is called the Karma special now??? Pretty big pie for a large. Lots of toppings.Lucky to have this great pizza place in the neighborhood.  Consistently good pizza.
Pro Tip: ask if there are any specials. I had a excellent margarita pizza that wasn't on the menu!Pizza is delicious. We ordered during the snow storm and they were still open and delivered!!! Amazing.Among the many pizza shops in Fairmount / Brewerytown Uncle Nick's stands out as one of the best places to stop in for a slice. The counter staff is friendly, and the prices are great. The buffalo chicken pizza is awesome and each slice is overflowing with chicken. You definitely get your money's worth. 
If you're hungry for a slice and in the neighborhood definitely stop in.