I came here for a wedding.  All the food was good, but nothing special.  The reason it gets 5 stars from me is because the service here was over the top excellent.
I had a wedding to go to and I came down to Philly on my motorcycle so my suit was a little wrinkly.  I got to my room and without me asking the front desk sent up someone with a steamer because they thought I would need to steam my suit.  They also arranged an early checkin despite some other issues.
After the wedding I went to bar/cigar room with a few friends and hung out for a few hours.  It was really an awesome experience.Martin Hamm's 1862 at The Union League is one of the finest dining experiences the city has to offer. Since becoming members of the League, it has been our pleasure to dine there several times, with friends and business associates. The wine cellar alone is world class and the sommelier is brilliant. I particularly enjoyed the cipollini onion broth with gruyere crouton (imagine French onion soup raised to the nth degree) and the rack of lamb. Desserts are well worth the indulgence, particularly the assorted miniatures. If you ever have the chance to enjoy a meal at 1862, by all means do so.I don't know a lot about this club, but my grandfather belonged here and I was recently feeling nostalgic.  The Union League is a private dining club, where gentlemen can chill.  i would imagine that lunch is the most popular hour.
I ate dinner here once as a little girl with my grandparents before a show, and it was rather wonderful.  I still remember the elegant candlelight and how everyone knew everyone.
These days, we are always looking for a place where 'everybody knows your name.'  That's why we are like to be 'locals' and regulars at restaurants and bars.  The Union League is that place.
I know it's hip to have disdain for private dining.  If I walked in here today, people would probably think I was a server, but I can still appreciate history and I can see why people might like exclusive clubs.
Also, the Union League does good things for charity, and member comraderie is something special.  This is a historic place that recalls historical times, old elegance, and something intangible and remarkable.I had believed this to be mainly an exclusive venue, so it was a treat to be able to attend a work dinner event here. Classic, pristine, historic, - I even felt a little elitist being there.  Our group was in a private room with a full bar set up for pre-dinner cocktails. Following an hour of meet and greet, was a 3-course dinner starting with a hearty salad that included  pine nuts and bean sprouts.  The main course was a very tender, melt in your mouth salmon dish, on a bed of potatoes and leeks and a side of carrots in a cream sauce.  Last but not least was a delectable dessert of apple turnover in phyllo dough shell with a side of what tasted like butterscotch ice cream - made for a great bite, pairing the ice cream with the crunchy turnover.  An enjoyable evening of networking, learning, and conversation topped up with a wonderful meal.Huge fan of this place. Went to a military luncheon and was wined and dined to the max. Fantastic, quality food. Grandiose dining rooms with exceptional service.  Can be a bit stuffy, but if that is ok with you then you will love this historic gem.The Union League is an amazing establishment. The overall interior is beautiful and filled with history. I had the pleasure of going out to dinner at their restaurant 1862 and it was a mind blowing experience. It was basically filled with a lot of ritsy people but the cost is definitely worth it. There are excellent wine choices and the the food is delicious. The portions were a bit smaller than I had expected but the quality of the food was top notch. The service was on point and they did a great job of giving us ample time to enjoy the meal. Overall 1862 is a definite must try!I enjoyed the hospitality of Attorney J F Kent. This is such a beautiful place, eclectic, quiet and unexpected in bustling Philly. The various rooms are decorated beautifully and they make a delicious Sidecar Martini. The service staff is "top notch" all the way. Thanks JFK.UL has the best restaurant in the city 1862. The staff is what really sets this club apart from all others. Highly suggest a visitYes there is something pretentious about an exclusive club for white male Republicans buuut this place is gorgeous. And they make a damn good risotto. We had a dinner event here and the service was great --friendly but professional. I would highly recommend coming in for a little tour of this piece of American history, and for food if you can afford it. But then again if you're in the Union League, you can probably afford it.4.5 stars - just a hair shy of 5.
I just attended a private luncheon event at the Union League in the McMichael room.  The service was "White Glove" and so attentive and wonderful.  Food was good - with a great salad that contained dried cranberries, toasted oine nuts & crumbled bleu.
Also a stand-out were the individually plated pecan pies.  YUM-O!
The entrees, however were just "OK" my fish stuffed with crabmeat bechamel was a tad dry and OVERLY salty.  I can't speak to the other entree choice - roast pork - as I don't "do pig".  But it looked nice.
Great presentation and a great, historic space with lots of portraits to look at - one of George W. was being hung with great care the day I was there.
You can also (try to) have your wedding here - but you really "gotta know someone" to get on the list.
Oh - and there IS an enforced dress code - so don't be the bopob that I was and show up wearing sheakers.  (I KNEW I shoulda hauld my shoes along..)
They snuck me in thru the back.Ridiculously good service.  I hesitate to give 5 stars because some of their food has been subpar, but if you're thinking to host a meeting or private event, this place will live up to every expectation.  It comes at a very high cost, but hospitality always does!Being at the Union League for an event makes me wish (more than usual) that I am some sort of rich socialite that could gain membership to such an establishment.  The building is just breathtaking and so distinguished looking.  The floors are solid marble, and the walls are lined with oil paintings of distinguished Americans of yesteryear.  The exquisite woodwork and high ceilings certainly add to the ambiance.
The Union League is definitely a much more sophisticated departure from the typical catering hall.  My only "complaint" was that the food I was able to sample was just OK.  I was there for an hors'd deuvers type affair with cheese plates & pasta stations as well as some butlered items, but nothing was a real stand out.  However, for service and ambiance, the Union League can't be beat.Here for a conference and I have the say the building is old but stunning. I can't get enough of the chandelier in the Lincoln room. It is giant and all crystal so I find myself getting lost in it occasionally when I'm spacing out during a lecture. I wonder how long it takes to clean?!? The whole space is immaculately kept with hand lotion, mouthwash, and lady products in the women's restroom. Also, the food that we have had for lunches and snack breaks have been really good. Kudos to the pastry chef as everything dessert wise looks impeccable (I couldn't eat much because of the fact that I'm gluten free) so huge points for presentation!Nice old building with many rooms. It is excellent for dinner meetings.  The atmosphere is elegant.  Appetizers and food is very good as is the service.  I have eaten there several times and have never been disappointed.Awesome place!  Lots of history, great food, and great service!I attended a work holiday party here last night and was so excited to see the inside of this building. I was extremely impressed at the beautiful decor and the overall atmosphere of this club. Upon entering, you're immediately swept off Broad Street in the middle of the city to a gorgeous and historical part of Philadelphia. The event was on the first floor in the large dining room which was spacious and elegant. There were multiple stations set up.. a table with antipasti, cheeses, and meats, a table with different types of sushi and sashimi, and a table with sliders and ahi tuna roll ups. Everything was delicious. The fish was fresh and the ahi tuna with spicy mayo was incredible. There was also a carving station with prime rib, mashed potatoes, and green beans. I happily tried everything and it lived up to expectations. The service was impeccable and continuously cleared dishes, as well as walked around with more hors d'oeuvres. I didn't get to take advantage of the open bar, but my friends were happy with their drinks. I only hope I get to experience this venue again!I attended an industry hosted luncheon here. The architecture and decor are beautiful. The food was good but nothing over the top since most large luncheons tend to keep the food middle of the road to avoid food allergies and religious food restrictions. So we were served chicken with vegetables. All was prepared well. The service was really good. Some seasoned servers better than others at navigating the tables and refilling drinks without disturbing the meeting/presentation but on the whole they were quick and efficient.Great atmosphere but a little pricey.  Went with a member-friend of mine.  Nice pool table.  You can only get in if you are a member.We attended a wedding at the Union League this past weekend.  Great event space in Philadelphia - very elegant and full of cool history.  The downstairs bar area gets a little smokey, though, and they do allow more than one event per night (which means you could be competing with the noise of the upstairs band).  All in all, a great choice for an elegant affair in Philadelphia.This is actually the "1821 Restaurant at the Union League."  We ate here Friday night with friends.  
The chef here used to be at Blue Fountain at a well known luxury hotel in Philly and also was in NYC.  
This makes 1821 one of the top restaurants not just in Philly but in the country.  
We had superb drinks to start off.  We then had caviar with all accoutrements, and fine table and beverage service.  Our friends were members so the staff paid close attention to our needs.  
Also oysters on the half shell with the caviar.  I may have had a wee bit of Scotch so ancient you cant even get it anywhere else.  
Our chefs even brought me gluten free breads, which no restaurant has ever done anywhere at any time.
Our main courses varied.  i had a game special of grilled antelope which was spectacular.  A couple of us had excellent fish dishes and another of us had a tremendous beef dish.  
The wine selection here is stupifying.  I had a sip of my friend's pinot--it was amazing!  They have a deep and endless supply of superb red and white wines of fine age and vintage & appellation.
Dessert was superb--a selection of small varied dishes for all to try, including fresh fruits.  
Coffee including decaf cappuccino was excellent.  
We retired to a lounging room after supper which is fashioned precisely in the manner of 1862--the chairs are most comfortable.  
I must say, I've been to the Union League many times going back to the 1980s, but the new changes and the new restaurant are superb.  While the historical aspects of the Union League remain, it has been updated and modernized to be relevant for the 21st century.  
This is a world class restaurant and world class dining experience.  Five stars and more if i could award them.  A perfect meal.Historical and beautiful building. I had the pleasure working with the Union League to plan my wedding.  Upon countless visits to review the details, the staff would not forget to congratulate me, which was great. Even a waiter walking by would stop me to stay congrats. It was amazing and truly made me feel that I had made the best choice. 
As the big day came, all of my wishes were met, as I had nothing to worry about with an attentive staff.  Guest  of all ages were impressed by the beauty of the venue and still to this day mention how great it was. 
All the food was fresh and spectacular, the breakfast the next day was also a nice touch to bid farewell to our guest. 
During our planning process we had the chance to eat at and enjoy Cafe Meredith as well as 1862.  While the Cafe provided a fun entertaining atmosphere with live music, 1862 offered fine delicacies with the best pops of flavor that I had ever had, truly an amazing experience.I've been here a few times...once for dinner, once for some coffee and a meeting.
The service is impeccable, and the wine list excellent...I am still craving the escargot...it wasn't your typical "drenched in butter and garlic so how can it NOT taste good" preparation, but it was served in a large martini glasses dressed in a light pesto cream.  Still think about it.  
It's a little more high brow and proper then I prefer, but if that's what you are out for, this is the spot.This is one of the finest clubs in a major city in the world.  The restaurants at the League rival the best Philadelphia and New York offer.  The service is very professional yet under stated; they do not fawn all over you.  I have been a member there for over 10 years.  Some of the negative comments in the reviews are from people who are not well informed about the club or its membership.  For starters it is not an inexpensive club.  You get what you pay for in terms of quality food and service.  It is not stuffy or snobby, unlike many private clubs.  The membership is surprisingly diverse.  If you need to have a reception or a function, the League will do whatever is necessary to accommodate you.  There is a hotel in the club and a full service fitness center.  They also have a business center and they have reciprocal membership arrangements with other clubs all over the world.  I recently used a reciprocal membership at The Hong Kong Club in China and it was spectacular.  Five stars all around.I attended a family wedding held in The Meade Room once upon a time a decade ago.  For the wedding weekend, my family and I spent the night at the Inn of Union League.  The architecture and decor is beautiful yet traditional.  The quality of food is okay and the room was very dark with dim lighting.  
I can imagine Union League male members discussing stocks and the economy over cigars, scotch or whiskey in the early history of its inception.  Union League is historic yet rich to Philly's history.
While spending a night I felt like I was in colonial New England as our room is theme to a colonial yet warm decor while the bathroom is adorned with classic black and white tiles, facult fixtures and cabinetry.  American colonial times... ahhh life was very simple and somewhat carefree happier without the agita and frustration of credit card debt, IRS, and ailing economic meltdown!We had our wedding reception at the Union League of Philadelphia, and it could not have been a more perfect evening. The private events manager, Michelle Christensen, was so helpful every step of the way during the planning process. Not only is the newly renovated Lincoln Hall ballroom a spectacular venue, but the level of service at the event was exceptional as well. Plus, the wedding cake was delicious beyond belief. The Union League provided a truly wonderful wedding experience.It's pretty awesome that I've been lucky enough to come here for several events in the past few months. 
The facilities are very well maintained, and everyone is always so polite. 
I've only eaten at the restaurant once, at the 1862 by Martin Hamann, but the food was fantastic!  Probably the best I've had since moving back to Philly. I had the squid/octopus appetizer (well cooked), the braised short rib (heaven on a fork) and the hot chocolate dessert (not too heavy or too sweet). Guys beware, the restaurant now requires TIES (although they will lend them to you if you are not already wearing them). This is one instance where the women's dress code (or lack thereof) is to our advantage. 5 stars for the food and service of the restaurant!
I've been to quite a few conferences at the ballrooms and libraries/meeting rooms and they have all been immaculate and well appointed rooms.
I can't, however, give it 5 stars for the two reasons:
First, it's very exclusive (you cannot eat at any of the restaurants unless you are a member), and expensive to join as a member (and also requires you be nominated), so not being able to go to an amazing restaurant when I want to go is inconvenient. 
Second, once, after an event (my first event here, actually), one of the speakers and I were talking as we walked back towards the entrance we came in from (there are several entrances, but we were going to the main entrance on Broad). We were stopped before we reached the main hall and told that: unless we were members of the League, we had to leave from the side/back entrance. The gentleman was polite about it, and directed us to the exit, but the whole affair made us feel like second class citizens. Either we weren't good enough to exit through the front entrance that we came in from, or he was afraid we were going to, I don't know, make a run for it once we got to the main hallway and hide in a closet? I don't believe there was an event going on at the time (we could see through the glass panes and the hallway was empty), but if there were, he could have just said that, which he didn't. I know the speaker was the first to mention feeling like she was being treated like a second class citizen, and it didn't help that we were both women of color. Still, there wasn't a point to make a fuss, but it did leave an uncomfortable feeling where exclusivity started crossing the border towards exclusion. For me, I was a guest, so it wasn't a huge deal, but I still can't believe they treated the speaker (who was invited to be on the panel) like that too. Since then, I've been back several times and ended up leaving through the side/back entrance because it was more convenient, so I can't tell if it's normal for the main hallway to be for members only or if there was just a misunderstanding somewhere.
Either way, if you are lucky enough to be invited to eat here or attend an event here, I highly recommend it.  As for joining, it's potentially a good place to make connections/relationships, because of all the exclusivity, but I am not necessarily at that stage of my life/career where the cost of the membership is worth it, but I do know that the people who are members seem to be quite happy with it.I just wanted to share a superb experience!  I was attending an event at the Union League this week.  I called and explained my dietary restrictions to Sandy.  She coordinated with the staff to make sure I had a meal that I was able to eat.  I truly appreciate her taking the extra step.  My sincerest appreciation!Attended my cousin's wedding at the exclusive Union League and it was quite an experience to say the least! The building is smack in the heart of the best part if Philadelphia and is quite a shift from the rest of the city. Once inside the building, the decor screams opulence throughout. 
The wedding ceremony was in the Grant Hall on the first level-a lovely dark wood paneled room while the main wedding festivities were on the entire 2nd level. The main room (the Lincoln Hall) was magnificent as were the rest of the adjoining rooms that were used to cater food and seat the wedding  guests.
The 11 member Eddie Bruce Orchestra  was great and one of the female singers was fantastic. It was definitely a smart move to carry flats as the music kept me on the dance floor for quite a while ;)The Union League is a bit stodgy for my taste, but the staff did a great job working a party that I went to there recently, hence the four stars.  For the work party that I attended, we had drinks and appetizers.  The food was pretty good but it was mostly fried and/or meaty, and I heard more than a few people comment that we could have used some veggies (that said, I have no clue who was in charge of the menu).  Overall though, a nice venue for a party.I attended a function here recently and was super impressed in the brief amount of time I spent in one of the function rooms.  The building is so beautiful and I was happy to finally be able to see the inside of this building I'd walked by so many times.
The service was excellent as you would expect.  The table buffet (crudites, dips, cheese and crackers) was good but nothing amazing.  The hors d'oeuvres were wonderful, especially the mini crabcakes which were fresh and totally perfect.  Other hors d'oeuvres included mini sliders and what looked like Philly cheesesteaks, though I didn't try them.
The most fantastic thing about the spread overall were the desserts - perfect minature desserts that looked too good to eat... raspberry tarts, blackberry tarts, custard tarts, chocolate fudge cake, rice pudding, creme brulee, coconut macaroons... can you tell I have a sweet tooth?!! 
I wish I could have spent more time here... I'll keep my fingers crossed :)
Worth remembering there is a dress code which I believe is strictly enforced? I might be wrong but definitely don't count on wearing jeans.I had breakfast at the Founder's room. While the breakfast was decent, the service I received was absolutely horrible. The woman who served me was extremely rude and unprofessional.I did not expect such substandard service at the Union League. They need to either higher more professionally trained service staff or invest some money in training.Food is good. Attention to the food is ok. Place for friend to meet up and have a nice dinner, perfect.Nothing like spending quality time with friends (members) at the Union League. The highest quality of service, second to none! The atmosphere is equally of high standards and quality. Never disappoints.1862 is by far the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  The staff was first rate and the food was incredibly delicious - there is nothing else like it in the city.  The venue is spectacular.  1862 offers an excellent dining experience.So I'm reviewing possibly the LEAST hip or trendy location in Philadelphia.  The Union League caters to businessmen particularly those in professional capacities such as lawyers, docs and politicians.  It may be the last place I would ever see myself being, particularly with the right-leaning tendencies of its members.  But I've been there a few times.  The food is pretty good and they have rotating specials on beers which feature Belgians pretty heavily.  They also have a scotch of the month.  
It's a members-only club so the only way in is to get invited by someone who belongs there.What can be said about the Union League? It is the dream social club of aspiring businessmen citywide. Whenever I get a chance to go in there it is a rare treat. Make sure you are dressed well or you may not be allowed in. The service and hospitality of all of the staff there is unmatched. If you find opportunity to visit, don't pass it up!The Union League of Philadelphia just can't be beat. It has consistently been ranked as the very best city club in the USA year after year for many years.
I have the privilege of eating, drinking, working out, relaxing and sleeping at the members-only club daily whenever I am in the area. I hope to be here even more in the future.
The multiple restaurants never fail to deliver the very best quality and tasty food. The other amenities of the club are excellent, including the fitness center and hot tub/sauna.
The rooms in the Inn range from very nice  rooms to very roomy suites. They are furnished with nice furniture and very comfortable beds. Terry cloth robes offer an added plus and help chase the night chill away while getting ready to wind down for the evening and watching some TV.
The historic paintings, busts, statues, books and building features, including coat rooms of a bygone era and the actual desk used by the Captain of the USS Kearsarge many decades ago are priceless, educational, patriotic and inspiring to people who love this great country of ours to continue to be good citizens, push hard for racial, gender, religious and ethnic equality for all of our citizens, as well as support our fantastic military, government workers and their leaders.
It all starts with the club rules, membership application process and strict adherence to its dress code and code of conduct, which mandates civility, respect and fair treatment for others and oneself. Cursing and other "ways of the street" (from which I came) are not tolerated, nor should they be anyplace in a civil society, because God made us all better than that.
The entire staff is truly exceptional. They work hard to meet member expectations and needs and do it well. They do whatever it takes, just like the very best eating, lodging and resort entities do.
I HIGHLY recommend this place if you are considering joining or can visit as the guest of a member or a reciprocal club.The Union League is one of those places that most of us who spend time reading Yelp reviews probably would never visit.  An uppity men's club requiring jackets seems like a pretty dated idea to me.  Despite all that, it's definitely a cool building to check out if you get the chance to visit.
I was able to stop in for a dinner reception for a professional society a few weeks back.  Upon first arrival the smell of cigar smoke hit me from the side smoking room.  I guess because this is a private club they can skirt those laws.  It didn't bother me too much, but it could bother some.  From there we followed the long walkway past several unidentified rooms, a restaurant, a bar, and a library to the back of the building where a large marble staircase brings you up to another level of rooms.  We then proceeded to the main ballroom adorn with paintings of the more important (I guess?) members of the Union League over the years.  The only one I recognized was Abe Lincoln over the main speaking podium.  
As for the food, it was the typical catered type of event.  Nothing special, but not too bad either.  The stuffed chicken was the standout. 
As for the drinks.  Expensive, and these were some of the worst bartenders I've ever encountered in my life.  The one woman could not even make change of a $20.  The other two guys were slower than you can imagine.  They were working for tips, so you would think there would be some motivation to do something... but I guess not.
Overall I wouldn't go out of my way to try to get into this place, but it's worth checking out if you get a free meal out of it.Janis was such a pleasant waitress for the CPCU holiday event. Mr. Spiller over at the bar was also great. The decor was beautiful and the room we used was smaller but perfectly sized for the amount of people that allowed for a truly intimate event.Had the most precious, perfect lunch here on Friday.  The food at 1862 is sublime - make friends with someone who is a member here just to dine here.  The service was a bit off on Friday, a tad overwhelmed - it was busy.  Whatever you get - it will be great!I'll try to write an objective review of the Union League. I am not a member, but I visit for various networking events and when invited by friends. The architecture is beautiful, the food mediocre, but you don't come here for the food. They make an effort to create an active social scene and calendar of events, and a few years ago when the place was losing its appeal, they started marketing memberships to female professionals as well as minorities. That said, they still do subtly discriminate against both.  
I would give it four stars as I think it is one of the more beautiful venues in the city, but it has the "creep factor". Any time I walk into the bar, creepy old man come over to chat me up, tell me what a man they are, and how  I'd be wise to let them "introduce me" to the right people. If it wasn't for the randy old men, subtle jokes against women and minorities, one might think this is a classy club.
But really, in all my years of attending, I always feel icky when I leave. There are plenty of private, upscale clubs in the vicinity where the members are more diverse, open-minded, and sophisticated that one doesn't feel like they are compromising their integrity for being there.An icon of the oligarchy which rules over you
Think I'm kidding? 
Even USA of O's Indoctronitional Ivy League's second most prestigious institution along with an uber-elite private university released a study in 2014 verifying that fact.  
No one noticed.
https://www.businessinsider.com/major-study-finds-that-the-us-is-an-oligarchy-2014-4Our family had a wedding here last night. What an unbelievably gorgeous and historic venue. They may not allow a Democrat to grace their walls but they made this Democrat feel very welcome. The room we stayed in was super classy. We had an incredible time, and I will be talking about it for a long time.Attended the Junior happy hour last night with a friend (who is a member).  Gorgeous building, surprisingly solid cuisine, tons of Philadelphia's "elite" walking around.  I met a few prominent lawyers, and one news anchorwoman.  
There are some downsides: the bar was stocked with very mediocre liquor, especially for a place of this standing.  Your best vodka cannot be Grey Goose.  Your best bourbon cannot be Maker's Mark.  Just unacceptable.  The joining process is pretty long and convoluted.  And if you're not a right winger you may feel out of place.
All in all, I don't know if I'll want to join (considering the monthly fees are about as much as my monthly student loan payments) but it's a great place to visit.I had the honor of having my senior prom here. 
I'm not sure if I would call it "honor". The place seems very snobby to me. Before we even hit the front door, one of the staff reprimanded my friend because she was too loud. Notice, this was before we even step inside the building.
The building itself was gorgeous and very formal. Our prom was great even though they were some confusion due to them hosting two prom on the same day.
The food was okay. Salad that I feed to my boyfriend. Very fatty chicken. And cheesecake. 
The best thing I like about this place was the bathroom. They are nice and very stocked. They have lotion, hairspray and basketful of tampons. Very nice.I enjoy this place when visiting Philly. The breakfast is really good and the pub / bar is great for a quick bite at dinner. The Union League Inn is my favorite place to stay as well.The new signature restaurant, 1862 by Martin Hamann is terrific. Great new design, edgy menu, white glove service, and a very deep wine list.  Get the fois grois appetizer.This is one of the finest clubs in a major city in the world.  The restaurants at the League rival the best Philadelphia and New York offer.  The service is very professional yet under stated; they do not fawn all over you.  It is not stuffy or snobby, unlike many private clubs.  The membership is surprisingly diverse.  If you need to have a reception or a function, the League will do whatever is necessary to accommodate you.  There is a hotel in the club and a full service fitness center.  They also have a business center and they have reciprocal membership arrangements all over the world.  Five stars all around.This review is for 1862, the Union League's member restaurant.
Executive Chef Martin Hammon is a great talent and leads his team to do an outstanding job. Front of the house is excellent as well. This is one of the best fine dining restaurant in the city, maybe even the country! Meals here are comparable to Per Se, Fleur de Lys, etc.
Marty's signature Squab dish is one of the best squabs I have ever had. He also works magic with game meat.
Service is excellent, efficient and non-intrusive.
The first visit here is bitter-sweet as nothing else will compare.The union league has a great member program, so you don't have to worry about payment while you're there. You just put your number down. Also your guests get a menu that has no prices so you don't have to worry about them knowing how much their meal is. The waiters and guards are all very polite and friendly. Someone in the bathroom shines your shoes and there is a parking garage that you text and they pull up your car. Overall the union league is incredible for meeting new people.So I was one of the lucky Philadelphian to dine at this signature restaurant, 1862 by Martin Hamann in the Union League.  As soon as i entered the elegant entrance of the classic style league house ,I felt like a princess looking for her tiara.
My Blue Moon Acres "Black & Tan " risotto with shaved Périgord truffles appetizer arrived as a masterpiece mystery and soon it was melting in my mouth. A gourmet bite with the highest level of sophistication. 
For my entree I ordered a sautéed beef tenderloin. My generous portion tenderloin was made to my medium well desire, surrounded by heirloom purple carrots and more shiitake Mushrooms (upon my request,) topped with golden raisin finished with a tableside drizzle of red wine sauce. A flawless exceptional dish. 
It was just about the right time to get the Chocolate Soufflé. A soft, rich, and fluffy and impressive looking and baked to perfection.Oh my! simply, It was a little taste of heaven.  What a excellence treat of Deliciousness!
Can I say five and half Yelps!Gorgeous building.  I always wanted to go inside the Union League, and finally had the chance for the Alzheimer's Association Gatsy Gala on Saturday (a fun excuse to be all fancy pants, drink and dance for a good cause.)
The marbled floors, high ceilings, and carved wood are beautiful.  It was a great venue for this type of event and imagine a wedding would be fantastic here too.  They provided beer/wine open bar and hors d'oeuvres, and the service was excellent.  Delicious cheese, bruschetta, rigatoni, chicken satay, and mini sliders, mmmm.
I don't always get dressed up and do fancy things, but when I do I'd prefer to go to the union league.Review for Cafe Meredith ONLY:
Just had a business lunch here and the food was good (I would especially recommend the fried calamari). However, I actually found the service to be sub-par. 
It was a decently long wait before the server got to our table, meaning no water, no bread, no menus, nothing. I get that they were busy, so not a huge deal, although I was very thirsty and would have appreciated some water before anything else.
The waitress asked everyone around the table if they wanted something more to drink than just the ice water, but she forgot to ask me. There were only 4 of us at the table ... so I didn't think it was that hard to keep track. She also didn't seem to notice her mistake throughout the whole meal.
I had to ask twice for lemons to go with my water. The first time, I asked the person pouring the water (who said: "of course"), and when it didn't arrive for about 20 minutes, I had to ask our server directly. It took a while to get here after that, but at least it arrived, and there were enough slices for the whole table to share, which was nice. 
The server didn't come back after the entrees were served to see if everything was OK. Everything was fine, but a check-in is still nice and expected at a fine dining establishment.
I will say that the couch like seating against the wall was exceptionally comfortable. Being in the late stages of my pregnancy, those pillows made an extremely comfortable prop against your back. 
Overall, the food was very good (not as great as 1862-please see previous review), but our server and the other employees walking around the restaurant changing tablecloths could have stopped by more often (they were also very focused on their task, so many of them didn't see my discrete waving them down hand movements to try and get a water refill - yes, I had to ask for more water). I would also like to note that we were the last ones left at the restaurant around 2 pm (at least in our room) so it wasn't as though they were busy with other customers. 
Oh well, the food and conversation were good, and I don't think the servers were trying to ignore us, they were probably just too busy trying to set up for the next wave of customers.Over all it is a really nice place. However, management can us some training on how to treat the staff.If you're a rich old guy, and you want to chill with other rich old guys, under the watchful gaze of dead rich old guys whose portraits line the walls...you're probably already a member of the Union League. I'm sure this is a great place to drink some scotch and talk about your investment portfolio, how hot your secretary is, the various ways that Obama's ruining the country, etc.
The building really is beautiful, though.The Union League has nice architectural design with posh concepts; I enjoyed its elegance. I have visited quite a few times mainly for events or luncheons. Inside it is very spacious, has high ceilings and portraits fill most walls. As for dinner, the tables are prepared nicely. It's always a great time to practice proper etiquette (e.g. salad forks vs. dinner forks). My recent visit, the food was not so good. They seem to have placed more emphasis on appearance rather than taste. The employees are super friendly and mannerly which made my visit all the more pleasant. 
After learning about the history of the Union League's exclusivity, it's kind of unsettling. I question the representation of the portraits on the walls and how much they've made efforts to abandon exclusionary or discriminatory ideals. While I question this, I still keep in mind the efforts that they have made and that therefore does not diminish the quality of which the Union League imparts.The frisson of excitement as I ascend one of the spiral staircases to this architecturally significant, second empire building is rapidly replaced by feelings of dread as I cross its threshold.   
Not so terribly long ago, the Union League banned women, minorities and Jewish people from its membership ranks.  Indeed, a dear friend recounts how she was barred entry through the front door due to her gender (naturally, she now rejects all invitations to meet there) and another relayed how he resigned when his friend, a distinguished African-American jurist, was denied membership in the club.  Although the club ostensibly has eliminated its exclusionary policies--one wonders about the sincerity of its commitment to diversity when membership still requires sponsorship by other members--its history as bastion of white male privilege is painfully obvious once inside.   The interior is crammed with oil paintings and artifacts documenting this very legacy; meanwhile imagery reflecting the club's "new diversity" is  few and far between.   I doubt President Lincoln would be proud of this club's long and aggressive attachment to discriminatory policies notwithstanding the club's origins as a supporter of the Union's efforts during the Civil War.
I have yet to have a good meal at the Union League, and I have been there for the full range of events, from breakfast meetings to dinner fundraisers.   On the whole, the offerings are insipid and unimaginative.   The positives are the exquisitely attentive service and the attractive plating (Tip:  Spend less time on eye appeal and more time on taste-bud appeal).  On the other hand, if your idea of haute cuisine is the chili recipe from the Charlie Brown cookbook, which  uses ketchup as a base, then you undoubtedly will find the offerings here swoon-worthy. 
One star for the Union League's magnificent edifice and the Trumbauer addition.We had our office Christmas party here.  Beautiful building, great food, and service.  If you ever get invited to go, you must try it at least once, just to say you were there.  But since I love old buildings and history I found the place fascinating.
There is a strict dress code, which is listed on their web-site.  Non-members only have access to certain common areas.i'm a former member, now living elsewhere. It's a beautiful building, housing many treasures, with a fine library and upgraded dining room. Why only 3 stars? I feel that the membership criteria has gone downhill somewhat, with some of the newer members I have met not up to standards.I was able to visit twice during a recent convention in the City of Brotherly Love. Knowing that this was the place where Winthorp was framed in "Trading Places" I couldn't wait to see it.
First visit was Monday night to meet a colleague for cocktails. I didn't know about the dress code, so I walked through the front door in my black Wranglers, pink western shirt, and cowboy boots. I told the man I'm here for a meeting. He looked me up and down, and I realized immediately that I was in trouble. But after a few seconds, he told me to see them at the top of the stairs. I'm guessing I was one of the few ever allowed in wearing jeans.
Second visit was for a dinner event the next evening. This time I'm properly attired in suit and tie - looking pretty dapper if I do say so myself. We enjoyed a wonderful dinner, followed by cigars and cocktails afterward. Two big thrills this evening: (1) seeing the room upstairs from the famous "Trading Places" scene and (2) Asking the bartender in the cigar bar where the paintings of the Confederate Generals are displayed. The look on her face was priceless.An amazing and enlightening experience! When you stand outside and glare at the imposing building that is the Union League of Philadelphia you think of all of the stories that this building could tell.  The history it can tell, indeed! My tour experience was at the invitation of the Friends of Avenue of the Arts. This is always an interesting and committed group to the arts and Philadelphia. This building is filled with beautiful historic artifacts, forever-changing exhibits and ongoing maintenance.  The curator(s) must never rest! Today was a great day to tour the Union League of Philadelphia as many of the rooms and pieces of art will be removed after today for repair etc.
As the lone Black person in this group taking the tour I was intrigued by the information regarding the "Colored Troops". The most AMAZING item for me was one of the few original copies of The Emancipation Proclamation signed by President Abraham Lincoln. Can you believe such an historic document lives right here in Philadelphia!?! Actually I can....How awesome is that?
Thanks to our guide who's name escapes me. I apologize but you were great!I have eaten at a number of clubs in major cites including LA, Manhattan, SF and Boston. While the architecture may be magnificent, the wood paneling and stone work exquisite, the food is inevitably mediocre. 1862 is an exception to that (almost) universal rule. In that fine dining room,  the food actually matches the incredible history and presence of the physical structure. Indeed, in some ways, the 1862 dining room with its sleek, elegant modern look and feel is like an island within the grand historic look and feel of the rest of the club.  
Let's start with the bar room first. Elegant yet comfortable with every "top shelf" label you could desire. Enjoyed the Lagavulin 16 year single malt, neat with a water back. My colleague had a glass of Veuve while her "friend" had a Bombay Shaphire and Tonic. 
Then went to the dining room. Started with soft shell crabs; absolutely perfect, followed by a delicious pork lion. Lobster tail accompanied by tortellini stuffed with short rib for my dinner companions who raved about it. 
The service is exquisite all designed to make members and their guests feel welcome.  
But here is the best part; their wine collection built over many years is extensive and priced a few dollars over retail at the time of purchase. The wines are a steal and by themselves worth coming for dinner. Whether you feel like French, Italian or California they have top labels and older vintages at ridiculous prices. 
This restaurant compares well with the best in Philly on all counts and, if you can get an invite do not miss the opportunity.This is a response to Ernest S. of New York who whined about the history of the Union League and its support of, guess what, Ernest, the UNION not the Confederacy.
Far too many people have drunk from the bowl of reconstituted history and could stand a weeklong, or longer, stay at the Union League simply to read the magnificent books from its library.
The SOLE reason for the Civil War was NOT slavery of black or of other minority peoples.  The States of the Union held slaves totalling 75% of the number of slaves held by States in the Confederacy at the beginning of the Civil War.  Many of the houses built in the area of Independence Hall here in Philadelphia had substantial quarters where the family's slaves lived and those slaves were generally black.
Why were they predominately black?  Because certain chieftains in Africa captured large numbers of native Africans, all black but from opposing tribes, and sold them to the slave traders, predominately black themselves, who shipped those indentured souls to the United States for sale.  People may dislike that history but it is accurate and we would all do better if we could adjust to agree on a non-conflicting and accurate history of the issue. In those days, slavery was not considered discrimination as it is today.  However, once that philosophical change was made within the general population, there was no need to continue that line of reasoning.
The MAIN reason for the Civil War were the economic controls that the Union States wanted to impose on the Confederate States that limited the Confederate States to rural, agricultural industries.  The Union's motto for the treatment of the Southern States was to "keep 'em dusty and pregnant."  While the railroads had built their way across the South, and the Southern ports developed for exports, those industries were focused on the exporting of agricultural goods and not manufactured goods as the Northern railroads and ports handled.
Yes, one admirable result of the Civil War was the abolition of slavery in the United States but many Southern slave owners were starting to free many of their slaves anyway.  They had found that freemen worked harder, were more focused and created more profitable business relationships and could add greatly to the value of the businesses. To that end, many white land and business owners went partners with their freed slaves to work the land and businesses to gain increased production.
So the people pictured of those Caucasian men hanging on the walls of the Union League should be revered as the leaders of change.  The political party in charge of the Union in the days of the Civil War was the, I know this will be tough Ernest, the Republican Party.  While the Democrats took over the South some years later, collectively those Democrats did little to assist their high percentage black and other minority constituents in gaining economic value in the later 1800s into the 1900s.  
Even today, the Democratic Party terribly services its minority constituents.  Only lately have the minorities started thinking on their own, realized their predicament,  and have started to rebel against the current controls that the Democratic Party has continued to impose.  Give us your votes but then we will totally forget you.
Think about where we are here in October 2018.  The country's economy is roaring.  Minority unemployment is at all time lows.  Full employment is at all time highs.  High paying manufacturing jobs are returning to the United States.  Since there is now a severe shortage of potential workers who are lacking the skills needed by quality employers, there is full access to higher education and to vocational education for all.  Lending has had restrictions on lending removed so more and more minority people have purchased homes and other high cost purchases.
Ernest, how did all of that evolve?  I think that the stifling methods of the Democratic Party are far outdated and limiting.  People need their freedom and they first got that here in America after our American Revolution and a great deal of the rest came out of the American Civil War.  To denigrate that history is to repeat failure.Elitist snobs caught in the 19th century - dress code?  In this day and age and in a city renowned for love and acceptance there is still a home for bourgeois pettiness and it is the Union League where people are judged by their jeans.... shame on you for your archaic rules and for wasting my time and money.
I was supposed to attend a paid event on 10/16 and travelled an hour into center city for e pleasure of being summarily dismissed as unworthy.  
Never againDo union league is located downtown Philadelphia and is quite an impressive building and atmosphere
The theme is all around the union army and the location is adorned with pictures of generals horses and military type imagery from that era
It is really a special place that is members only
We've had a chance to enjoy it several times now most recently for breakfast
It's a high-end experience with well-trained staff well trained chefs and an overall ambience that you would expect 
Check the dress code!The Union League is an oddity in what is otherwise a very liberal and diverse city.  It's still the kind of place where you can take out your monocle, light up a cigar, pour yourself a scotch and announce (without having to look around first), "Goddamn, is it great to be white."  And everyone will agree with you.  Because they are also white.
Membership aside, this place is gorgeous on the inside, not to mention deceptively large.  It's got very staid furnishings, very appropriate for the building and its clientele.  Came here for a dinner event, and the service was fantastic.  The food is pretty stellar, even though it was cooked factory-line style for a pretty large group.  Stop by for a steak and a whiskey if you can afford it, whiteyThe Union League's signature restaurant 1862 is reason alone to become or befriend a member. Martin Hamm is beyond skilled, and his passion shows in his top-notch cooking. Refined palates frequently feel at home here, and it is easy to see (and taste) why.
The building is historical and gorgeous, and the renovations (done by a friend's father) are incredible. The new kitchen and the Lincoln Room's revitalization are just two visual examples of the Union League's renaissance. The artifacts are enough to make this history nerd über excited. 
Also, you will never find a more professional, personable, and truly wonderful group of staff than the men and women who work at the Union League. It is clear that these individuals enjoy their rapport with the members--one man's retirement earned him quite the celebration in his honor. They are always happy to chat, and I genuinely enjoy every conversation I have with anyone, anywhere, in the League. 
The men and women who make up the Union League's membership today are increasingly diverse (thankfully), save for their consistently shared attribute of enjoying their personal success, which I would never begrudge any of them. I will also say that these people use their success and influence for an ever increasing number of good charities. From PAWS (who doesn't love puppies?!) to supporting the troops, they make sure they give back to their community. As a military spouse, it is plain to see that these efforts to help veterans and active-duty servicemen and women, and their families, go a long way in making a big difference. 
The League's devotion to etiquette may, at first, seem over the top, but after settling into the environment, it enables one to actually appreciate your surroundings--and your company. Power brokers, businessmen and businesswomen, and some incredibly stylish individuals, deck these halls. Lucky are those who get to join them.Yes, the building is beautiful, the food is good, the staff is great, and all the other good things people say about the UL. I just think it's not quite what it was way back when, but what old private club that time has forced to change their ways is? The members seem more wanna-be-important than they actually are, shocking I know. The exclusivity factor is a thing of the past when a cross-fit membership costs more annually.I stayed here as a guest of a member following my performance at a local cabaret. It was breathtakingly beautiful. Immediately, I felt out of place and was reminded how "out of place" I actually was when told that I had to change clothes before entering the lobby. Jeans and tennis shoes are a no-go. 
Who knew? Whoops. I explained that I was in town for a show and I had only costumes and casual clothing packed.( I should mention that I am a Judy Garland and Liza Minnelli impersonator of some fame in Las Vegas and New York. ) I was given leave to go to the elevator directly and was advised that I would not be permitted to dine unless I was appropriately dressed. I agreed, of course. I didn't want to offend my host, naturally. 
After passing inspecting eyes we made it to our room. It was exquisite. The view wasn't much but, I've seen Philadelphia. So what?! Lol. I enjoyed walking the halls and admiring most of the art there. It was a great thing to experience, really. 
I especially loved the look on the face of the late-night staff when they had to answer the buzzer at 4am to allow "Liza" to enter the building. They would not, however, permit the lovely bartender that escorted me back to the palace, my luggage in tow, in for a nitecap.  Hahaha. That was fine. I wasn't all that dazzled by him and I was exhausted. 
Breakfast was smuggled up to my room by my hostess and we laughed all morning in plush robes that we considered wearing down to check out. Just the robes. Lol. 
In all, I doubt that I'd be welcomed back with great warmth but, the show was fabulous, the stay was free, and we all had a ball gossiping with some of the marvellous staff who realized we weren't Gestapo. I thoroughly enjoyed myself here. It shall remain a fond memory.
To your staff, your designers, your housekeepers, and bell men...I thank you!Words can't even describe the food here. Never had anything so delicious! The melon salad was the best thing I've ever eaten.If I could give this place zero stars I would.  Using the Emancipation Proclamation as a shield to the obviously white-male dominated shrine of systemic racism and crony-capitalism, I was amazed st the boldness of this club which boasts a staff of mostly black and Hispanic working-poor servitude.  Not a single person of color, and only a few white women grace the walls of this club that was reluctantly forced into admitting them in the 80's. 
There is no amount of cognac and cigars in the world to entice me back into this stuffy, misogynistic, world of insecure and shallow men trying to impress one another in the name of Patriotism.I'm forced to come here for business bullshit way too often.  This place is ridiculously stodgy and has a history of discrimination.  I feel the need to take a shower every time I leave this place.This club is fantastic! If you want to have a special dinner beg a member of this club take you to 1862. I'm just kidding, smile and bat your lashes, obviously do not beg but after you taste the food here you will beg to come back! The melon salad and the rabbit at my summer favorites. The menu is seasonal.its a pleasure to stay here and dine when visiting Philadelphia from the west coast. Everything here is a reminder of an era and age gone by, gentility, perfection and honor. For those who criticize the meals and the staff and restaurant, I have seen loud mouth fellow diners who should never gone there in the first place. Deez, demz, and doze, don't belong here and if you  feel uncomfortable, head for Pat's or Reading Terminal which aren't too far away.  Its a pleasure to visit and stay in such an establishment considering how standards have declined. If you don't like my opinion of this fine place, don't go there, know your place and go there instead.