Union Trust prices itself as one of the premier steakhouses in Philadelphia and the quality of the meat probably justifies the pricing.  However, when compared to other places in the city the ambiance and service is lacking.  The restaurant is in an old bank and is pretty grand...at least until you go to Del Frisco's in Philly, then it just seems like a cheap knock-off.  There are also some seats in Union Trust that just don't make sense and would give you a view of nothing but the bus station.  
Overall it's not a bad place but with the variety of places in the city I'll go elsewhere, starting with Del Frisco's.My husband and I went for dinner last night for the first time and we loved it.  The shrimp cocktail had HUGE shrimp which were delicious and the beet salad was excellent too.  The filet was cooked perfect and was delicious as well.  We also liked the relaxing atmosphere and beautiful architecture.  It was a great experience and we would highly recommend this restaurant.Came here for dinner last night. I knew it was going to be really nice inside, but the décor and ambiance exceeded my expectations. We were the first table of the night and had the restaurant to ourselves for a little bit. We used a gift card purchased on Daily Candy, but it would've been worth it either way. 
Everything we ordered was very good. We went with the calamari as an appetizer. It was lightly fried and I really liked the sweet & spicy dressing served with it.. this gave it a nice kick. For dinner, we both ordered the filet and were really happy with what we got. Wild porcini crust for me and smoky ancho for him. For sides, we went with the mashed potatoes and smoky collard greens. Pretty standard but still good.This restaurant is really beautiful. We were invited to the grand opening, but came down with something and couldn't make it and were super bummed. We felt like jerks for RSVPing and being no-shows, so when we called to apologize, management insisted we come back another night. So, that we did.
The service was great and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I ordered the Wagyu steak, which goes for a whopping $100. I wanted to know why it was $100 and I was informed that the cows are Australian, are fed only beer, and receive massages all day. (I want to be one of those cows!) Anyway, the steak was excellent. As was the caprese salad, which I always order anytime I see that on a menu. 
This place is pricey, but doesn't disappoint. A word to the wise -- do not take someone here on a first date. There'll be nowhere to go from there!My restaurant week experience was splendid! We sat down and had service immediately from a very friendly gentleman. The wine we ordered (malbec) was unfortunately sold out, so the waiter gave us a more expensive bottle at the same price! The food was terrific! I especially enjoyed that the sides were all you can eat. 
The only negative comment I would like to include is that we were seated at an extremely large table for our party size. It made conversing a bit challenging. 
Overall I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys elegance and an excellent steak!My restaurant week experience was very sub-par.  Isn't restaurant week supposed to get people to try a restaurant's food so they want to come back??  MAYBE I'm misunderstanding, because it certainly didn't do that for me.  
I ordered the salad, the filet and the cheesecake - and because Christian L, Michael G. and I are fatties who love carbs, we ordered the mac & cheese and mashed potatoes.  
The summary:  Not one of the items was worth 5 stars, and I don't think any were really worth more than 3.  
The dirty details:  
Salad:  The salad was a nice fresh wedge with bacon, tomatoes and some sort of ranch-like dressing.  Sounds tasty.  It was swimming in ranch dressing.  My plate shouldn't look like I had soup when I'm done with my salad.  
Steak:  The steak was prepared as ordered, so I'll give them that; however, the quality of meat was not what I would expect from Union Trust, and it lacked flavor.  To mask that - they covered it in a sauce.  The steak really drove the 2 star review.  I love a good steak, and this didn't qualify as one.  
Side dishes:  The mashed potatoes were excessively creamy and bland.  The mac & cheese was pretty good, probably the best item over all.  
Needless to say, I will not be back.Having heard great things about Union Trust, I went in with high expectations. I love a decadent steakhouse, and Union Trust was no exception.  My wife and I went on a Saturday night for our five year anniversary. When I made the reservation, I mentioned the special occasion. Upon arrival, we were welcomed warmly and promptly escorted to our table. It is really striking and grand inside the restaurant. Stadium seating, high ceilings and comfortable private booths. We had one of the better booths in the place. Much to my surprise, a bottle of wine was already opened and decanted on our table!  Apparently, one of our good friends called ahead to the restaurant and set this up as a gift. I was pleased that the staff went this far out to please and make us feel special. 
Our waiter John was excellent. Great service and paced well enough for us to enjoy ourselves without feeling rushed. 
Food... Excellent. We had the king crab cold appetizer. Excellent cocktail sauce!  I had the Kobe beef sashimi. More or less carpaccio with a quasi Asian flair. Again, very good. Went well with the Malbec. Dinner, I had the shitake rubbed rib eye with balsamic reduction. It was cooked perfectly and overall a great piece of meat. My wife had the filet Oscar. I typically dont go nuts for filet, however, I would have beef extremely happy if this were my meal. Great crab and sauce. Tasty filet. Overall, my only complaint was the amount of saltiness in most dishes. We don't cook with much salt and it was very obvious that salt was the main season here. Truth be told, the meal would have been more than fine with less. 
Beware, this is a pricy spot. Dinner done right will cost close to three hundred before tip with a nice bottle of wine. Well worth it in my opinion. Definitely on par with Bobby Flay, Capital Grille and Flemings.I was SO excited to finally dine at Union Trust to celebrate Valentine's Day with my husband.  I was, to put it mildly, underwhelmed by the experience and it was really tough to come up with a star-rating to give.  I'll go into more details below, but the easiest way to summarize is that everything about the evening that was not our steaks would have earned one star.  The steaks were five star - some of the best I have EVER had.
The issues started with a Friday phone call from the restaurant to confirm our Saturday reservation and to let us know "Oh, by the way..." that their regular menu would be unavailable in lieu of a 4-course prix fixe that turned out to have very limited selections.  This was a HUGE red flag, but we decided to stick with our reservation since getting a table anywhere else for the following night was impossible.
Ambiance:
We arrived shortly after 9:00 for our 9:15 reservation, and were fortunate to grab a seat at the bar to enjoy a glass of wine and admire the striking beauty of the restaurant.  This was the best view we would have all night.  We were not seated until nearly 10:00 at an isolated upstairs banquette with a view of a service prep area - dirty dishes, towels, cash register - classy.
Food: 
We went with the shrimp cocktail (perfectly fine specimen, but nothing special) and a seared scallop with slab bacon (again - a fine example of a scallop) for appetizers.  The wedge salads ordered for the second course were disappointing - the dressing was a watery buttermilk lacking any trace of the promised Roaring 40's blue cheese, the tomatoes were ice cold.  There were only three options for the entree course, and I selected the Filet Oscar while my husband went with the shitake dusted rib-eye.  These steaks were exquisite, and will probably lure us back to Union Trust at some point.  The vegetable and starch options were limited to begin with, and a number of items were sold out when we ordered.  We ended up with spinach overcooked to a liquid consistency, and some potatoes that were forgettable.  Desserts had a similar mass-produced wedding fare quality.
Service:
For the level of dining I was expecting based on reviews, hype and price, the service was poor.  The pace was rushed between some courses, but dragged out for painful waits between others.  A busboy tossed a dirty fork into my lap while hurrying to clear plates, failing to either notice or apologize.  Towards the end of the (late) evening, we started to get the feeling that the staff wanted to go home, and we just did not feel like "valued guests".
I know that some people are willing to make excuses for restaurants on "busy" nights or "special" dates, but I am not one of those people.  If I had missed out on dining at Union Trust for Valentine's Day because they had no reservations available, I would have been fine with that.  Overbooking tables is a major pet peeve of mine since it is such a profit-mongering and avoidable behavior.  When I choose to spend my time and money to celebrate a special occasion at a restaurant, I expect the best they have to offer.  The steaks we received, and the fact that Union Trust stays in business at their price point, suggests that they know how to offer better.
As I get angry again writing this review, I am also thinking of my leftover steak waiting in my fridge - my beautiful, beautiful leftover steak that I know will lure me back for a second try.Union Trust is gorgeous, and I'm still salivating over the meal we had here (a month ago!) I came here on a Rue La La deal with my boyfriend. The actual building is unbelievably beautiful, and it's huge. I wish we had been seated upstairs, but that may just be for parties--when we went it was pretty empty, so everyone was pretty much seated in the same area. 
It started off on a not-so-great note, though, because we made a reservation for 8:15 and weren't seated until about 8:40, which was weird because it was mostly empty. Anyway, the chardonnay I had was good (it was the cheapest on the menu--hey, we're a couple 20-somethings and on that kind of budget). We skipped appetizers and went right to entrees--filet mignon with a garlic rub for me, and cowboy ribeye for him, plus mac 'n' cheese and mushrooms as sides. The steaks were really good and cooked perfectly. He liked the mushrooms and I thought the mac 'n' cheese was pretty amazing. The waitstaff were a little stuffy in that I-work-in-a-fancy-restaurant sort of way, but they were attentive...the water glasses were constantly refilled, and at least 3 staff members said "Good night" and "Thank you" as we walked out.
The one star is docked because of the long wait to get seated. Also, like so many fancy places, you kind of have to shout across to each other to be heard. It's partially the noise at other tables (which are REALLY close to each other) and probably also due to the architecture of the building. Not a huge deal, but we're still searching for a fancy place with good food where we can actually hold a conversation. The search continues...
In any case, I would definitely come back to Union Trust and would recommend it to others. 
...OMG that steak. *Wipes drool off of keyboard*Just had a really great experience at Union Trust tonight. I cannot say enough about the natural beauty of the high ceilings with the Fleur de Lis (i think) inlaid ceiling but on the topic of the food? All I can say is that it was outstanding.  I had the lamb chops which I can only describe as melt in your mouth delicious. My friend had the Ancho rubbed strip steak and he thought it was great because it wss a spice iteration of a tender steak. And we shared the smoked turkey collard greens which I'm taking home because they were  so tasty! 
Great service and great food = great evening.The restaurant itself is beautiful, staff was very helpful and knowledgeable, food was good, but best steakhouse in Philly?  I think not.  I'm a fan for sure, but would be in no rush to go back any time soon.While the food wasn't bad (so a bit over-prized) the service was exceptionally slow. We were a group of 8, so the tip was automatically included and I guess the the waiter just didn't care. The interior of the restaurant is interesting and the wine list is small but good.
Wouldn't visit again.I've been to Union Trust 3 times- all during Lunch since I work around the corner. Here is my breakdown on what I had and what I enjoyed:
The decor is amazing- I love the high ceilings, marble and how the upstairs overlooks the downstairs. 
Service: I don't know what the guy who talked about being treated as a second class citizen was talking about- All three times that I was there, I felt like I was royalty- even with the resturant having other patrons that looked more snazzier than my group. I really wish I remember the waitor's name who we had the first two times. He's great. Very knowledgable of the menu and very attentative. 
Bread Basket- go for the cheesy biscuit! If not the soft pretzel- nice little alternatives to your standard bread basket
Lobster Bisque- the two times I went over the holidays- this was a subsitution for the crab chowder- All I can say is WOW- this should be a permanant option- so creamy and flavorful. When my girlfriends and  I go- we actually split the soup and salads three ways- the portions are just enough when that is done- and we've never once been frowned upon for asking that.
Cobb Salad- very good as far as a salad- again, I reccomend spliting this and or a salad to save room for your main dish.
New York Strip- now the first time I had this, it was amazing- cooked medium rare just like I asked- juicy and perfect with the great string beens that was the veg of the day. The second time I had it, it was just so so- I don't know if was the cut or what but I am willing to risk getting it again since it was so good the first time around.
Chicken- ehh- this was just ok- didn't think it was worth the $15 as a lunch option- it was small and didn't have a lot of meat on it. 
Dessert- for my friend's birthday, we split the smores desert dish- Lets just say I've been dreaming about it ever since! Warm molton cake with carmel on top of a bed of dried marshmellows and a scoop of graham cracker icecream- could go back for that alone!
Overall- Union trust may be alittle bit pricey but based on the atmosphere, service and food that I received, I reccomend it to anyone looking for a special night out"Wow"  is really all you can say or think we you walk into the space and see the high ceilings and tall glass windows.  It is quite impressive and you feel like you're dining somewhere in Europe instead of in Philly.  The pictures don't quite do it justice.
    My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week, and apparently everyone else had the same idea because this place was packed!  We arrived about 5 minutes before our reservation time and ended up waiting about 20 minutes until we were seated.  We had the architecture to Ooh and Ahh at, so it was no big deal.
    We were seated right next to the bar.  I don't recommend sitting in this area if you can help it because other bar patrons were loud and really close to our table --maybe about one foot away.  It kind of took away some of the ambiance.  It took a little while for our server to come over due to the crowd, but once he did, almost everything was amazing from that point on.
    I ordered "The Last Senor" which had silver tequila, chartreuse, lime juice, and maraschino liqueur.  My boyfriend had the "Equinox" that was composed of rye whiskey, cinnamon syrup, and orange bitters.  I have to say, my drink was a real cocktail, in that it was the proper size, was well mixed, and was completely composed of alcohol except for the lime juice.  However, I just wasn't a fan of the taste.  I enjoyed the "Equinox" much more even though I usually don't like whiskey...go figure.  I think it's because the "Equinox" didn't have as harsh of an alcohol taste as "The Last Senor", due to the sweetness of the cinnamon syrup.  
    Our came the first course, the ginormous jumbo shrimp cocktail.  I liked that the cocktail spice had extra zip to it and was spicy.  A variety of piping hot bread followed the first course.  I particularly enjoyed one that tasted a bit cheesy.  There also was some kind of nut bread and a soft pretzel stick.  I went ahead and ate a couple of pieces because I figured the portions were going to be small as this was upscale dining.  However, I was soon proved wrong.
     The main courses arrived and I actually got quite a big piece of wild cod.  The crispy crust on top was nice, but I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce and the vegetables that lay underneath.  They were just okay.  That didn't matter so much because I really enjoyed the side dishes.  They brought out a big bowl of roasted brussel sprouts that were sweet and tender and a bowl of roasted vegetables for us to share.  The turnips were the best part.  They had caramelized and had an amazing texture.  Yum!  I found myself getting full after only getting halfway through my meal.  My boyfriend had the filet mignon that he ate at the speed of a turtle.  I asked him why he was taking so long and he said, "Because if I eat it faster it will all be over."  He kept going on about how tender his steak was.  He had to help me finish my fish because I was so full.
     I always have room for dessert though.  I had the chocolate crème brûlée .  It was very rich and creamy and was bigger than I was expecting. My boyfriend had the orange cheesecake.  It looked good, but I don't do creme cheese so I didn't taste it.   Dessert was the perfect ending to an excellent and satisfying meal.  The service was consistently top-notch throughout the entire evening.    Our drinks were constantly refilled and the courses were spaced out enough so we could enjoy everything.  Union Trust met my expectations, and I can see myself coming back here in the future for a special night out.My review is for the event planning staff rather than dining in the restaurant.  We needed a classy place to host a high end client appreciation event.  My bosses wanted to have a wine tasting and the Union Trust came up with some food pairings.  I gave them a price point to work with and they did their best to get close to that number.
The event itself took place upstairs in a room.  We had a good amount of people, so the room was a bit cramped.  It definitely was not easy to mingle.  The staff was amazing and the food came quickly.  We had 5 courses planned (Oysters, Striped Bass, Scallop, Steak, Cheese Plate), my favorite was the scallops and bacon.  By the way, all bacon is delicious, we know this...but the bacon at UT was the best bacon I ever had.  I still think about it.  The next course was steak and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned, but that was no surprise.
At the end of the night, there was a bit of a delay with the check and that was more of a nuisance to my bosses rather than me.
This would be a better review if there weren't some snafu's.  When I had planned the event with the staff, I had requested that the sommelier do a little presentation about the wines, but when we showed up, there was no sommelier.  After the event, I left over 5 messages with the event coordinator to get a list of the wines so that we could send it out as a follow up to thank people for attending.  5 messages!  I never got the list.
The food is good, yes.  The wait staff is amazing.  The event was quite pricey, as you would imagine.  I am not sure if I would ever return to dine as the lack of follow up left me with a bad feeling.The building the restaurant is housed in is more than impressive.  The atmosphere, decor and service was outstanding.  We started with the shrimp cocktail and crab cake.  Both were very well done.  For entrees we had the rib eye filet and the sea bass with spinach and mac and cheese for sides.  The sides and sea bass were solid.  The rib eye, not so much.  I ordered it medium; it was a bit on the well side with no flavor.  I don't even think there was salt and pepper on the steak.  Overall the atmosphere and service is enough to bring me back.  I'll just try a different entrée.I went to Union Trust on a recent Sunday night with the wife and cannot wait to go back. We had reservations which weren't necessary for the night we were there since it was pretty slow. The hostesses were nice and very prompt at getting guests seated. Since it was slow I wouldn't expect any issue with this but it's still nice to meet someone pleasant upon arrival. 
Our server (don't remember her name) was also very nice and accommodating. Her timing always seemed impeccable and each dish came out in the perfect amount of time. Even in high end restaurants it's hard to get service timed as good as this. 
I started with the East Coast Oyster Sampler which was fresh and spectacular. It had two from NY, two from MA, One from NJ and one VERY large one from the Cape. Our server said the big one was highly recommended as a favorite and she wasn't right. I'm ha vent had a ton of oysters but these were great. My wife had the shrimp cocktail. They were all huge, meaty and fresh. 
After that i tried the baby wedges. The dressing was perfect and overall was done very nicely with the three little wedges and little cubes of bacon and blue cheese. 
On to the steak's were out of a couple things when we went like the aged rib eye, but they still had the cowboy Roby which is what i ordered. She got the Kansas City Strip which was huge along with a lobster tail. The rib eye was one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life. Much better then the Capital Grille. The only other steak that compares is Barclay Prime. Her strip steak was also as good and the lobster tail was great from what i heard. 
Sides were a la carte so we got the mushrooms and the baked potato. My wife is still talking about those mushrooms. The baked potato was actually 2 potatoes which I liked. There was so much food we brought some home but it was gone before i had a shot at any of it. 
Over all it was one of the best meals and dining experiences I've had in a very long time. Now this is most definitely a pricey restaurant so don't be surprised to spend a couple hundred on a dinner for two especially if you include drinks. But it was so worth every penny. Go now.My friend and I had a wonderful dinner here.  We were planning to get dinner off of the restaurant week menu, and I was partially expecting to get substandard service because of that, as it has happened at other places.  I was way wrong.  Our waiter was excellent. The food and drinks were also excellent.  My steak was so freaking good, that I am DEFINITELY coming back here for that alone.  The other stuff was delicious, but the steak was on another level!  MMM!Great servers really help make a great meal.  Our waiter Kevin had a good mix of knowledge about the menu and some jokes to keep the atmosphere light.
Even if we were to have bad service, (which we didn't) the steak is the best in Philly and despite the price tag I always leave feeling fat and happy. 
My menu recommendation:
Cocktail: Grey Goose Dirty Up
App: Shashimi Tuna
Entree: Med-rare dry aged porter house
Side: Brussels sprouts & something that resembled a potato latke
Desert: Bread Pudding
Wine: Some nontraditional French White (i couldn't drink red wine that night so i had to pick a white wine off the by-the-glass list)Went there for Valentines Day 2011.  Food was excellent, with the exception of the salads.  A pre fixe menu was in effect for Valentines Day.  We had shorts ribs and bacon wrapped scallops for apps.  The short ribs were phenomenal.  The bacon wrapped scallops were good, but nothing to remember specifically.  We had a Caesar salad and wedge salad, which were a disappointment.  The dressing was very watery and didn't stand up to the very good salads that are usually served at top of the line steakhouses.  We both had Filet Mignon topped with crab meat, which were prepared perfectly.  Dessert was a Red Velvet cake and Brownie Sundae, which were very food.  
Service was OK, but I am a little picky about where I sit.  We were seated at the table closest to the kitchen, which was very noisy.  We asked to move, but had to wait a bit at the bar for the next available table.  The hostess admitted to us that they forgot about us at the bar for a while.  
The bartender on the second floor made a very nice dirty martini.Top notch wine selection, friendly/timely waiter, good atmosphere. Could get a little noisy. Will try booth seating next time. You definitely have to go for the tiered seafood they offer, its nice looking and tasty. Our waiter Fabian suggested wine that was very well on point and he added to the overall good experience tar we had. Will be returning in the future!This is your quintessential classic American steakhouse. There is an amazing atmosphere inside this old bank with the beautiful high ceilings. We ate dinner on the first floor and enjoyed every minute soaking up the ambience.  
Union trust does a great job of catering to an upscale clientele without being pretentious. I wore khakis shorts and my untucked polo with no concern. It was a warm summer Friday night but not very busy at 7pm which was surprising. We couldn't have asked for a better waiter as Colin took great care of us.
The food was divine.  My party of 4 started with the ultimate shellfish tower. It featured giant chunks of fresh crabmeat, jumbo shrimp which were the size of my fist and the finest crab legs obtainable in Philadelphia. Seriously, these crab legs were one of the best pieces of seafood I've ever eaten. They cut them up sushi roll size within the shell and every bite was perfect with just a little squeeze of lemon. We had crispy calamari too, which was delicious but a tough sell next to the giant crab legs. We all had a wedge salad to cleanse the palate before the entrée time. They were well dressed and full of fresh ingredients you would expect while not skimping on the bacon chunks.
At this point it was time to live it up and go for the surf and turf special. It is once in a blue moon there is leftover food at my table but this time was that aberration. Not because it wasn't amazing, but even my eyes this time were too big for my stomach. The ribeye steak was a perfect medium rare and the lobster tail just melted in my mouth with butter. I was even dipping my steak in the hot butter, I know I'm sick. There actually was the option for crab legs instead of lobster so if you don't get any earlier in your meal DO NOT miss out. There was sides of the loaded hash browns (awesome) and asparagus (pretty blah, save your $11)
I know Philly is somewhat diluted in upscale steakhouses but this one is can't miss for a special occasion.Went there w/ my gf and 2 friends of ours on 2/4/12.  I had been there previously for lunch a few years ago and the food and service were poor.  They obviously changed, as this was one of the best steaks I've ever had and the waiter was very knowledgeable and attentive..  I got the 12oz rib eye filet w/ roasted garlic crust, and it was cook as requested.  I would recommend getting a topper, sauce or rub/crust for your steak, as it really brings out the flavor.
As an aside, I don't understand why people insist on coming to these types of restaurants wearing jeans, sneakers and baseball hats.Seafood platter thingy was ok... the selection was fairly diverse, tasted relatively fresh, but just didn't do it for me. 
SC and I shared a 10oz filet mignon. It was very good. But the star of the meal was actually an appetizer we shared-- the braised short ribs with mushroom risotto. OMG this was AMAZING. I loved how it had a drizzle of cilantro oil ringing the risotto.
The wine wasn't too shabby either-- delicious red. I never like reds more than whites, but man, that red we had with dinner was so amazing. Unfortunately I don't know what it was... and I'll never be able to find out :(Two words: steak month.  That's right, March is steak month in Philadelphia, and UT has a $50 four-course menu that is seriously out of control.  Compared to competitor Butcher and Singer, I found the menu here to be uncharacteristically inventive.  Although there seems to be an abundance of 4-star reviews for this place, I don't hesitate to call this one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia.
Started with Latin "Smoked" Oysters.  They were still raw; the "smoked" refers to the charred herb mignonette; avocado mousse on top.  Unbelievable flavor, beautiful presentation, and at six, more than I thought you'd get on the prix fixe menu first course.  Second was the Kobe Steak and Eggs: real Kobe steak patty, truffled tator tots, caramelized shallot soubise, and velvety egg.  WHAT A DISH - the combination of the flavors made my knees weak with delight.  For my entree, I had the filet cooked med-rare; it came Southwestern style with chipotle sauce, two sides to split with my guest, and manchego grits which OUT OF THIS WORLD.  Sometimes I prefer my steak with only seasoning and butter, but the combination of flavors at Union Trust was a nice alternative.  
And then dessert... oh, the dessert.  Aptly titled Smores'.  Graham cracker ice cream, tiny housemade marshmallows, and a dark chocolate lava cake that made my head spin.  It was literally one of the most delicious desserts I've ever had in my entire life, and what a way to end a PHENOMENAL meal.  My guest was equally satisfied with her meal.
Finally - the server was superb, as was the interior.  When it comes down to it, I couldn't have had a better time anywhere else.Living social...Not sure what we got. One of the appetizers was good. The steak left much to be desired though not horrible. The design of the place could be better considering the money outlay. The waiter we had was seemingly decent yet did not know when not to come to our table. Management failed to keep other staff properly ordered. Doubt I would go again even to try their real menu.I had a Rue-La La deal that brought me here.  I was rushed to use it so I wasn't trying to spend a huge amount of money...it was meant for a special occasion and it turned into a Friday night dinner after first Friday's event with Drink Philly (you should go!).  That said, our waiter wasn't snippy about us not ordering everything and the kitchen sink.  I always worry they will be.  My boyfriend and I both ordered filet mignon - I got the espresso crust with truffle butter, he got the peppercorn crust with peppercorn cream sauce.  Both steaks were cooked well and were really good.  And for our side we got the grits....holy grits.  Sooo cheesy and delicious.  
So the deal we had took off a good chunk and it ended up being like $35 each with the boo's beers in there.  Def a good steakhouse, the atmosphere is soooo cool.  High ceilings, big ol' bank.I was in Philly for business and went out for a nice dinner with some of our customers. Someone suggested Applebee's but when I asked them to maybe kick it up a notch (or 3) they brought up Union Trust. We went there with a party of about 10 people and were seated right away with no reservation. (It was a Tuesday night so there was no crowd to speak of)
The decor is great, high ceilings and dimly lit for added ambience. This would be a great place to go on a date, and it is great for large crowds as well.  
Once I opened the menu I knew we had come to the right place. There were so many good choices I had no idea what to even order. I finally decided on the lobster bisque to start. Absolutely one of the best I have ever had. We got a tray of raw oysters and those were a really good treat. 
For the main course I ordered the Aged 18oz Ribeye with five peppercorn rub and roaring 40's bleu. The stay was cooked perfectly and juicy. My compliments to the chef on that steak. We shared asparagus (the size of tree trunks), creamed spinach, and sauteed spinach. Everything was great, nobody had any complaints. No desert for us, we were way too full. 
The service was excellent as well. I never had an empty wine or water glass, and the waiter was very knowledgeable of the food on the menu. The prices are on the high side, but that is totally normal for this type of food.
This is definitely my type of restaurant and I am looking forward to returning to this establishment the next time I am in Philly, I was very impressed.Oh those ceilings. Wow, so this restaurant has a striking and gorgeous great room with 65ft ceilings that make you feel as though you're in an old art gallery totally setting a very nice ambiance. On the second level there was one TV to which multiple people were scattered around watching a playoff game which I can't decide was a good thing or bad. I'm a sport fanatic and have my TV on all the time while at dinner at home but when I'm out to dinner I feel like if you're going to have 1 TV in your restaurant then you likely need 20 of them and therefor guest are prepared. This just felt out of place and could have been placed in one of their private rooms or something because naturally I wanted to watch but it was too far away and my guest didn't appreciate me looking. Nevertheless the ambiance was amazing and totally one of the most memorable from any steakhouse I've been to. 
The service was good and all the bases were covered with regards to an explanation of the menu, proper suggestions and answering any questions we had. The food was delivered promptly and glasses were always kept filled. We had an issue with our bill which the manager was more than happy to handle and take care of which was greatly appreciated. The server also gave us a great recommendation for a sports bar (with 20 TV's ;)) to catch the second playoff game that evening.
The food was very good and I was very happy. I'm a Barclay Prime fanatic (yes, people will say there are better steakhouses in Philly, this just happens to be mine for the time being) so I compare everything to it. We started out with the calamari and kobe beef short ribs. Unfortunately, I do not eat much seafood at all, its a shame considering how much I enjoy food and dining out, trust me I know. My attention therefore was to the kobe beef short ribs, which actually should be listed on the menu as short rib (no s) because you get just one. I understand its kobe and it was absolutely fabulous with a delicious sauce on top of a polenta cake however I just felt a little jipped when I saw my friends devouring this mound of calamari and I got three little bites. I did sop up the dipping sauce for the calamari with some of the left over bread, delicious.
So like I said, I don't eat seafood so I push everyone passed the seafood towers and on to the back for the meat, after all it is a steakhouse. Its a shame, I know....to my credit I have tried every preparation possible for every seafood item out there and just have yet to acquire the test. I blame my father, we never ate it growing up. 
For four of us, we ordered a 22oz porter house (dry-aged 28 days) and 22oz cowboy rib-eye (wet-aged). Both were very good, but when I compare them to Barclay's here's how the battle goes down. BP - ribeye vs UT ribeye, barclay wins hands down. The marbelization on BP's meat is better and the crust which all steaks should have is much better on BP's. It was still a delicious cut of meat and better than UT's porterhouse. In the battle of BP's portherhouse and UT's portherhouse,  UT's failed to impress and was not nearly as tasty as BP's. I typically always go for the ribeye at any steakhouse however occasionally at BP I'm surprised out the robust beef flavor that they're able to get our of their porterhouse cuts while maintaining the moisture and juiciness I love from the ribeye. Perhaps its in their aging process who knows. Nevertheless, UT failed to deliver on any of those levels for me and simply left more to be desired from this type of steak. Overall the ribeye was very good, just not as good as BP's and far better than their own porterhouse.  We didn't do any of the toppings, a steak should taste like steak. Anyhow, I am being overly critical here because I really did enjoy the steaks, devoured them, just giving you a perspective. They really are well prepared. 
For the sides we got Mac and Cheese and sauteed spinach. Now these were both delicious and I really have no complaints. The mac was perfect. If you'll read my reviews you'll notice that if a restaurants sells mac and cheese, there's a pretty good chance I'm going to get it. Call me unsophisticated or lacking in variety in my selections, whatever, I'll never stop enjoying a good mac and cheese dish. Maybe its my quest to find the perfect combination of ingredients, nevertheless, few dish are quite as satisfying. (Here's where I'll insert a plug for probably the current front runners: Blue Smoke in NYC has great Mac & Cheese and Agave also in NYC has this ridiculous dish they call sante fe shepherds pie that has a mac and cheese base and other amazingess). The spinach was perfectly cooked and buttery and was a perfect compliment to the meats and starch. 
As you'll note, I rarely do dessert unless my wife insist, but we were tapped out after that food and called it day. Overall, very please with my experience.Excellent food, superb service, great building ( former Quaker Bank).I respect anyplace that spends a small fortune on the decor. I don't know for sure but it looks like they spent a few million to build this place. The ceilings must be 50 feet high. The openness is very comfortable. The layout is just right. You can sit at a table on the balcony overlooking everything, or next to the bar where the action is or in a more private area. The fact that there are no echo's in this place is amazing (must be great engineers that built it). The staff is over-the-top helpful and friendly (not to mention hot!) The quality of the food and drink is top flight. I really enjoyed the tuna tar tar appetizer. 
I wouldn't say that it's the newest "hip" place but it's an instant Philly classic steak house with a serious emphasis on seafood.
The prices are what you would expect from a high end steakhouse. Is it worth it? I would say, yes (once in a while).Came here for restaurant week. I know that servers and restaurant goers alike hate restaurant week but for me its an opportunity to try restaurants I couldn't justify otherwise.
The interior of the building is beautiful, the staff was fantastic, and the food was good. I definitely would recommend the lobster bisque. The cocktails are delicious and generous. I had a really great manhattan here.
Despite the fact that it was restaurant week I really enjoyed my meal here and would come back if I had major funds to spend on dinner.The restuarant is gorgeous!!. One of the most beautiful restaurants in Philly which makes for great atmosphere. Very fun bar with friendly bartenders.
 That is about as good as it gets.
 The food is good but only deserving of three stars and not worth the price. The steak was tender but tasteless and the side dishes average. The mashed potatoes were watery and the asparagus was huge and tough. 
I'd go back again to have drinks at the bar but will skip dinner next time. Hands down, Del Frisco's is much better!!My experience at Union Trust was spectacular mainly because of the service.
My boyfriend and I had an 8PM reservation on a Saturday night. (We overheard the greeter tell other guests who did not have reservations that it would be an hour wait for a table for two!) We had a Livingsocial voucher- a 4-course prix-fixed dinner for 2. The inside of the restaurant was beautiful. There were elegant stained windows and an ornamented ceiling. We were seated on the second floor, in a very private narrow strip beside the balcony, overlooking the whole restaurant. It was the best seat in the house. 
I ordered the lobster bisque, calamari, entree of filet mignon, side of Yukon gold mashed potatoes, and Philadelphia cheesecake for dessert. He ordered a Field Green salad, Kobe Carpaccio, dry aged bone KC steak, side of truffle fries, and the cheesecake for dessert as well. The complimentary bread arrived first, and although we enjoyed the bread, we agreed that it was a really random assortment of bread- 2 cheesy garlic biscuits (a la Red Lobster) , 4 slices of pumpkin bread, and 2 soft pretzel sticks. We ordered their Happy Appy cocktail (according to the menu, made with gin, Aperol, fresh grapefruit, and lime) and I decided that Happy Appy was the best cocktail I had ever had. The taste of alcohol was barely noticeable and the intensity of the sweet tangy grapefruit was a delicious surprise. We then proceeded to wait over half an hour before our food arrived...
Long story short, it was the last day to redeem the Livingsocial voucher, so the kitchen was really backed up with all the Livingsocial meals (the Livingsocial 4- course meal offered a different selection than the regular menu) and the order of our courses was completely messed up after a very long delay. Our server was extremely apologetic and we received 2 complimentary cocktails. We chose the Lemon Sparkling Spritzer, which was a more refined version of Mike's Hard Lemonade. Quite refreshing, but not as impressive as the Happy Appy.
The lobster bisque was alright, in my opinion, although my boyfriend enjoyed it. I felt that it was too heavy and the lobster didn't taste as fresh as it could have. The field green salad had salt and olive dress drizzled on top, and it was way too salty. The truffle fries were nothing spectacular- delicious, but nothing out of the ordinary. The mashed potatoes, however, were delicious. The calamari was good but were were getting too full by the time it came around and the carpaccio was...interesting. Very tender and had a fish-like aftertaste. Not a bad fish-like aftertaste, but it was just a very interesting dish. Our entrees were cooked to near perfection and I chose the Union Trust steak sauce, which had a nice plum taste to it, for my filet mignon. By the time dessert arrived, we were both too full to fully appreciate it. Our server gladly boxed up our leftover cheesecakes and humorously suggested we have it for breakfast the next day.
At the end of our meal, our server informed us that we need not pay for our meal or drinks because management  was really embarrassed about the whole mix up situation. Our vouchers would be valid for another meal and he implored us to return a second time for "proper service". 
We were pleased with the way they handled the situation and left a proper tip. Union Trust gets a 5 because of the way they handled their little mix up and the atmosphere of the restaurant. The food was delicious but we were most impressed by the whole experience.Loved my steak and cocktail - remember the sides not being as good as the steak though. Kind of a stuffy high class feel inside.Having eaten here a few times, we were disappointed during restaurant week, seated in the bar the service was just not up to it's usual impeccable level, and as we were ordering off the regular menu....the setting is spectacular and we will eat their again for special occasions, just will make sure that it is not during restaurant weekWe went for steak month and I'm impressed.  The Steak month dinner included four courses with a choice for each for $50.  It was a good deal and more than enough food.  The calamari was superb.  The mushroom rubbed rib eye was excellent and done perfectly.  It was a bit fattier than I would have liked, but that's all.  The desserts were also very good.  I like the atmosphere.  It's a shame the place wasn't busier.  I think there is just too much competition with steakhouses in phila.  Overall I would go back even though I only do steak restaurant 1-2 times a year and have already done barclay prime and Union Trust.  There are just so many good interesting restaurant in phila I can't be wasting my time at steak restaurants, but if I did these two would be the ones.We sat upstairs in this amazing dining room. Ordered a Makers Mark Manhattan, it was the best Manhattan I've ever had. Peppered steak is VERY PEPPERY, too much so. But the server was happy to take it back and get us something else. Our server, Brandon, was also happy to explain the menu to us and was generally really cool throughout the evening. 
Sea Bass on Lentils was stupid good. Between that and the Manhattan, I was ready to applaud. But wait, the creamed spinach! Get out of here! 
All in all a very good high end steakhouse with an amazing interior and great service.We went to Union Trust to celebrate my parents' anniversary and wife's bday and overall it was a great experience.  The atmosphere was decent; it was built in an old bank. Our table was upstairs in a secluded room. Originally thought this room would be loud but it was perfect to hold conversations. The wait staff was overall pretty attentive but there was a couple of times that they were nowhere to be found. Food was good overall. My steak was done to perfection. When it came to dessert, Union Trust outdid themselves by bringing complimentary pumpkin cheesecake for my wife's bday complete with candle and a cheesecake for my parents' anniversary. The one disappointment was that two things that my parents wanted for their meals were sold out and it was not that late in the evening, so that was a bummer. 
Overall the experience was good and would definitely recommend.Went there with my friend for her brother in law's birthday dinner. It was a set menu but with ample choices.  I think I might have picked wrong though. 
The cioppino was so bland, I mean it's supposed to be a little spicy and flavorful but it was defiantely not. The scallops were the best part in the soup for sure, the shrimp tasteless, the mussels average...The sirlois was ok, and the people who ordered the lamb RAVED about it.
 I give this place 3.5 stars because I tried some of the other things, like the bread basket, OMG, the cheesy garlic bisquits were amazing. The wedge salad and creme brulee were delicious and let's not forget about the ambiance... gorgeous! But we have steak houses and great seafood in the west so I'm a picky customer, especially when the prices are as high as they are.
I would definately like to go back next time I'm in town...if I can afford it!Beautiful place with beautiful tasting food! 
As many of the other reviews will tell you, the atmosphere is incredible. Awesome marble tiles, glass cased wine 'cellar' as you walk in, and a fantastic upstairs seating area that overlooks the entire restaurant. 
We went for restaurant week. So I can't comment too extensively on the menu.  I will say, however, that my meal was awesome!
They brought us pretzels with our bread which I found slightly bizarre. I'm in a suit paying 150$ for pretzels haha but the mustard was homemade... extremely spicy and delicious. 
Our appetizer was the baby lettuce wedges with bacon and 2 different sauces. I, for the life of me, can't remember what the sauces were, but I will say that it was tasty. 
The steak was one of the best ribeye's I've ever had. Balsamic dressing with added on (for 6$.. ouch) black truffle butter (Yummm!). Enough said. 
I was disappointed by the dessert. I ordered the clocholate cake, which was... blah just a cake... nothing special.
The service was something to take note of. What you can expect from a expensive restaurant but without the snippy attitude. Everyone waiting was generally friendly. 
The way I see it I would rate Union Trust about a 4.5, but seeing as how they only have 4 or 5. I swung more towards 4. Mainly because of the extremely un-impressive dessert and the high price tag. 
Regardless, if your looking to spend some dough and want a great experience check out the Union Trust!I can imagine that if Sterling Cooper were a real agency and they were in Philadelphia, they would probably have many a meeting at Union Trust.
I arrived early for our 6pm reservation.  I checked in with the hostess and promptly sauntered into the bar.  I was awestruck by the sheer size of this place.  It's truly grand, like on a magnificent scale.  The 40 ft (my guess) vaulted ceiling with intricate design and the the plush, velvet seating surfaces in the booths just make this place feel awesome.  I wanted to be wearing a suit in there, though it's not required.
We grabbed our seats (one of those booths) and began looking over the menu.  A beefeater martini for me, an Allagash for her.  Steak was our focus, so we skipped the apps and went straight for the beef.  An 18oz dry aged rib-eye and a petit filet.  Roasted mushrooms and a salt crusted baked potato for the table.
Whenever first eating at a steakhouse, I always order a rib-eye.  It has become my favorite cut of beef for many reasons and I think it's a great test for the kitchen.  I was highly impressed with the dish Union Trust turned out.  It cut like butter and was brought to me a perfect medium rare.  I couldn't have been happier.
I want to make a special mention about the mushrooms.  They were roasted in cast iron, had a blackened appearance but retained all of their flavor.  We decimated them.  The potato was also perfect and excellent for sharing since it was huge.
I'm extremely happy I dined here.  Thanks to the Rue La La deal, I got to check out a new place and I think I know what it feels like to have a great steak house experience.I dined at the steak house several weeks ago with a Women in Business panel discussion group for one of those $30 three course menus. The restaurant staff was very friendly and atmosphere/decor fancy and modern. The small conference room on the upper floor was cozy and sophisticated for a small business gathering. Spiffy 2nd floor bar that over looked the main dining floor below. 
The food however, I found myself to be incredibly disappointing in the taste category. My taste buds were fooled by the artistic plate presentation. My chicken and cream spinach was especially salty. I tried a friend's fish which was uncommonly mushy and the filet mignon would have tasted better if I bought it at the grocery store and cooked it myself. 
I will say though that the cheese cake was very tasty and I was truly impressed with the fresh whip cream on top. Perfect and fluffy.I just do not know how anyone could give this restaurant a good rating!  We went on a Friday night and the place was relatively empty.  Our waiter was very friendly but the service was rather slow.  Don't get me wrong I love to sit and have a leisurely dinner, but this was extremely leisurely.  However, the reason that I give such a poor rating is completely due to the quality of the food.  When you are paying $50 for a steak you expect excellent quality and this steak was at best just ok.  Everything was pretty mediocre including the appetizers and sides.  Definitely not worth the price at all!  I would not recommend this restaurant.We had a great time at Union Trust last night at their Living Social Oyster dinner. There were probably 30 or so participants, plenty of servers, and lots of good food. The shucking demo was brief, but Tony was very informative and entertaining, I managed to open an oyster without harming myself or anyone else in the process. We were seated at communal tables upstairs and had a great 4 course meal with some good wine pairings. Everything was well explained, nicely prepared and very tasty. The place was largely empty though. Hope they can afford to stick around!I went for their lunch special one weekday afternoon.  I was immediately in awe of the decor: the former bank still retains some of its charm with the high ceiling and opulent design.  
Seated at the bar, I ordered the burger.  I felt it was overcooked and the fries were too salty.  
Would I come back?  Maybe.Good spot. Great food and very cool staff. The concierge/owner/wine-expert/ not sure...made some good recommendations on wine too. Steak was great appetizers were great and so was desert.  We sat on the upper level for privacy and people watching. 
Good looking atmosphere.
Get the filet.Decent food but have had better prepared food with a more elaborate presentation for significantly less money. Also the service was very poor, not friendly, and seated my date and I in a very awkward location when the majority of the restaurant was open. We had steak with a garlic rub which was delicious but not worth $50- nor were the mashed potatoes or the disgusting (tasted like Kraft from the box) macaroni and cheese- maybe it is just me but when you are paying $10 for a side of mac and cheese you expect at least something above college cafeteria food.  I have been wanting to try this restaurant out for a long time and was  extremely disappointed in what I found. It is off my list of Philly places to return to and I will absolutely not recommend it to friends.One of the most beautiful dining rooms I've ever dined in. The oysters were amazing, the new your strip aged 28 days was also incredible. The mashed potatoes were over salted and a little rough, but the service was great and a very nice night with a good friend.A little disappointed.
Went here with my wife on a living social deal (2 for $99) so we had the fixed menu. Salads were good and the fried calamari and beef carpaccio were very good. However the steaks themselves were just ok. I had a strip steak with truffle butter that I enjoyed,  but my wife's filet was very average. She got the espresso dust rub, which I wasn't a real fan of, but the steak itself was nothing special.
I can't help but think that because we were there on living social deal, we didn't get the prime goods. Definitely not a bad meal, but I would not have been happy at all if I paid $45 for each steak and that's what we got. I'd be willing to give it another shot and order off the regular menu, but if that's how the food is in general, there are at least 5 other high dollar steak places in the city I would go to.hands down, best ambiance of any steakhouse in philly. it feels young, fresh and high-end ... not old school or conventional steak house in any way.
the mac'n cheese is zomggaga good.
I include a disclaimer here that I've mostly only been to more traditional steakhouses, so Union Trust was like a breath of fresh air. 
the service was perfect, the steak was perfect, the decor was perfect, the company was ... aiiiiiight. 
kobe short ribs + manchego grits + piquillo pepper relish + red wine jus
yeah.... do i really need to explain? they had me at kobe, sealed the deal at manchego grits and signed me for eternity with the jus. we were basically licking the plate after the grits. 
bone-in cowboy ribeye ...
you will want to get this with BLACK TRUFFLE BUTTER. why? uhm. please go back and re-read! 
scallops and bacon + beluga lentils + horseradish-mascarpone cream sauce
the scallops were so tender and had that sweet delicate flavor that you really only get when it's cooked properly. the bacon was salty in the best kind of way and provided a good contrast of bite against the scallop.Can not...
...write.
Too...
...weak
Lapsing into... food... coma...
4.75 Stars.
OMG - Have you ever had a meal that was such a calorie bomb that you literally felt all of the blood rush to your stomach to try and equalize what was happening in your system?
I seriously feel weak from my anniversary dinner at Union Trust.
Dh & I had a very romantic, dimly-lit, 5-star service (Fabian, you ROCK!), unforgettable meal here tonight.
I may need days to recover.
We started with cocktails/wine.  I had the Flyin' Hawaiian and with what little I normally drink (Being the Empress of the Arnold Palmer and all), after a few sips I was nicely buzzed and after one I was flyin'.  (2 might make me crash land.)
Once the buzz was on, out came our delectable apps.  A very good lobster bisque for DH and an icy-chilled crab cocktail perfection for me (better than Parc!).
We each had massive slabs of cow-on-a-plate.
He had the ancho-rubbed strip, garnished with salty (a bit too salty for me) finely-julienned frites.  I had a perfectly cooked cowboy ribeye (so huge I took over half of it home - and, I should mention DH took about 40% of his home.)  My major complaint (which nearly cost them a star) was the crust of the ribeye was WAY salty.  Not Arizona-desert salty, not inedibly salty - but noticably biting with salt.  Dommage!
Meanwhile the spectacular (and for $9 - $11 a pop they outta be) sides saved the meal.  Mac 'n cheese was enough for 4 people (again, half came home - which our kid will appreciate).  The crispy top gave way to bubbling, hot, melty-cheesey-creamy-yet-tender (not at all flabby) elbows.  (I had been expecting shells based on other yelp reviews - but got elbows.)
I love mac 'n cheese and the mac here is worthy!!!!  So good.
A platter of donut-like sweet, tender Onion rings - battered to perfection and (the only thing?) NOT salty.  Wonderful.  I lterally ate 1/2 of one ring and was satisfied.
DH also got a $3.00 dish of caramelized onions to go with his steak.  Not needed - but so tasty - with a light balsamic/demi sweetness to them.
The floor manager, our server (Fabian) and "bus" Valetin, were all on point with the service.  truly excellent.
Dessert (Come on now!  We have come this far - why not just succumb to the madness) was an I.V. of lipitor.
No, seriously - dessert DH had the s'mores (which did, in fact, look like a marshmallow-meringue hedgehog) atop a scoop of house-made peanut butter cup gelato.  The even wrote "Happy Anniversary" on the plate.  And put a little candle on it. Cute.
I had a latte (delicous Saxby coffee - not Peregrine, but fairly good stuff) with a few spoonfuls of Frangelico in it.
Basically everything - with the disappointing exception of the overly salted crust of the Cowboy rideye - was top-notch.
We hope to return again in about a year.
It'll take that long to recover my arterial walls.
Alcohol, caffeine, salt, fat and sugar.
A dietary disaster - but oh, so much fun.
back...
...to the sofa.
I feel a pleasant numbness coming on in my left arm.I heart Union Trust. It is truly a beautiful restaurant and I especially love the openness and the gorgeous decor. 
I have been there twice for drinks as a post-dinner jaunt after Morimoto and Jones. On a Saturday, the place was PACKED with a diverse clientele of memaws and pepaws getting their date night on, the 30s/40s set spending ducats with their compadres and a few twentysomething big-spenders sprinkled in. It was a lively scene--not pretentious but comfortable. 
I went last night (Friday) and it was a ghost town however the bartenders were uber-friendly and the one male bartender made my "date" (read: sexy bestfriend) a VON-derful (yes pronounced that way) dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives. I took one sip--too strong. I am such a lightweight and he made me something fruity and girly in a martini glass and made me feel like the young'n I pretend...errr...I am. After overhearing a conversation between two yuppies, one flipping his black card for the world to see (insert: sarcastic oohhhh and aaahhhss) and the other over-enunciating the "Haaaammmpptoonnnnss" about "rubbing one out" later, we bounced. 
I can't comment on the food, which I heard is fantastic but the drinks, service, and ambience is worth it. Next time, I will try not listen to others' conversations and just concentrate on the greatness that is Union Trust!So before heading to Chifa for dinner, my friends and I stopped over at Union Trust for cocktails. The interior is gorgeous...and huge and open. 
The waitstaff wears Boyd's suits; each suit was custom tailored for each server. Pretty insane. The crowd is what you'd expect. Mix of young professionals and older men. Not my scene, but if you bring your own company, you'll be fine. The cocktails were fantastic and the bartender let me order a steak salad even though it wasn't on the menu. No attitude either.
Once I'm rolling in more dough, I'll stop in for a real meal. Til then, I'll just have to stick to the drinkypoos.I got duped into going to restaurant week again, this time I went to Union Trust which I had super high expectations for, because from the outside it looked so nice from the many times I walked by the place knowing I couldn't afford to eat there.  But when it was on restaurant week I decided to give it a whirl.  What a mistake! I went with a reservation at 9pm for a party of 8.  We weren't seated until 9:30pm.  WHAT IS THE POINT OF A RESERVATION IF YOU'RE GOING TO DELAY ME FOR 30 MINUTES?! On top of that, I watched the hostesses offer to check the coat of every table that was white and affluent looking (i'm not even kidding) while we had to stand their in the heated restaurant in our winter jackets, and after are table WAS ready they still did not offer to take them and just had them take it to our seats.  Then after we were seated it took us a good 15 minutes to get TAP WATER to the table and then an additional 10 minutes to get your order taken.  AFTER THAT! It took close to 30 minutes to even see an appetizer.  We went through 3 baskets of bread as a table before any actual food showed up.  For the main course that came another 30 minutes or so before my steak came to the table.  I got my entree at 10:45 pm! That's kind of outrageous, even for restaurant week.  My steak was well cooked but already soured by my poor service.  What also pissed me off was the manager, some bald guy with glasses, who came and checked on the service of every table in our section and the adjacent one except ours.  I had a lot of time to kill waiting for my food to arrive and watched as he introduced himself to every table but ours.  Probably because we were a table full of young people he deemed unimportant, if I ran that steakhouse and his sole job seemed to be to greet and check service at the tables, he ought to be fired.  Dessert was a forgettable chocolate cake that seemed to come at a forgetful oops we forgot to give you a dessert kind of pace.  Overall I came up hugely disappointed for the money I spent there and the hype that I had built up.Union Trust is by far the most beautiful restaurant that I've ever had the pleasure of dining in. The interior is just absolutely breathtaking, and reason enough to make a reservation here. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, and the food still manages to stand out amongst all of the other wonderful things about this restaurant.
I ate here with my parents and husband. We ordered the ultimate seafood tower, which was so deliciously fresh that it tasted just like the ocean. The oysters were insanely good, as were the giant shrimp, jumbo lump crab, king crab legs, and snow crab. The tartar sauce was equally fresh and tasty. For our main course, we ordered the ribeye steak, the heirloom tomato salad, a tuna dish with a citrus sauce, and I got the Amish chicken. My chicken was much too salty, and when I mentioned it to my waiter, they were very apologetic, happy to help me, and even tasted it themselves and agreed with what I had said. I understand that nothing can be perfect every single time, so the way in which the situation was handled made me quite a happy diner. For our sides, we ordered the mushrooms, which melted in your mouth, the macaroni and cheese, which was perfectly cooked and used big shells instead of tiny macaroni noodles and had a fantastic crust, and the loaded hash browns, which were quite loaded and quite delicious! They were even helpful in cooking some fresh English peas and carrots simply steamed instead of drowned in butter (my mother is very picky about that kind of thing). For dessert, we got the "s'mores", which was maybe the best dessert I've ever had in my life. It was a chocolate molten cake with chocolate and dulce de leche inside, sprinkled with crushed meringue and served with graham cracker ice cream on the side: I have thought about that dessert every day since having eaten at Union Trust! We also got the Kaffir lime tart, which was huge and a favorite of my parents (my dad couldn't stop eating it). 
Our wine and water glasses were kept full, the ambiance was perfect, and we were treated better than I've ever been treated in a restaurant. I wish there were more places like Union Trust!I have been meaning to write my review to this place since restaurant week. I would have to say that this was a top 3 steak I have ever had in my life (for comparison, Chris Ruth's Steakhouse is also in the top 3). Some steakhouses during restaurant week seem to give you a lower grade of meat, but UT doesn't appear to do that (if they in fact did, then I can only imagine that the usual steak they serve would be better than sex!). In addition to the Filet Mignon, I also chose for the 3 course meal steak sashimi (very good and unusual, but could have been more than a single slice of meat) and a green beans side. I ate at the bar because the place was packed, and the service there was good. The interior looks really nice. Decent portion size for $35 RW prix fixe menu. If I were a "fat cat" banker, I would eat here every week. Unfortunately, I am only a "thin cat" banker. 
Food Quality/Taste =  5 Star
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Star
Price = 4 Stars
Service = 4 Stars
Experience with Staff = 5 Stars
Decor = 4 StarsThis place was really nice and expensive like i figured it would be.  The waiter was friendly and the food was swell.  I had the short rib app and it was tiny. I thought it was a scallop. It was delicious nonetheless. The Mrs. had the tuna tartar which was the size of a hockey puck and very good. The sides were super. The mac and cheese rivals any that i have ever had and the creamed spinach was equally above par. The mushrooms were ok. My bone in filet was fantastic. A bit too salty but other than that top notch. The Mrs. had the dry aged rib eye which was good but i must say I can do better myself on a grill.  I guess this place is a decent girly alternative to the Capital Grille but 10 times out of 10 i'd rather go to CG.Service was great! Are server Joe gave us a tour of the restaraunt and we found out it had great history (they even filmed a movie there). The food was great cheese cake and the apple martinis were to die for.WOW! UNBELIEVABLE FOOD AND SPACE!!
This is by  Far the classiest and best Steakhouse in Philadelphia if not the East Coast region. Yes up there and better than many NYC Steakhouses! Beautiful room. Service was flawless as compared to last visit which was spotty. The bread basket with pretzel sticks and cheddar biscuits are a nice start. Raw Bar rocks, Ultimate 95  buck tower had 12 u8
shrimp a dozen oysters from both coasts jumbo lump crab and king crab. 
and cherrystones.  icey fresh and perfect.  The Kobe sashimi rocked as did the fried calamari and Tuna tartare.  Creekstone 14 oz strips 28 day aged from la frieda were spot on as were the tomahawk Ribeyes and king crab entrees.  Sides are getting better and better...Creamed Spinach, sauteed squash who knew how awesome a gord could be and Loaded potatoes skillet with sour cram, bacon, cheese.  We skipped dessert but the smores looked good as did the ice homemade ice creams.  I miss last years homemade water ices!Yes, ladies and gentlemen, a mostly vegan girl went to a steakhouse last night - and she enjoyed it.  How's that for irony?  But anyway, where do I start?  The outside of Union Trust is modest and non-suspecting, but the inside is pure swankiness with a side of swankiness.  There were a lot more tables in there than I thought there would be, but everything was still spaced out.  The ceiling was so high up I forgot whether I was in a church or a restaurant.  Was I still in Philadelphia or did I portal myself to NYC by accident?
The staff led us to a booth and then gave us their drinks menu.  They have an impressive wine list, but I felt bad cheating on Philly Beer Week, so I went with an Allagash.  I then grilled the waiter (pun intended) about the use of butter on any of their steaks or dishes and he said that they don't use it.  I was really impressed by this because butter is often used by steakhouses to add flavor and maintain moistness.  So, Union Trust can basically make you a steak that has both of those qualities without adding dairy into the mix.  Feeling confident with the waiter and knowing that I wouldn't spiral into a dairy-induced allergic reaction, I ordered a medium-well filet with the porcini balsamic reduction.  We also ordered the baked potato and a side of the roasted mushrooms to share.
Our food did take a while to come out (and the waiter was not the fastest with the drink service), but when dinner finally arrived it was worth the wait.  My steak was cooked perfectly and the reduction that went with it was stellar.  I tried a bite of their rib-eye, as well, and it was excellent.  The baked potato that came out was the biggest spud I've ever seen in my entire life.  I'm convinced it could have fed a family of four.  The mushrooms were lightly seasoned and they went well with the meal.  All in all, it was really a wonderful dinner.  I had half of it wrapped and will gladly devour it for lunch today.theres alot of reviews here so ill keep it simple. my girlfriend and i ate there on a saturday night before valentines day and had actually intended on going to delfrisco's steaks instead. Due to the fact there were no tables available there, we found a reservation available at union trust instead. the reservation was for 915pm, and were seated at 940pm. no problem there, i understand that tables do not open up if people do not leave.
so finally we are sat down in a section where we were literally sitting not even an arms length from other tables. not a fan of the space crowding. thank god these people werent drunk and annoying. for starters we had the crab cake and the scallops with pork belly. crab cake- good
scallops-good
pork belly-not bad
things seemed to be getting offf to a good start wtih the appetizers being good and all. for dinner we ordered two 8oz filet mingon steaks(medium rare) and sides of mac n cheese, saultead spinach, and "smokey" collard greens. 
filet mingons- hers, just OK. mine, completely rare. had to be sent back for reheating. either way both lacked flavor and tenderness. ive had much better.
mac n cheese- AWFUL. heres a small portion of 11$ mac and i can honestly say it was the worth mac ive had ANYWHERE in a while. runny cheese, overflowing with bread crumbs, and noodles that couldve used another 5 mins in the pot. TERRIBLE
smokey collard greens- i have never tasted something so bizzare in my life. and not bizzare in a good way. i had 3 or 4 bites of this mess and could not continue. AWFUL
saultead spinach- ok. not too great, not too bad.
overall, a disappointing experience. the last steakhouse in the city i had been too FAR surpassed this place. overpriced is the key word here. the food quality did not come close to matching the prices. yes the service was nice, but maybe a bit too over the top polite, lacking any real personality. the ambiance/decor/whatever you want to call it was pretty top notch, but thats not really why i look for when i go out. food quality is most important, and that was not the case here.I must say that my dinner last night at Union Trust was one of the best I have had in a long time. 
 My boyfriend and I purchased a great LivingSocial deal for Union Trust - 4 courses for 2, for $99. You cannot beat that! Naturally, our drinks and tips weren't covered, but we were more than happy to generously provide the balance as our experience was spectacular!
We were seated in the middle of the restaurant, at a table for two. Now, I am about 5 feet tall and my boyfriend ain't much taller, so we felt that that table was way to large for us, we could barely touch eachothers fingertips! So we asked to be seated somewhere else. They kindly obliged and sat us in one of the velvet covered booths near the bar - MUCH better! So intimate!
Our server, Alex, was so kind and attentive. And the other waitstaff who came to our table were very nice, too.
As for the food - AMAZING! We both started with lobster bisque - so rich and creamy, with a good bit of lobster chunks swimming around. Next we shared our calamari and tuna tartare. With the calamari came a spicy, jalapeno/chili sauce that really added a nice element to the every so slightly crusted and fried squid. I hate when calamari is over battered then fried, why people?! The tuna was topped with an avocado mousse and served with potato crisps. In the tuna were pieces of red onion, parsley and maybe something else but I couldnt put my finger on it. For the mains, I ordered the 12 oz KC strip with truffle butter - perfection. Truffle + beef = happy girl. My man ordered the filet with espresso crust, also delicious and different. By dessert we were stuffed, but we managed a few bites. He the cheesecake and I, the German chocolate cake - so rich and decadent! 
I cannot wait to come back and share this gem or shiny ROCK of a restaurant with my family.Tough to give 5 stars to just another Philly steakhouse. Lots of plusses and very good. But not the best. Still would say Delfriscos.
Great building and decor. Nice raw bar. Oysters were very good. King crab was just ok. New York strip (had a bite) was cooked perfect, nice texture and tasty. Mashed potatoes were WAY overseasoned. Wine list has good choices by varietal and country.
Expensive overall so I judge harder.My lovely lady and I decided to splurge on a decadent night out downtown together for our mutual Christmas present to one another, and chose Union Trust for our dinner destination. We knew we'd be paying out the nose, but for this one night, our motto was "treat ya self."
The building is absolutely gorgeous, with tastefully painted ceilings about fifty feet tall, and a snazzy, modern bar. We'd made a reservation on OpenTable, asking politely for a booth if it was possible. Sure enough, we got a booth large enough to seat four or five - a very pleasant surprise for a busy Saturday night.
Our seafood apps, calamari and a colossal crab cocktail, were very good and got us even more excited for our entrees. She got a 16 oz bone-in filet, and I had the best goddamn steak I've ever tasted in my life - a 24 oz porterhouse, dry aged for 28 days, with a roasted garlic crust. I've really never tasted a steak like this - it melted like butter with every bite. And for good measure, we split a side of fingerling potatoes, and an entire lobster tail, which really put our bill over the top but made the meal just absolutely amazing.
I'd love to be able to come back all the time. For now, this place is a very special treat that I might be able to afford again sometime next year.Absolutely lovely in every way - the decor, the service, the food.  We visited for my husband's birthday, and the staff was celebratory, informational, and helpful without being instrusive - the perfect balance.   They were also incredibly accomodating: they had sold out of the dish I ordered and allowed me to mix and match appetizers in order to create an entree.  The food was terrific - we had shrimp cocktail, steak, scallops/risotto, potatoes and onion rings (they're right - the sides are PLENTY enough for two), and the small birthday treat that they brought, and everything was excellent.  In short - a wonderful night, worth every penny, and definitely a place to which we'll return the next time a special occasion comes around!We had the oyster appetizers and it was very good, if you like Oysters. Had the cowboy steak which was very well made. The service was professional and very pleasant. The ambience of the place was nice and doesn't give the "too formal" feeling.I went here twice in the last month and had two different experiences so middle of road is what it averages out to. The first time around everything was ok at best. The kitchen here relies heavily on bacon to up the seasoning of dishes. Especially veggies. This place is not vegetarian friendly at all. All the salads, save one, have sea creatures or bacon added. The same goes for the appetizers. I don't remember seeing any that were not land or water animal based. On the whole the first time around we left with a hefty bill that seemed to be more than the food was worth. The second visit was better on the whole. I recommend the aged cheddar grits for a side as well as the asparagus. My steak came out under cooked from what I had requested. This seems like a cardinal sin to me for a steak house. Shouldn't cooking them to temp be the 101 class of steak house kitchens? Nothing super thrilled me but it wasn't terrible either. I still think the price tag is way to high for what you are getting. So most likely I will look other places before heading back here.Went here for an appetizer at bar.  It was great.  I highly recommend it.  The place was gorgeous. Had a crab cake at the bar. Full of crab. I would go back.I came here with the family for the exceedingly special occasion of my birthday and we had a great dinner - excellent service, excellent cocktails, fine cuts of meat and amazing ambiance throughout. 
Pros
-Great bars, separated from the main dining room, feature terrific classic cocktails and sweet service. My nephew scored like a dozen cherries for his Shirley Temple. I opted for the roquefort-stuffed olives in my martini. 
-Excellent red meat. I'd never seen this anywhere before, but I ordered the 'ribeye filet' and was rewarded with an excellent steak featuring the robust flavor of the ribeye with the lean, tenderness of the filet. Sizes a la carte, were amazing.
-Beautiful space - a converted bank with like 70 foot ceilings and luxed out furniture and decor everywhere you go makes the place feel like a special occasion. 
Cons
-There's a weird oyster dish on the appetizers menu that sounds great, but disappoints. Something about oysters in little spoons of vodka-accented mignonette - came out more like luke-warm vodka with sad, drunken oysters drowned in it. You're better off just getting them on the half shell.Places like Union Trust should be on everyone's to do list. Graduation gift to the SO I made reservations well in advance and after reading some reviews was hoping that our experience was in the top percentile. We did before dinner drinks elsewhere and decided to walk down to 7th and chestnut. We arrived and were seated in the rear of the restaurant. I was really happy about this because we could see the entire layout of the place without having to move around. The High ceilings and windows made for a dramatic effect as the sun set and the dim lighting and flickering candles helped enhance the romance that was definitely in the air. We opted to go for wine by the bottle and I chose lighter red Beaujolais which was moderately priced and quite good. Our server Chris was awesome he was everything a server should be informative, attentive and charismatic. He explained the menu to us and gave an us a few minutes to decide. I started with the beet salad and the boy got the crab cake. 
The beet salad was very delicious. Red and yellow beets with a light vinegrette over frissee with goat cheese. The beets were fresh and crisp and the vinaigrette was subtle and worked well with the tang of the goat cheese. 
The crab cake was unreal ALL LUMP baby no filler pan fried to perfection and served with a romesco sauce, basil oil and a piquello pepper relish (NOM NOM NOM )
Since I don't eat los animales Chris checked with the chef to see if a pasta dish was a possibility and also offered a side sampler as an option as well. I decided to go with the sides since I could share with the boy and I did sautéed spinach (caramelized garlic cloves and a slight spice yummy) Yukon gold mashed potatoes creamy, buttery goodness and onion rings these things were unreal HUGE onions battered lightly and friend to golden brown they came with ketchup. The other half got 24 oz porter house med rare and he devoured the entire thing ( poor cow) We were stuffed to capacity and could barely move so dessert was out of the question (though the smores sounded incredible a must do when we return) Chris did however over hear me talking about the graduation today and brought out a small slice of cheesecake with a candle ( very nice touch) and congratulations written in chocolate. 
My only beef ( haha ) with dinner was the bathroom situation had to walk upstairs in my death heels other than that this place was amazingly good from beginning to end. I was very impressed with Union Trust. The price tag put a slight dent in my purse but it was money well spent.I went here for a business dinner, as it came heavily reccomended.  Overall, it was so-so.
The atmosphere and decor were pretty rad.  The detail work on the vaulted ceilings and finishes were definiterly impressive.  Nicely dimmed lighting made it a comfortable vibe.
It's the food which is unfortunately not worth the price tag.  My steak was a bit overcooked, the portion size, flavor, and just overall presentation was average at-best.  Certainly not what I would expect of a "fine dining" steakhouse.  This steak could not hold a candle to say, a Capital Grille steak.  Even the wine list looks decent, but the selection isn't really all that high quality.  A shining point of the evening was the dessert.  The s'mores dish was decadent.
The night was good, but I wasn't looking for good when I came to Philly seeking a high-end steakhouse.  I guess I'll try Barclay's and see if they can live up to the billing.Impressive!
I booked a Valentine's evening dinner at Union Trust and I couldn't have been happier. The food and service was fantastic! 
After sitting down and looking through the wine menu, my date and I decided we wanted to try something different. Our waiter suggested that we speak to the Sommelier who was quickly sent to our table and talked us through a few of our prospects. We told him what we were thinking of having for dinner and some of the wines we usually drink and he suggested one that definitely did not disappointed. He closed the deal by bringing the bottle to our table, explaining where it was from and how it got the name. The wine was Les Cailloux, from Chateauneuf du Pape. While the mark-up was about 3 times the cost buying it outside the restaurant, it was all part of the experience and complimented our meal.
We both enjoyed steak, Filet Mignon and a Bone In Rib Eye, both excellent cuts of meat served medium rare of course. We started with the wedge salad and kobe beef carpaccio, both of them excellent starters. We ended up getting mashed potatoes and creamed spinach with our meal. We never felt rushed and the the waiters were very attentive. For dessert, we enjoyed the strawberry shortcake, an ample portion to split after a very filling me which we both ended up taking home half of our steaks to enjoy the next day.
Overall, it was an excellent experience and I won some great points with the lady!This is definitely one of my favorite steakhouses in the city now!  We went last night for restaurant week, and the quantity and quality of the food for the deal was excellent.  It could definitely get extremely pricey if you're not on the prixe fixe menu, but I guess that's to be expected from a nice steakhouse.  The atmosphere is also awesome.  Situated in an old bank, Union Trust features sky-high ceilings, really cool modern chandeliers, and an upstairs and downstairs bar.  
The true star here, though, is the food.  I had the kobe beef sashimi, filet dusted with espresso and black truffle butter, and a chocolate creme cake with pistachio gelato.  We also bought a bottle of Malbec, which was not too outrageously priced.  The kobe beef was perfectly tender, cuttable with a fork, and well-seasoned with a ginger soy sauce.  The sauce was delicious, although I thought it overwhelmed the kobe beef a bit.  You ended up tasting more sauce and losing the flavor of the beef.  On the whole it was excellent though.  The filet, on the other hand, was perfect.  It was perfectly cooked (medium rare is my preference), and the espresso dust and black truffle butter were absolutely amazing.  They also perfectly complemented the steak without killing the flavor of the beef.  For sides we had green beans and Jersey creamed corn as part of the Restaurant Week special, and also ordered mashed potatoes and Kennett Square mushrooms on the side.  While I'm not usually a big fan of creamed corn or green beans, both were really good and perfectly cooked.  I think it's the first time I've ever had "crispy" creamed corn, if you can imagine that, then add in a little bacon and that's a pretty perfect creamed corn.  The mushrooms were also pretty amazing.  I probably could have made a meal just out of those,  although with so many other great things on the table, I don't think I could have legitimized that.  The chocolate cake was okay - well executed, although nothing too memorable.
On the whole I would definitely recommend Union Trust for good service, great atmosphere, and a memorable meal.Absolutely love this place.
The food is great, especially their lobster bisque. Always impressed when I go here. The servers are very attentive and make sure they accommodate you to the fullest.
The ambiance is what makes the experience so much better. Because it's a converted bank, there's so much more to look at. Marble everywhere, a decorative ceiling...makes your dining experience feel classy.
Despite it being a bit expensive, I would recommend this place to anyone. It's definitely worth the extra money.What an amazing place! From the architecture to the menu this is going to be one of my favorite spots in Philly. When you walk in and look through the main hall into the dinning area your taken away by the massive interior, amazing windows and stylish decor. We started out with a nice bottle of wine from the wine list which wasn't overly expensive. On to our appetizers we chose the calamari which was a little sweet but very enjoyable. For my entree, I chose the petite fillet - Oscar style - it was perfect! Great service and hip bar crowd! Can't wait to revisit.Thanks to the helpful reviews on Yelp, we tried this place and WOW! I am so happy we did!  Upon entering, we were immediately greeted with the utmost class.  We sat upstairs for a more intimate feel, but no matter where you sit the place is dripping with elegance.   The waiter walked us through the menu and offered consistent and top-notch service throughout the meal (he even waited for us to have a break in conversation before he serviced the table... outstanding).  As suggested by prior reviews, we tried the East Coast oysters, which were fantastic.  Also served on ice was the King Crab leg appetizer, served on a half shell of the leg and pre-cut into bite-size portions = no work for you, just enjoy!  The wedge was as good as prior reviews described and highly recommended.  We didn't order side dishes because we got big steaks.  I ordered the Shitake Rubbed Cowboy Ribeye that was definitely tasty, but a little dry for me until I added some mushrooms to the mix.  The other order was a Bone-In Filet... this, people, has got to be the best steak in town. Juicy, delicious, and expensive, but totally worth it.   We really stretched it, but I had to try the Gelato for a finish. You choose 3 flavors and get 3 generous scoops (plenty for two people). Highly recommend the Nutella Gelato, yum! 
If you want steak in Philly, trust in The Trust -- just go with a big appetite and big wallet.I purchased a living social deal and came here with my husband on a Saturday night.  We had a great experience and I would recommend the restaurant for a special nigh tout.  We had a great table even thou we were using a coupon.  I ordered the lobster bisque which was rich and creamy.  We had the tuna tartare and beef carpaccio for apps which were good as well.  The service was outstanding, too.  They did not rush you and allowed us to enjoy everything fully.  Great place for any celebration or group event.Hello! I didn't realize I was lunching at a fancy place! Yes, when I walked in, I was very impressed. This obviously historic building is spectacular to look at. If you want to impress someone, or are sure you want to go to a "fancy" place, this is really great. The fish man, (sorry, I forget his name) in the front was really great at telling my friend and I about the oysters, the bar upstairs and their specials, etc. He was a very personable and enthusiastic guy who obviously likes his work.
We went for the lunch special - I think it was a $7.17 burger, among 2 other choices. I can tell they enjoyed adding on that $.17 for fun (the address), but now I know why. They nickel and dime you for everything. Since I wanted cheddar, instead of the standard American cheese that comes on the burger - $2 extra. Since my friend refilled her Sprite - bam! $charged for another soda$! I'm surprised I wasn't charged for the mustard I requested.
Granted, the burger was delicious, and the fries were outstanding (as well as served in a cute personal fry basket), but the hour it took to get it kind of sucked, too. We were there at the lunch rush, but geez, I'm a normal person with a normal 1-hour lunch break. I'm sure the rest of their food is excellent. Everything seems top-notch. This place might be good for entertaining your clients, or if you have a lot of time and money.Where to Begin.   This is the most beautiful room in Philly.  Some will Argue others.  Service stellar. Water filled constantly forks that fell replaced new Napkins and plates cleared swiftly when appropriate. 
The Food rocks. The colossal Stone crabs were here and we added to Ultimate seafood tower which had huge shrimp oysters colossal jumbo
Crab and. Other goodies.   Fried calamari ans Kobe sashimi and Tuna tartare great execution.  The Steaks.  The Tomahawk bone in Ribeye
28 day creek stone farm.   seemed bigger than 28 oz.  the strip and filets 
Perfectly cooked. Sides. Mushrooms in veal Demi glacé.  Onion rings loaded pots. And creamed spinach.     Desserts are better than I recall
S'mores and chocolate cake rock.   We will be back soon. They were sold out and had 500 covers but did not miss a beat.   Awesome place!