The best pub in the area... Best bar food, constantly rotating beer selection, chillest ambiance, good music, awesome bartenders. Spend your money here, trust me.Hands down some of the best wings on this planet. Be sure to get the Thai Hot sauce, you wont regret it. Service was also great and courteous.So fortunate to have Union tap house as my corner bar!  What you've heard about the wings is true, best I've had in awhile!  Pulled pork sandwich will change your life. Awesome, chatty bartenders complete the experience.Just moved in down the street and am so happy for this to be my neighborhood joint! Very friendly, fun staff. Rotating taps of craft beer and the pulled pork sandwich is awesome! Don't miss the fish and chips, either. Absolutely worth stopping by.Loved this place when it was Union Jack's and love it even more now. The regular bartenders are friendly, helpful and nice. The draft and bottle beer selections are eclectic and quality - a good mix of imports and local PA crafts. They've got all the standard liquors too if you're into that.  
The wings....oh my God the wings...I'm not exaggerating, when they get these right, they are definitely some of the best you'll find in Manayunk. I've had the occasional miss, but even when they're subpar they're better than most place. Sandwiches, burgers and wraps are solid too. 
The crowd is usually chill on weeknights , but it can get lively from time to time later on in the night and on weekends. They have 4 TVs and will play sports and movies. Still cash only, but they have an ATM with a $2 fee.
Verdict: New name, new ownership - same awesome, laidback & reliable experience.We absolutely love this place, and come here all the time. The food is excellent, the bartenders are all awesome, and the music is always amazing. The only negative is that it's cash only, but it's well worth it. Super reasonable prices, too. Can't recommend it enough!!This is my neighborhood bar. I still call it UJ's due to its former name. My mates and I visit at least once a week for takeout or quizzo. The wings are the biggest around and the flavors are unique and amazing, Honey Caribbean especially. My personal favorite food is the tap house burger. The fries are seasoned perfectly every time. The beer selection is always on point and they do take out growlers and 6 packs. My only complaint is that beers are quite over priced. Expect to pay a premium to take out any cans or bottles, but growlers seem well priced. I'd say they have the best City Wide special, $5 Rolling Rock pounder and a shot of Evan Williams, in Manayunk. If you want a great meal at a amazing neighborhood bar look no further than Union Tap House.The food seemed great except for a rude employee named John ! He was not only rude to me and my friends but very disrepectful considering it was our first time there. Obviously  we will not be coming backThe best wings in the neighborhood!  My favorite are the Tex Mex and the Honey Carib.  Great craft beer list.  In warm months visit the new outside beer garden area.  Cash only, but they have an ATM inside.This place is great little dive bar. They get your food out to you super quickly! The wings are amazing and I not a huge wing fan. The staff are very friendly. It is def a dive bar but they are welcoming. When I am in the mood for wings, I will def be back!The Union Tap House is a completely unsuspecting little neighborhood spot off the beaten path in Manayunk that happens to specialize in wings and beers. 
The atmosphere is relaxed, yet not divvy. The old-school music posters hanging throughout the establishment were a great touch of "chill". If I were to make my own bar in my basement, this is kind of how I'd envision the whole thing. 
I was absolutely surprised by the depths of their beer list. Not being a Phillytapfinder bar, nor being right on Main Street, they could easily slip right under the radar with quality drafts like Lagunitas Waldos' Special Ale and bottles of Neshaminy Creek's Shape of Hops to Come. 
However, it is their wing selection that could probably put this little spot on the map. Come hungry and come with a group looking to sample a bunch of styles. First and foremost, I found of all the wings I sampled, they did not skimp on the meat. You can dowse anything in sauce, but you need to have that solid base of good breasts, thighs and drumsticks. As far as sauces, my group decided to go with the mild buffalo wings, Caribbean honey and Bourbon Molasses. Each sauce was unique and hard to compare stylistically, but enjoyable for its different merits. I look forward to going back to try more of the flavors. 
I can see good things for this local spot and hope it never loses its neighborhood charm.The wings are really good and flavorful, service is really good but its quite expensive. They don't take credit cards and the soda is ridiculously expensive (since I don't really drink) - that's the only reason why I gave 3 stars, otherwise if soda prices are reasonable and they take credit cards then it would be 5 stars.
Edit: Tried the Fish and Chips and it wasnt good. I am also changing the stars to two as they've raised the prices of the chicken wings to $12. Not recommended.Our favorite wings in the Philly area.  Especially love the Thai Hot, Honey Carribean and Tex-Mex flavored wings.   Last night,  on a Monday,  they offered several craft beer cans for $3.50.  Founder's All Day was included in the deal.  They have a record player behind the bar,  we really enjoyed the music choices (not sure if that's just on Mondays).  Never had a bad experience going back 15 years, to formerly Union Jack days.Some of the best wings I have had in philly!!! Great little corner dive bar always a fun place to come when you looking for great wings and very low key.  They have a large selection of wing sauces and I always enjoy trying a new one!Great wings and really good beer selection! Seems like a very low key spot to come watch a game and grab some bar food. 
One bartender taking care of the entire place and she did a great job. 
Cash only and not necessarily a place for a large group. Don't expect great parking in that area either, but we will be backGreat beer and food! Can't really say enough about the beer selection. After changing names, the beer they have on draft and in bottles has become even better. Still the best wings around. Was wary at first, but they seemed to have kept the same recipes and are on point. Definitely the best beer bar in Manayunk, and the best wings in Philadelphia still. They've got some new menu items and the bartender said a new menu is coming--but wings are staying the same. Can't wait. Good spot over there. Wish I could get there more often!Don't judge a book by its cover. The outside or inside. Worlds greatest wings might be a stretch but not by much. Damn good. As is the rest of the menu. And the atmosphere might suggest you'll get your order on a paper plate. Far from it. Presentation is great and you can pair with a huge selection of bottled beer as well as a nice tap selection. Cash only but ATM inside has never not worked. Stop by for a burger, wings and beer. You'll be glad you did.Great draught and bottle selections as well as the food! I had the wings which were amazing!! The bartenders were attentive and entertaining and I can't wait to go back again!!I'm giving 5 stars for the lemon pepper wings alone.. So good! I have tried a few different flavors of the wings and they have a delicious selection! Don't get mild, not a fan! Mozzarella sticks are tasty also. They have a decent selection of beer, seems like a nice place to hang out tho I usually just do take out. 
Tip: cash onlyBest bar in MYK hands down no question! New food specials are great plus YOU should know about their wings! Always have rare and hard to find beer on draft or bottles/can. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. Bartenders super friendly and knowledgeable! Go now!First let me start by saying I have lived in the area for over 15 years now and have never come across this type of treatment. This past sunday, friends visiting and I were hungry so we decided to call in to Union tap house, formally Union Jacks. Upon reaching a women on the phone, she had asked me to speak up because the music was so loud... it was their music.. after placing an order for 5 items, she said ok that will be 50  dollars. On the menu, the items listed weren't close to 10 dollars each... money wasn't even the Issue, after realising we ordered 1 to many orders of fries, within 10 seconds I called back to ask if she could please cancel an order. With an angry tone she told me "it's to late, they already started making them" I questioned that knowing that I literally called back 10 seconds later and her response was "yep sorry" and hung up on me! I called back and received more attitude before telling her to cancel my entire order as she then rudely hung up. As a small town, people love the little corner bars and shouldn't be treated like crappy because they needed to change an order (10 dollar fries). Understood if it was an unreasonable notice but this was not the case... I will not be back and would recommend going elsewhere for drinks and food in the futureGreat low key local spot. Their food is always great every time that I have gone there especially their wings. They have a ton of different varieties that you don't necessarily get at other places (old bay, honey Caribbean, peach jalapeño, etc.). There is always a wide variety of beer for those who are into kinds other than your standard bud light and yuengling. I would definitely recommend this place to others.Super cool & nostalgic place. They have old school games in the back & a juke box. The loaded waffle fries were cooked to perfection. Best waffle fries I've ever had. Pineapple Express wings...cmon, the name speaks for itself! Dope!!! Would deff return here.Best wings in town. I don't know how they manage to be so consistent but they're always delicious and perfectly cooked, never dry or rubbery like other places sometimes are. Honey Caribbean, Tex mex, and medium are my favorite.This place is awesome, the honey Caribbean wings are amazing- they are a must. We also had a really awesome quesadilla with fresh mango salsa, and the loaded waffles fries- which are sooooo good. Also the owner is so sweet, and shout out to the most amazing waitress Madison!I decided to go and get wings on a Saturday night.  It was a little busy but we were able to find a place to sit at the bar. The bartender was very nice and was able to quickly provide drinks and take our order. They wings were great! My order was not prepared the way I asked but the error was quickly fixed. I would most certainly be making a return trip! A great neighborhood bar,portions were good as wellI live less than a block away and don't go here as often as I want based on self control. I haven't ordered something I haven't fallen in love with. The loaded waffle fries are crispy and filled with the perfect toppings. I highly recommend. I've had maybe half of the wing sauces they offer and they are all unique and full of flavor. It's the PERFECT bar around the corner.Best wings in Philadelphia, great beer list, and the staff is great.  Cash only - so come prepared!Used to be my go to place. Instead of going twice a week, I only go once every few months when I'm desperate for a quick bite. There was this big deal made about the outside patio which two seasons later, still hasn't been completed. The bar is your typical dive bar, except management seems to have stopped caring about basic cleanliness. Tables are sticky, walls are covered in dust and grime, and it gets worse every visit. Despite changing hands a few years ago due to tax issues, the owner still hasn't begun accepting credit cards.  At the rate in which prices for wings (manayunks best?) keep increasing, it's almost like management doesn't want people to come here. To top it off, food times keep increasing. Ultimately I can't justify going here for any reason but how close it is, but I'd rather walk a few blocks to the other nearby bar or walk down to Main St. Shame, this used to be one of the reasons to live on this block!Wings are good. Beer options are so so. Not a good place for domestics. Service is sloooooooooow. If you are into ipas it's decent place. Overall I'd give it a 5 out of 10. Probably won't be back.Great wings ! My fav in the philly area ! 
Super chill environment and nice bartenders. Ive had the Thai hot and honey Caribbean wings. Both are crunchy and  spicy without being over powering. We drive over 30 minutes for these wings! Always worth it. Their mozzarella sticks and loaded waffle fries are also great. I'd say definitely try it out. You won't be sorry !I live about 5 minutes from this restaurant. My boyfriend and I have visited many times, but tonight was very disappointing. I ordered us two beers that we have drank many times in the past, and with the first few sips we knew it wasn't right. We tried to tell the bartender that they weren't good beers and didn't taste normal. She said a few guests have told her that before but that we still had to pay. She talked to the manager about it and he told her that it was normal and no one has complained. At the end we still paid for two beers we sent back and did not drink. Not the end of the world, but still disappointing for a bar we frequent to tell us something we disliked and didn't drink still had to be paid for. What if it was a hair in the food? Is that our fault too, and we still have to pay? Or do you always blame it on someone else (in this case the distributor?) Just upset about the lack of customer service and lack of care for the quality (and freshness) of their product. By the way... cash only, can be taken out with an ATM on premise with a $4.00 surcharge.I really enjoy this place. Good beer, good food, chill location. Definitely a staple of Manayunk!Great little dive bar scenario with excellent wings. We only had the Dmango Unchained, and they were fantastic. Also really enjoyed the nachos ... incredibly crispy chips (which in my opinion makes or breaks your nachos). We only stopped in to pick up our take out, but from what we could tell the vibe in this place is local, chill and pleasant. I'm putting this on the list of places I need to haunt around me.Great local bar with an almost weekly rotating draft list. The food is always excellent, and they have some of the most unique wing sauces you will ever find. I would recommend the Mexi Jalapeno or Honey Caribbean. Service is very friendly. Cash only, although they do have an ATM inside.Really would say this is a 3.5. We got the mozzarella sticks, jalapeño poppers, and buffalo chicken wrap (fried) and waffle fries. The mozzarella sticks were okay. The jalapeño poppers were interesting, they were more breaded than anything and had only a tiny slice of jalapeño inside them. The buffalo chicken wrap was AMAZING. Absolutely loved. The waffle fries were okay, a little too greasy for my taste. What I did not like is that we asked to change out the ranch that came with the jalapeño poppers for blue cheese and we were charged without notice as well as we were charged additional to have the chicken fried instead of grilled for the wrap. The cost wasn't the issue would have just been nice to know prior to placing our order.Union tap house is the best place in manayunk to hang out with your friends, especially if you like wings and a giant selection of beers!!! I come here every Tuesday for wing night and it's awesome and the beer list is even better. I tried something called a @Belfast point grapefruit sculpin"...what?? Be sure to get to know the owner Bill, he'll hook it upThe best wings, beers and service around. The best hot wings I've had and a bunch of other tasty flavors. Highly recommend the honey Caribbean. Tap list is always stacked with great beers. The man behind the bar, Bill, is one of the best dudes around. There's a reason this is our regular spot.When I find a place I really enjoy I love to share it! So here it goes: My wife and I were out and about and we were close to here so I decided to try it since I've always heard such good things. We were promptly acknowledged by the bartender on duty. She told us we were more than welcome to grab a table even though we weren't eating. The drinks and beer list was pretty amazing! They have an excellent variety of bottles/cans and tapped beers. They also have very creative cocktails and wine list. We spent time talking to the owner,Bill, who really gives off the spirit of a guy who loves what he does and loves his place and his clients. We were full so we didn't eat but the food looked and smelled amazing! I hear the wings are absolutely incredible! This place has the perfect atmosphere of corner bar, local spot but yet a place worth traveling to. I highly recommend checking it out! I'm positive you'll be back! I know I will be! Thank you to everyone at Union Tap House!Hands down my favorite place in Manayunk. Service is friendly and inviting, food is unique and always delicious, and their wings are so good. My boyfriend loves the Cajun sauce and he's a tough critic on wings. Definitely go here if you have a chance!Not as good as I remember from years past. The Thai Hot wings were overly sweet, with no hot at all to them. The prices have gone through the roof as well. When you are charging more than $1.00 for a chicken wing, you're past the point where I'll return. Great beer selection, unfortunately we could only try one, as the bartender was running the entire room, and he was completely swamped. 
This place is still cash only? Come on now, it's 2018, find a better was to hide earnings from the IRS.Best wings around!  Great, friendly, staff and an amazing beer selection.  My friends and I eat here at least once a month.Let me start off by saying I didn't have any food here, so my review isn't based off of that. But if I could sum this place off in one word it's WIERD.  I went there after hearing they had won the best tap list in Manayunk, and that they put in a beer garden.   I walked in on a Sunday afternoon, and there was only one person sitting at the bar. The bartender didn't say anything to me, and after some awkward silence, I asked for a tap list. I then asked if the beer garden was open, she confirmed it was so I walked out back. Again, absolutely no one else was out there, and there no way to order/ get a beer out there(might have been something the bartender inside should have mentioned, but she was to busy watching the movie Superbad on the TV). So I had to walk back in to order a beer, then again walked back outside to enjoy the garden. I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soonMy favorite local spot. Cash only-and the wings are expensive but absolutely worth it.Union Jack's is the best place to get wings in Philly! Go for the good food, good service and good company :)CASH ONLY but don't let that discourage you....these are delicious wings. We got Hot and Honey Caribbean wings to go on a rainy Tuesday and these live up to the hype. Can't wait to be back to try more of the interesting flavors (strawberry jalapeno? let's do it)Pineapple Express wings were phenomenal! Relaxed atmosphere, very cool spot! Friendly staff.The wings are excellent! Such unique and imaginative flavors to go with the old classic (and amazing) buffalo style they serve. The apple-wood BBQ and raspberry-jalapeno are must try! They always have a nice selection of draft beer that rotates regularly. Only down-side is they are cash only which I can't believe is still a thing.I think this is going to be my new favorite spot to grab a bite to eat. We have ordered pick up before here and there and have always had a great experience. Sunday was the first time I actually sat down at the bar to eat. I ordered the honey Caribbean chicken tenders - they were amazing. Sweet and spicy, perfectly cooked. My friend ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich with traditional hot sauce which was also delicious. We were definitely not disappointed with our visit and will probably become regulars! Can't wait to try all the wing sauces. 
Cash only!This is our default neighborhood spot. Food is always great (granted we always get the wings).  We're beer lovers, and they always have a great selection on tap. We've been going for years.Great neighborhood bar. The layout is welcoming and the lighting is just right. Beer selection is top notch, offering some of the better IPAs in the area. As for the wings, they really are as advertised. I got the Honey Caribbean. Sauce is not too sweet and has a tangy, spicy flavor. Comes with a healthy portion of bleu cheese too, which is always welcome. Will be a frequent flier now that I live within walking distance.Love the homey feel of the Union Tap House. Definitely have the best wings in Manayunk and all the food is really good. The people who work the bar are really nice and even though it gets busy they always pay attention to customers.An amazing place to come hang out with good music and good people. The weekends are a great and the wings on Tuesday's half price wings are tastes. Always new beers to choose even into the winter. I will def keep going!!!!Ok I'm hoping my 5 stars isn't premature, I've only been to this place twice. I've lived in Roxborough for nearly 20 years and never have I stepped foot in this spot until I watched a segment from Taste with Tori! Let me say that we stopped by on a Friday about 5:30-6pm. There were only 2 other people sitting at the bar. The bar maid/waitress greeted us with a hello before we could even see her behind the bar. She was amazing with helping us select a wing sauce, easily 15 options. It helped that the bar wasn't crowded at the time because we were able to take our time and didn't feel rushed. We selected a dry rub and a spicy honey sauce for the wings. I also ordered the chicken cheesesteak that came with sweet potato fries. Every thing was delicious! I decided to sneak back for more two days later to have lunch with my girlfriend. This time the place was packed but I was ready I knew exactly what I wanted. My girlfriend order her wings plain and tried 2 different sauce options on the side, great idea for new comers like myself. I have to say the service was still amazing, with a packed house early on super bowl Sunday. My girlfriend ordered a cosmo and she said it was delicious. She's hard to please when it comes to making her drinks. The only complaint I had was that I love onions and for a charge of .50 for extra onions, the onions were hard to find on my chicken cheese steak. Than again the food was so good I probably was swallowing them faster than I could see them. All in all so happy I gave this place a try. Definitely my new go to for wings, quick bar food.Best wings in Philadelphia hands down, I always go hot extra crispy. Bartenders are knowledgeable of there ever changing craft beer selection. The small corner bar style has a warm cozy feeling. Great place to watch a game or just grab a pint.Wings are bomb, I've had the habanero, honey carrib, suicide, bbq, all of which are amazing. Beer list is always legit, always something new you've never had. Fries are also very good. Bring cash and dive in.Best wings in manayunk! Honey carribean and pineapple express!! Great beers always on tap and great staff!I got standard hot wings. They were pretty good. Best part about them is that they are big wings. The wings were a little pricey, but worth it.Awesome place with honestly some of the best buffalo wings I've ever tried, a huge and always changing beer list, and a great atmosphere and staff. There are a ton of different interesting wing sauces that actually taste good, unlike some other places, and the rest of the menu has that good 'ol classic pub food that you love. The quality of the food is consistently top notch from week to week. They've also strarted to do really cool brewery events recently, a Founder's themed one just happened and a bunch more are coming up.
There are plenty of reasons we've been disciples of Wing Night on Tuesdays nearly every week for more than a year.Incredibly horrible service you have to walk to the bar to order food and drinks. Only one bartender was working on a Saturday so it was extremely backed up i ordered 2 simple chicken wraps and it never came out after waiting over and hour. If you'd like to stop in for a beer and something to eat plan on being there for hours.We ordered to go and they made sure we knew which wings were which. Excellent selection and choice of wings. They were large wings so sometimes that freaks me out but they were well fried so not too much extra weird meat. I would return for wing night. Wish they had a special wing night so you can truly try all the flavors.This is my favorite spot in Manayunk! My fiancé and I come here at least once a week for dinner and drinks. They have so many different beers to choose from and make a great vodka and tonic. The food is always amazing, but the pulled pork sandwich is my favorite. Would definitely recommend this bar to anyone!!Went to this place on a rainy Saturday night, food was excellent. Wings to die for, the bartender was great and very cute. The Waffle fries were yum..will definitely be back soonReal nice little spot on the corner. Great outdoor area to have a few drinks and food with friends. A great spot I would definitely recommendUnbelievably good wings. However not much care was put into my to-go order. No napkins no utensils and no dressing on my salad. Ask for that stuff when you order take out because it's not a given that you're going to get any of it. Food is great though so there's no problem here other than as described. Also there was no celery or any sauce/blue cheese despite every pic showing that stuff. Sometimes it seems the places that don't care about stuff like that have the best food and that may be the case hereLove love loveee this place! The wings are the absolute best I've had in Philly, and their beer list is off the charts (plus there are some great cocktails for non beer drinkers). Tonight, I opted to get their buffalo chicken wrap with the Thai hot sauce...was definitely NOT disappointed. So yummy!! The super friendly staff definitely adds reasoning to why this is my favorite neighborhood bar.Outstanding boozer. My son just moved here and lives next door. Reasonable priced quality food, friendly staff, and a working class feel often missing from downtown Maynayunk. 
We are from Boston and our  only criticism is that the place is loaded with Philly fans...The gold standard for chicken wings in the area.  Jumbo sized...every sauce flavor under the sun.  I recommend that Thai hot or honey Caribbean.  Regular hot wings will do the trick as well.  Some of the best crisp cut boardwalkesque French fries as well.  Skins aren't peeled type fries that come with their special house sauce.  
If you ask me what else is good to eat there, I really couldn't tell you because I'm not dumb enough to deviate from the amazing wings. 
Has a recurring tap list of about 10 choices of very high end palate pleasing microbrews.  Also have some rare whiskeys and bourbons.  
Shout out to this place for actually getting Goose Island Bourbon County on tap (Mon Cheri in December 2019) and Founders Canadian Breakfast Stout.  
This place helped me get through the pandemic with some great take out and growler fills.  Will be forever indebted to them.Been living here for six years, and just had these last week. Bourbon Molasses wings were amazing, they have a ton of sauces, going to try a few others, these wings are big fat and juicy, you get a ton of blue cheese as well. Hands down best wings in area.Best wings I've ever had, hands-down. The rest of the food is alright (apparently the burger is slammin' but I haven't tried that one yet) but OH MY GOD THE WINGS. There's like 20 different flavors, my personal favorites being Strawberry Jalapeno, Cajun, Thai Hot, and any of the traditional Buffalos'. They're cash only, and there's an ATM there, but head's up. The staff is really knowledgeable about their beer selection and will give you top-notch advise about which of the always rotating taps and cans to give a try.
The one thing they could improve is having more than one bartender on at a time - you can wait quite a while before having your order taken/drink refilled/napkins replenished, not because of inattentiveness, but simply because there are too many people for one bartender/server to manage at once.I'm from Rochester, NY (30 min from Buffalo) and grew up an great wings (Duff's). Union Tap is the closest thing I've had to real wings here in Philadelphia.Best beer selection in the area, hands down. 
And yes, their wings are the best in the universe. Prove me wrong.This is my new wing spot. I'm upset that I've been living in Roxborough for 2.5 years now and this was my first time there. I got the Pineapple Express wings after having them recommended to me from the bartender. They did not disappoint. They are tossed in a pineapple habanero sauce with pineapple and bacon pieces sprinkled on top. These wings were cooked to perfection and had great flavor. They have a long list of wrong flavors but it Will be hard for me to get anything else after having that. The fried pickles were really good as well. They used dill pickle spears which were very well seasoned and came with a spicy chipotle sauce. I would definitely order them again as well.The waiters here are very nice, but the MANGE
ENT sucks!!! The owner was so rude to us when we asked for a table with a heater (which was broken) and for that we will never be back.Solid buffalo wings although it can be a little inconsistent with respect to crispiness. Their selection of sauces is good--strawberry jalapeno is my recommendation. Their fries are good too. 
Don't come here if you want to eat healthy.They have really good wings, and the seeded rolls for sandwiches are phenomenal. A nice selection for food & drink. Friendly staff.After living on Fountain St for a full year, we realized we had somehow never made it down to Union Tap House and figured it was definitely time to change that.  Tuesday wing night seemed like the perfect opportunity. 
The place has a real old-time, musty feel inside, although there is a beautiful beer garden out back.  The day we went it was raining, so we were stuck indoors. Luckily the bar tender is friendly, and the bar is well organized and stocked with interesting draft beers that are constantly changing.  The obvious draw here is the wings, with lots of interesting flavors like a dry lemon pepper rub. There's also plenty of choices for non-carnivores, as well.  Can't quite believe it took us over a year to check this place out, but we'll definitely be back!Both The Infatuation and Eater don't list this this place amounts their list of best wings in the Philadelphia area which is just beyond baffling. The interior is a cross between dive bar and cozy winter tavern. I ordered the hot wings and could not have been happier I made the drive from Philly. The fry on the wings was crispy and the meat-heavy wings were tender. The hot Buffalo sauce and homemade blue cheese were to die for. The bartender told me the other flavors (of which there are plenty) are even better than their Buffalo and the man next to me told me to try the cheesesteak next time. I also ordered the fried pickles that were excellent. The wings came in a pool of sauce that made me wish I had ordered fries to dip into. The menu lists the wings are a bit more expensive than usual, and they hope to reduce prices one day, but for the amount of meat you get on the wings, it's a square deal.I went here not on a spare of the moment type thing but a planned road trip.   I only say road trip because anytime I have to take I76 or I95 to an establishment it's a "road trip" so I finally make it last Friday night 4/12/19 and it was a well worth it trip.  It was low key(around 9ish) did not have to wait for a table but the place was full.   I couldn't wait to try these world famous wings I've read so much about.   They were freakin delicious.    The presentation alone got me.  They came out fast and pipping hot.  The waitress also suggested drinks which I have never heard of but was close to what I usually drink (whiskey sours) but whatever it was did not disappoint.    The staff was very attentive I should have gotten her name but needless to say I will be back and I hope to see her again.   Garlic parm wings and mozzarella sticks were out-of-sight.    I hope the outside area opens up soon!   I can see me spending more Friday nights there.  XoXoThe wings are mouthwatering....new favorite combination of their hot and garlic is off the charts perfection- they so need to offer this as an option!. I so appreciate them for accommodating that as it was a flavor burst like no other. The waffle fries nachos with pulled pork...perfection. As someone that lives in the city this dive bar may outdo ones I highly ranked. I went twice this week if that says anything. Service is a bit slow as they really should have another person and or a runner/bar back on, but our server was so friendly and accommodating it's hard to ding them for that...only comment is you could get a larger tab though we weren't in a rush.
Went on Wednesday and Friday. There's quizzo on Wednesday's. It may have been the oddest quizzo I've been to as they run through ten questions each round without time for thought...you have to go back at the end of the round. Also you can't hear everything if you aren't sitting near the emc. Odd to me, but my focus was the food, drink, and company. I feel I need to make this a weekly regular go-to as the food really speaks for itself.