Good place to bring a group of friends. Order the BBQ or Honey Caribbean wings.  Cash only.  I'll even call this place and do a pick-up order.  Would recommend.The wings are great, I especially enjoy the Honey Carribean. The beer selection is pretty decent. But honestly.. I won't go back here. The service is horrendous & unwelcoming. Upon arrival instead of a greeting we basically got screamed at "YO you guys got ID?" Which is no problem, I have no issue proving that I'm of age. I just thought it was rude to yell to us from behind the bar the way that the bartender did. Then the bartender questioned where we sat. "You sure you guys wanna sit back here" Uhmm... YEA otherwise we would have sat at one of the 5 empty tables. His approach was just rude. Once we ordered and got our food, we were never brought napkins or any type of utencils. He also never came back to check on us, give us a refill on our drinks or anything. And it wasn't even busy! We had to go back up to the bar to get our check otherwise we would have been sitting there for who knows how long until he came back over..
If you can deal with rude customer service, go to Union Jacks.. otherwise steer clear. This one experience left a really bad taste in my mouth.First time I ate here it was amazing. Wings were fantastic and the hush puppies were amazing. Ordered earlier today for lunch. Pretty standard order. Was told it would be about 45 mins. Get to the bar wait a good 10 mins without anyone behind the bar. FINALLY the bartender comes and I tell him I was there for a pick up. He told me "oh our cook didn't show up, I can make the fried food thought." He didn't have a return number obviously but even via caller I'd could have figured it out. Above all else, none of the things he could fry were done. Never again.I just moved into the Manayunk area and I am lucky enough to be only 2 blocks from this hidden gem. 
We walked in around 9pm on a Saturday night. The place was pretty lively. Almost every chair was taken at the bar and every table had been spoken for (or so we thought). We walked right up to the bar. Ordered some beers (got carded, but that didn't bother me). It keeps the rowdy underage college kids out.  The crowd was mainly late twenties to thirties with some others thrown in. The bartender asked if we wanted a table and then kicked some kids out of the one table that had decided to separate themselves from their family. 
After reading many of the Yelp reviews, I OBVIOUSLY had to try the wings. Between my group, we ordered medium, Thai Hot, Bourbon Molasses, and Honey Caribbean.  Hands down, my favorite was the Thai Hot! It has an amazing sweet chili sauce! No other sauces needed. Same thing with the Bourbon Molasses! Sweet and crunchy! The Honey Caribbean was not my cup of tea. It was a jerk-type seasoning. The Medium Buffalo wings were not the best I've ever had, but pretty damn good. The only down side here is that you have to pay extra for the side of bleu cheese/ranch and celery. 
The beer selection was damn good. They had local beers as well as beers from other countries/states. We went in early November, so some pumpkin seasonals still hanging around as well. 
I think I've found my new neighborhood spot!!Wings and selection of beer is great! Awfully rude and just unpleasant female bartender.As others have mentioned, the wings really are on point.  Always fresh and all the sauces I've tried have been delectable.  I look forward to trying them all! Hushpuppies are also yummy, and the beer selection on tap is eclectic and always changing. The bartenders I've had are all great.  Cash only, though - that is good to note.  Love, love, love this place! Perhaps I'm biased because it is stumbling distance from my house....The wings are phenomenal, and I consider myself to be a wing connoisseur. Crispy, juicy, meaty, flavorful. I used to go to the Glenside location all the time when I lived there. Wing night on Tuesday nights is a no-brainer... an order of wings and a beer will cost you around 10 bucks. My go-to flavor is the Habanero, but if you're not into all that heat, then the Honey Caribbean are delish, as well as the hot, barbecue, southern country. I used to eat the rump roasters at the Glenside location, but that flavor isn't offered in Yunk. When I find something that works (especially as well as these wings) I usually stick to it. Therefore, I can't speak to anything else on the menu. Oh wait, the hand-cut English chips are awesome, too... with some malt vinegar drizzled overtop. It's nice and cozy inside, a bit divey, but not TOO divey. Dart board, Golden Tee, tables, bathrooms, oh and it's still CASH ONLY!!!
Beer selection is good. Not a ton of taps, but they'll have some on the list that you've never heard of. Vast bottle selection, too.The food is good, the beer selection is great, but the service is unfriendly and cold. I stopped in several times over the summer and the guys behind the bar seemed like good people, the company was decent and there was a nice old english pub vibe. Since the weather started turning, there is always a bitter little dude with glasses behind the bar and the vibe has completely gone south. So disappointing. Hopefully the good guys come back, I'd give it another shot, just for the beer alone.Nice local place. Good beer selections. Service was a little slow. Parking is a bitch but it's the city. Would go again and try the wings. They smell delicious.Of course being a chicken wing fan like everyone else who checks out Union Jacks, I was quite dismayed the first time I stopped in a couple years ago.  The wings were totally awful.  Fatty, stringy.  I was astounded.  These were the so called best wings in the world?  Was this a joke?  Well, this year I moved to a new house and wound up quite a bit closer to Union Jacks.  Always in search for a good local dive bar and always in search for good chicken wings, I jumped back on trusty Yelp and saw the stunning wing reviews from nearly everyone.  So I decided to give Union Jacks another shot, and about 5 more shots later, I have to say that first time was an aberration.  The wings are great!  Big, juicy, not stringy or fatty at all.  Reasonably priced with a number of quality sauce options to choose from (my favorite that I've had so far being the apple honey bbq.)  All the posts about the staff being poor, at least this year, are unfounded.  I've yet to have any problems with staff being attentive or overcharging or being rude, and have had fine service whether sitting at a table or at the bar.  The bar list is fantastic for craft beer fans such as myself with beers from Founders, Stone, Ballast Point, Yards, etc.... on tap.  Beer prices are on the higher end, but also was able to snag a $2.50 Yuengling on tap last night.  Keeping Union Jacks from 5-stars: Lack of a great happy hour (as far as I am aware), gaps in the music being played leaving the bar silent at times, lack of a horseshoe bar (yes, horseshoe bar is that epic), and cash only status.  I have yet to get anything else off the menu besides wings, but have yet to see the need.  I'm glad I gave Union Jacks another shot and plan to be back in a couple times per month for my wings fix.Okay, I realize my last review may have been embellished.  I was, am, and will always be a big fan of Banana Bread beer.  However, the rating a bar deserves should have no correlation with the amount or type(s) of beer I may or may not be obsessed with.
That being said, here is my review of Union Jack's, part two:
Their wings fail to live up to their hype.  The beer on draft is high end, and often lacks diversity.  Don't get me wrong, I love great beer and I should be estatic when I find a place that serves Allagash on draft.  However, I am amazed that a cash only establishment can succeed serving $7 beers.  At first, this bar seems misplaced but maybe its poor location allows it to survive.A great corner bar with a casual decent atmosphere. Food is pub grub style and perfect. Beer selection is good and the bartenders are awesome.been here a couple times.
their tap rotation seems right on and of the five beers i drank i only repeated once. they had the flash black saison. oh yeah. it is the bar's strongest attribute with service and friendliness a close second. 
service is that of a local pub. happy to strike up a conversation about whatever. a definite plus. 
food is decent and priced accordingly. wings are damn good. 
overall. i would frequent this place regularly if it was in my hood. not the place i would take my girlfriend though.went here today and was dissappointed with the wings they were more soggy than crispy and not spicy enough for me I liked how they slice their celery and its fresh and crunchy and the blue cheese was good but the wings were just okCame here with a friend who said I'd love their wings... I'm picky when it comes to buffalo wings they've gotta be just right I ordered the Caribbean wings and was back the next day for another order this is my new wing spot for sure. I saw some one else order a burger that looked really good too and their fries are cut freshI'm so glad that, after driving my Union Jack's like a million times, we decided to go visit. I would give Union Jack's the biggest compliment I could give any bar: it's evocative of my favorite bar, Flat Rock. That is to say that they have a wide selection of craft brews, in bottles and on tap; very well-prepared food at extremely reasonable prices; and a laid-back atmosphere where pretty much anyone would feel comfortable. 
They do make the bold (if not a little tired) claim to having the "world's best wings." While I'm generally suspicious when I hear such chest-thumping, I will concede that their wings are likely among the best in the world.  They have a good selection of creative sauces, in addition to the standard spectrum of wing sauce ordered by their probability of melting your face off. 
The bartenders are very nice once you get talking to them, and the place has an all-around welcoming vibe to it. I would def recommend stopping in. 
Note: CASH ONLY.Rotating draught list. Get a sample if you aren't sure. Then you don't end up with a whole pint of pineapple ale. What was I thinking!?Wings are the best in roxborough/manyunk area... Only thing holding it back from a 5 is service.. Bartenders are rude and when bar is busy they disappear and nowhere to be seen.. Also no domestics for bear all imports or craft beersIt was a long time coming before I got my wish to go here. I'd be driving up fountain street on my way home from work where'd I'd pass the world famous buffalo wings sign wondering how good they could be.  I received my answer this past week where I got the regular hot wings for take out.  They were right on the money.  Big, juicy, not too fatty but not too dry either.  Everyone had said they were the best place in town and they were.  I gotta go back and scope out the other flavors!Yum yum yum! Food is delicious and they have a great beer selection. My boyfriend is happy they have a golden tee machine. Great local spot!Too Small,  thats the only reason i don't give 5 stars.  Because I want to bring all of my friends here to eat the most delicious wings in Manayunk.  What kind you ask???  All of thier 13 or 15 varieties.  I tryied 5 kinds this past trip and think the Habanero are the best but the mexi jalapeno are awesome as well.  I don't really know about anything else about this place but the wings and good priced beer.  So thats it.Stopped in here the other night with friends and while displeased with the somewhat unfriendly service, there was a decent selection of beer and tasty appetizers. Famous for their wings, we were disappointed that they were out of the Raspberry Jalapeno wings, but the Honey Caribbean wings were phenomenal. The Mexi-Jalapeno wings were very hot! 
When I asked what made them "Mexi-" I was told, "that's a secret recipe, I can't tell you."  I didn't want the recipe, I just wanted to know what they meant by Mexi- and the bartender was kind of a jerk about it.
Two flat screen TVs, a couple cases of specialty bottled beers, fun divey atmosphere.Union Jack's is a popular neighborhood pub "on the other side of Green Lane" in the Manayunk hood of Philadelphia.  It often functions as a place you stop in on the way to and from Main Street.  But it's got some positives of its own.  First it has one of the best Chicken Wing selections in the Delaware Valley.  You can have them prepared so many different ways and with different sauces.  The Caribbean Honey is very tasty but of course the standard Blue Cheese is great as well ... and some props for the Raspberry Jalapeno sauce.  They also have hush puppies on the menu which is pretty rare up here in the northern country.  The beer selection is extensive enough to find something for your taste..  Service can def be on the slower side .... even when it's not busy but you will at some point get your food and drink.  The prices are what takes Union Jack's out of pure neighborhood territory.  Your bill at the end of the evening will weigh as heavy as the bills do in Center City.  It's not cheap  .... (or did we really drink that much?)Will NEVER go back. The bartender runs your tab up. We took over this place for a friends birthday and it's cash no credit card. I brought my cousin and her boyfriend to hang out. We were there the whole night and brought a huge crowd. I paid cash all night. My cousins bf bad a tab and went to close out the bill and it was over $100. They didn't get food and there were 2 orders of wings and chicken fingers and miscellaneous drinks that weren't theirs.  There were only two people in our whole group that even ordered food the whole time we were there. Needless to say not only did the bartender not take this off he told me I was drunk and blamed their tab on someone who had left that we had to pick up. I've never heard of such a thing. Either way none of us will ever go back. Dear Union Jacks, that's not how you run a business and I will tell everyone I know this story. You were incredibly rude.Definitely some of the best chicken wings I've ever eaten. I order 50 to go, after I finished eating, so I could have some later. I didn't have any issues with the staff, at least the lunch shift. They were very nice and helpful. Beer selection was pretty good for a place so far off the beaten path. Overall a cool place with goo foodGreat service, great beer list, great bar food. Under new ownership who has made some positive changes to improve the experience. Great local bar.Cool little corner bar with a nice atmosphere. Another claimant to the world's best wings tittle, and while I cannot judge that i can tell you they are extremely good. The kind of good that forces you to dunk your bones afterwords so you can slurp the extra sauce off. The wings come in a variety of sauces (bourbon molasses being my favorite) so I usually switch flavors throughout the night, much like I do with the variety of good beers they have in stock. 
Used to come in on Wednesdays for quizzo but now mainly for takeout, still always a nice spot to stop in for a tasty meal and brewI love my local pub! This isn't a place to be fawned over. The beer is good, the food is pretty good and the staff is friendly to regulars. That's it. If that's what you want then it's a five star joint. If you want excellent customer service, sparkling tables, friendly patrons and Instagram worthy food, go to Amada or something.I live near, and have been a regular at, Union Jack's Glenside location for more than 20 years. My impression of the Manayunk location, for that reason, was a bit tainted. I had firm expectations. I write this review from that perspective. 
Neither the food, beer, nor atmosphere, were disappointing. Virtually the same place. A bit smaller, but the same food quality, same beer selection, and the same atmosphere. I read the complaints about the attitude of the staff, and noticed it a bit, but hey, I'm comparing it to a location where everyone literally DOES know my name. I didn't really expect to be treated the same way. 
I work in East Falls, so my biggest complaint is that they aren't open for lunch.You really can't go wrong with a bar that serves Troeggs, Spaten, Hacker Pschorr and a multitude of other craft  and boutique brews.  This place is a nice change from the usual watering holes pouring out pints of Miller, Coors, and Bud.  The vibe is comfy and cozy and is perfect on a cold winter's eve.  Supposedly, they have the "World's Best Wings".....not sure what to believe since this trip was strictly beer only.  Will definitely go back and try the wings with one of their crazy sauces.....sure to be a good time!
CASH ONLY so leave those credit cards at home!!If I lived in Manayunk, I'm pretty sure I would have walked right by this place.  Since, it doesn't look like anything special from the outside, you would never assume what kind of awesomeness awaits on the inside.  It's a fairly small dive bar.  But it's not like the kind of dive that's so trashy/townie you can't be there.  Nor is it the kind of dive bar that's really a hipster bar trying to be a dive bar.  It's just a genuinely fun, laid back place to be.  The night I was there, they had a live band.  The band wasn't anything special but it made the atmosphere more complete.
The food here is amazing.  They offer standard bar fare - wings, fries, etc - but it's anything but standard.  We had raspberry jalepeno wings (definitely the most unique flavor I've ever seen), honey caribbean wings, and cajun fries.  I've heard their bartenders and cooks rotate each day, which makes the personality of the joint and the food change daily.  I've also heard that some of the cooks have entered their wings, chili, etc in local food contests.  So they're definitely making quality food. 
I was highly impressed with the beer selection.  We were there on the night of their winter beer festival.  They were severing four different flights of beer each with four different beers.  It was reasonably priced and a great way to sample drinks you wouldn't necessarily try.
Good thing I don't live anywhere near this bar or I'd be a regular.Fun, great people but wouldn't necessarily come here every night. A "hole in the wall" but totally worth it if you're looking for a relaxed night. The good is stellar and beer menu great. Wine list non existent and their vodka choices are slim.I don't eat wings, ever. But I ate them here. A lot of them. The honey-Caribbean kind. I was with a couple friends and we ordered thirty. The wings came out steaming, juicy, smothered in sauce. God, they were good. We left a chicken-wing graveyeard in our respective baskets. 
The only negative? The bleu cheese was congealed and gloppy. Gross.The best craft beers and wings this side of the Mississippi. I love this place and will be a regular forever!I can only attest that the wings here are awesome! They have a small but satisfying craft beer selection that is always changing. The place is a dive with lots of wood, but it is definitely a comfortable feel and the crowd is excellent. The wings are crispy and they have a variety of sauce flavors that could appease any wing connoisseur. I haven't tried any of the other food but I saw other people get sandwiches and they looked really good. I definitely recommend coming here.It's a small old style bar. Cash only. But the wings and the flavors they have are great. Friendly atmosphere. If into craft beers they have plenty for you to try.Went in twice about two years apart. Each time the bartenders refused to acknowledge me. I think they're actively discouraging the over 40 crowd from coming in.The bartenders there are geeks and take their job too seriously but the wings are goodI would have rated this place a 4 (5 if they would step into 1995 and accept cards) as of last week due to their wings, overall friendly staff and local neighborhood bar mentality. As a side note, I would typically visit during the afternoon on weekends. My feelings about this bar changed dramatically the other night when the bartender/waiter was a complete and utter a**hole. There is no other word for it. Not only was he rude and dismissive to my girlfriend and I, I witnessed his arrogance and "I'm too cool for school' attitude with the two neighboring tables. I grew up in a family who works in the service industry and this is the first time I haven't left a tip in 10 years. I don't think his poor customer service is or should be a reflection on the rest of the staff because I've had pleasant experiences otherwise but the owner has to notice this idiot's behavior and do something about it.Having grown up around Buffalo, I consider myself a wing connoisseur of sorts. And in the 7 plus years I've lived in the Philly area, I've been pretty disappointed with the options. That is, until I stepped foot into the tiny space known as Union Jacks. 
My girlfriend and I had heard about the place via a friend and on a boring weeknight, figured we'd give it a shot. Looks wise, it's pretty much your standard hole in the wall. But do not let that deter you! The wings here are every bit as good as advertised! We have since made a number of return trips and tasted every option, all of which are pretty good. However, they do not take cards, so if you come make sure to bring cash (they also have an ATM in the back).Let me start by telling you that Union Jacks is on the opposite side of Manayunk from me, so I might be a bit biased.  And while I've been there several times, I've also never had more than drinks and wings.
With the warnings out of the way, I am left with very little to say... Prices won't kill you, but the place is Cash Only.  Service won't thrill you, but  the place is small enough to always find a bartender.  And since I'm out of rhyming words, I'll just say the food is... well.. eh.I've lived in this neighborhood for awhile now and only recently decided to give this place a try. The beer selection is good but I'm not happy about the pricing. However this will be my go-to place for wings in this neighborhood from now on. I've been on a long search for one. Lots of places boast about their wings but I was pleasantly surprised here and it was priced well. 
Their size and location isn't ideal but it's worth a stop with a buddy. Maybe a couple but this is definitely not a place to bring a bunch of friends for a good time. Overall it wouldn't take much for this place to be one the best spots around. Hoping they do so.The generic sign on the outside facade of the building reads "World's Best Wings," and guess what? It might be true. If anything, this place has the best wings in Philadelphia. And I consider myself to be a bit of a wing connoisseur. Get the Honey Caribbean wings, do not even consider getting anything else. Trust me. 
This is definitely a neighborhood bar and I used to go here almost every Wednesday night for trivia when I lived in that part of Manayunk. The beer selection is interesting but I would not call it great. Weird variety of imports and microbrews, with a same-y selection in terms of types (e.g. sometimes they will have 5 stouts on tap - who does that?). Also, the prices are little high for a neighborhood bar so...stick with the Lager if you're just doing wings. No credit cards, just cash (that ATM must be do a killing in service fees in the back) and the bartenders/waiters can be a little on the rude side. 
All in all, a dive bar all around.Best wings!!  Mexi  jalapeño are no joke. They have a nice kick and are super addicting!  They go great with the jalapeño  cheese fries.Amazing wings of course. Every sauce that I've tried is very good. Their wing night deal on Tuesdays, 50 cent wings, is always great. The service is not the greatest; the regular male bartender is usually just chatting with someone at the bar and doesn't come around to tables often, but it's better when there's an additional waitress. Cash only.Respect all reviews, everyone has their opinion. But Union Jacks Manayunk is under new ownership. Please if feel had a bad experience give it a 2nd chance. Wings are still the best and food selection opened up alot more, and our service improved tremendously since new ownership. Yes still cash only and have a ATM on site. Hope to see more people try this local bar more.WINGS...Best in Manayunk/Rox!!! Without a doubt!! Just go there for the wings and beer!  Their other selection is a hit or miss for food.  The service is just OK... A trendy/local bar! Go just for the wings and you will be a happy camper!
Side note....they only except cash.... so be prepared! or pay $3 at the atm!Great pub in manayunk! Love that it's on umbria street because half of the people in manayunk live there but all the bars/restaurants are across green lane. Awesome craft beer selection! Delicious wings! Will Definately be going back for beer and wings  very soon!Amazing wings! My friends and I got 100 wings for the super bowl, and they were promptly made and delicious! My favorite was the Thai flavored! Thanks so much!Union Jacks is one of my favorite "off main street" bars in Manayunk. It has a amazing variety of microbrews and a great jukebox. It boasts that is has "the best wings" and they  might be pretty close.  Their Wednesday night Quizo is a lot of fun and a popular event in the area.This place has some of the better wings available in the Philadelphia area, they're large wings and you also have the option to pick from multiple sauces. From the standard hot to garlic herb or teriyaki - they pretty much run the gamete. 
The beer available on tap is pretty solid, especially for Manayunk which as a whole has a reputation for lackluster beer choices. It is also off of Main Street and up on Umbria so you don't have to deal with Villanova and St Joes d-bags in popped collars who continuously say 'bro'.Great beer selection. Wings are for real - believe the hype. Nice crowd. Kind and friendly bartender. Good stuff for a Thursday night date night with the wife and he sitter nearby. Great time. Worth it.Jack's is a dive bar. If you can't deal with dive bars, go back to Main Street. That being said, bring your thirst, hunger and cash down here if you'd like. 
Great draft selection that's always rotating. Cold bottles of domestics if you are feeling comfort beer. The food is some of the best pub food I've ever had - french fries, wings (honey carib is the real deal, kids), etc. but my favorite is the buffalo chicken wrap. Best of all worlds on a plate. 
If you don't know, now you know...Beer selection is fun and unique.  It's a small place so it's not good for groups.  I also got sick from the wings, although everyone else enjoyed their food.Wings were OK--tried hot and thai(?). Seemed to have good specials during games and on weekends. Typical solid local place.Where is the 10 star option?  Seriously.
They have BANANA BREAD beer in the chiller.  That alone deserves 5 stars.  I am forever indebted to this place.  They served me heaven at 12:30 on a Friday (Saturday?)
Haven't tried their food but I've heard great things.  I WILL be back.Good food. great beer. fun quizzo. wish i went there more often than i do.The wings are incredible, the beer selection is good, but the service can be hit or miss. I can't tell you the number of times I've had to wait for the bartender to acknowledge me in an empty bar so that I could give him my money.
Just this past weekend, me and my friends went to Union Jack's to watch the Flyers game.  We had to go up to the miserable looking, wannabe hipster behind the bar to place an order for food or beers.  Granted it was crowded, so I was understanding and left a 20+% tip, or at least I thought I did.  The bartender didn't hear me say 'just give me a 5 back', and as I walked away he was quick to say 'really bro, just a 1?'.  Umm, no 'bro', if you could hear or had a clue you probably would be much better at your job.BEST wings in the city! Can't beat the Tuesday specials...even though the dude bartending is god awful.I much prefer a night at Union Jack's to say a night in a packed bar like Tonic or Kildaire's on Main Street.  The staff is uber friendly and the beer selection is way better than any cliche bar on the main strip.  This isn't the place to come if you are looking to dance the night away with strangers, but if you want a cozy spot to drink the night away with friends (making some new ones with the other bar patrons and staff), this is the spot for you.
If you can handle the walk up a slow incline from Main Street Manayunk, you will not be disappointed.For a pub, the food at UJs is excellent. I don't like going to bars, but when my husband goes, I tag along for the foods. Here is my list of goodies I've tried here:
French onion soup
fries
chicken wrap
Pancho Villa chicken sandwich - HOT...  jalapeño slices plus texmex sauce.
My husband, the vegetarian, loves the veggie burgers and a vegetable medley of some kind.
The cyclists that go with us to this pub have their favorites too:
Suicide wings
Honey Caribbean wings
They all love the beer selection. Don't order a Bud here or the bartender will make fun.
There's usually a different bartender per shift, and also rotate the cooks. Today's hot wing may be tomorrow's mild. Still good though.
There's plenty of seating on the nights that we go, but seems like Thursday and Friday are crowd nights.
We need to get them to add dessert to the menu.Let me get to the point: UJ's has the best wings around and some of the best burgers, as well. They also have Lindemans Framboise, which is my fav. Now that we're no longer in Manayunk I find myself craving this combination and am sad that they're not within walking distance of my house. If you're close - take advantage.Hands down, UJ's has the best wings in Philadelphia, and their Wing Night on Tuesday is the best deal. 10 comparably-size wings for $5 and beer specials. There's a solid selection of sauces; my favorite is tex mex, which is a spicy barbeque sauce, but I haven't really heard of a sauce there people didn't like. 
The rest of their menu is also typically bar food. While everything is good, nothing stands out like their wings. 
Their beer list is decent but better some days than others. Mostly minus one star for cash only.I have driven past this place for ten years.  Although it is open on Sundays, it appears not always at dead noon (but I was assured it would be at least open by 12:30 !!)
I had always been intrigued by the sign claiming the "Worlds best Buffalo Wings."  I understand hyperbole, but I figure if you claim THAT big, they would have to be at least decent.
So I was free and wifeless/childless for lunch last Saturday (a rare occurrence) so I stopped in.  Parking in Manayunk (even on remote Umbria Street) is slightly easier than finding the Holy Grail.  Eventually I found a (probably) legal spot on hill (naturally) and parked at about a 40 degree slope.
The place was dead empty at 1:00 PM save for the bartender (who may also have been the owner, or at least the manager.)
The beer selection was outrageous with a number of exotic drafts for $4.00 on Weekends (when wings were also 50 cents apiece.)   An order of 10 is usually six and some change, but hey .. 
So, I had a Brit Carslberg and a WeissBier I didn't recognize) and ten pretty extraordinary wings.  I know they were bragging about the Buffalo stype (they had mild, hot and suicide) but I read here on Yelp another poster who liked the honey Caribbean so I went with those.
The wings were crispy (naked style) but not over-done.   They were VERY meaty (second only to Moriarty's whose wings can only be called mutant) and moist.  The skin maintained its crackle, even though the bottom ones were bathed in a deep pool of the jerk-seasoned honey sauce.
So the next day, I though I would treat my teenage son to lunch (he is 17, 6 foot 5 and can easily consume a Larry's Bellyfiller and then go to McD's for some nuggets.
We ordered wings and a couple of cheesesteaks (they were out of pepperoni, so he just got mozz and sauce.  The wings took some time to arrive (so much so that I got a call from my daughter to pick her up from a Lacrosse game 15 minutes away, so I had to leave my son and eat the leftovers wrapped after flying through Lower Merion at 
as much as 4X the speed limits.)
By the time I got back, the wings were cold.  My son said they were OK but not exceptional.  I tasted a cold one, and it was not what I would expect from "suicidal."
The cheesesteak heated up pretty well after 30 seconds in the microwave but the fresh-cut idaho fries were not nearly as good as the ones I had fresh on Saturday with the supplied malt vinegar.  I picked up the habit of vinegar on fries going to undergrad in Montreal (where they just use plain old white vinegar.)  In Montreal it is hard to find frozen fries.  They take their frites VERY seriously, and those at Union Jack's were up to that standard.  Slightly crisp, but tender and starchy inside.
Oh yeah, the cheesesteak (with fried long hots) was well-stuffed (but not over-stuffed) with tender flavorful meat, and served on a nice fresh roll.  It was the kind of roll with some egg-wash on it so it has a shiny-but-not-crispy crust.  The inside was delightful chewy.
So anyway, they have a number of other interesting wing sauces that I would try before going Buffalo again, but I will be back.  I am not a beer geek, but they have enough exotics to pique my interest and try some new ones.  At six for wings (or a cheesesteak) and three for an order of fresh fries, and four for a beer, a lunch comes in at under $20.00 so not a bank-breaker but not a banh mi and spring water either.Union Jacks is the best bar in Manayunk, and one of my favorite bars in the city to just go and knock back a couple of beers.  They have one of the best draught lists I've ever seen - it is continually changing but there is always something new and interesting on there.  Their bottle list is equally impressive.
I've only ever had the burgers and wings at UJ, because that's all I've ever wanted to order.  They have about a dozen different sauces for the wings, and most of them are good.  The honey carribean wings are out of this world.  The burgers are juicy and also come in many different varieties.
The service at UJ is pretty good.  Usually it is just the 2 bartenders, so on a busy night it can be a little slow but I don't blame them for that.  I've found the bartenders to be pretty knowledgeable about the beer they serve, so feel free to ask for suggestions if you're stuck.
Keep in mind that they do not accept credit cards, although they do have an ATM on-site.