My husband and I have been here several times since the United Buffet's opening and we love it. My advice is to come on non busy hours to avoid the herds of people. I wish they had breakfast buffet like the business prior but other than that, no complaints. Staff members are friendly and accommodating!Food was really good.. they have a hibachi part that you pick what u want cooked and the cook on the grill for you. U pick ur sauce and everything.. they have whole blue crabs and all the food is fresh. Quality of the food was great.. i really hope it stays that way.The newest addition to this area. Definitely go here while they're still new. Buffers like these tend to decline in quality over time. Average prices buffet. They have a chocolate fountain. A more diverse than usual sushi selection as well as hibichi service. The food was all really good. I went three months after they opened. Will be back to check the quality again.Giving thanks to the staff at United Buffet  on Adams ave we celebrated my mother 82nd birthday on the 2nd of May the staff was really Pleasant they accommodated  a  total of 24 people  at the last minute the food was great and  without us knowing gave my mom   a small birthday cake  and sang happy birthday to her, great place of business continue to keep up the good work and continue success a satisfied customer.It was hella weird to pay first before you eat. It made me and my boyfriend uncomfortable. The food was good though. The fried dumplings were like rubber though so i wouldnt recommended those unless there fresh.It's a buffet all you can eat! Food is good, clean and you have your standard friendly staff. Nothing out of this planet but if you're hungry you should definitely check it out. They offer hibachi grill as well. I went with my son and came out satisfied!!Replacing the old country buffet, the food is great. They didn't change much inside. Service is good too.I eat at buffets like every week and this new one has to be my favorite in the city! Buffets tends to have the tendency to make a lot of foot but lowsd the quality of their food after a while. But United Buffet is continuing to maintain good quality food every day! I especially love the desserts here! It's not the usual flat cut out cakes(if you know what I'm talking about), they have ACTUAL cake slices, pies, etc. and the fact they have soft serve ice cream here too!! The service here is great and I'd totally recommend this place to anyone!Super cheap, has coupons, delicious food and more options than other buffets in the area! Very clean and has young staffs! sushi is the best I ever had in a buffet! and other restaurant in that matter.This is the best buffet in Philly... A wide variety of foods a large selection of seafood friendly staff all at an awesome fair price. Can't wait to go back and definitely won't waste my money on the other buffets with dried out old food that you have to stand around and wait for them to replace. Abundance of fresh hot delicious food available your whole entire visit! Good stuff REALLY!It's was better than I expected going in. We went on a Monday and it was surprisingly packed! So many options, food was good and well prepared. My children enjoyed it also. Price is was around $11 per person. They Accommodated our seating. Would have been five stars but the Front desk people weren't very welcoming, at least not the day we went or the rest of the staff really, except for the Spanish waitresses. Also I didn't like the fact the the drinks weren't included in the pricing. But the food was good therefore we will return.This is probably the best Chinese and Japanese place I've been to. The food was very nicely well prepared and Made to my expectations. The hibachi in the back of the buffet is awesome, The desserts are nicely done and cooked as you want it, The service is good and the waiters are nice. I recommend this place to everyone.Best buffet ever....point blank! We drove from Upper Darby bc of the reviews! And yup- 15 mins wait to be seated in a buffet!!! The biggest crawfish I have ever had! Hands down best food EVERCan't be the price!
The buffet is awesome! Honestly one of the best I have been too. The best part it'll be, at most,14$ a person with tax. You can feed your whole family and still have money to spare. It is a huge place and even with all those seats there still is often a line outside. Selection is pretty big for the type of restaurant it is. Encompassing Chinese, Japanese, and American classics.
FYI: THEY HAVE KALBI SHORT RIBS. The only place I have been to that does this. Also, they have raw shucked oysters near the veggies section. Try at your own peril. I had a few and feel fine, so I don't think you'll run into any trouble, but it is raw oysters at a buffet.The buffet place is real nice the food is great they have a big selection to choose from is The dessert bar is real good lots of soup to choose from they have a sushi bar Hibachi Bar price real reasonableI was there last Sunday to eat dinner, and the food that I  had was good.
I really enjoyed the entrees that I  had, just hope that they keep it up.
Also I  ate there again today for lunch, It was deliciousWhile there, there service was fast pace which is Understandable since they are extremely busy there is always a line at the door, The food was delicious not to salty not to bland which is perfect for adjusting base on individual taste. Their selecting was good they had plenty to choose from, I do wish their such bar had more of a selection but I understand since they do have a poke bowl stand that was awesome!! Lol over all loved it and would visit again!I love this Buffet!!!!!  it's the best one in my area ! I've been hear more times then I can count and have never been disappointed they have a wide variety of tasty food!Took my son for graduation and the rest of the family. I was impressed they had Habachi bar made to order,Sushi bar, carve your own BBQ ribs and carve your own Prime Ribs all the seafood you ever want shrimp Blue crabs,mussels,clams,oysters and more. The best thing I liked was BYOB would go back and would recommend it. My family enjoyed it as well.Fantastic Buffet.. I've dined here right after they opened and was surprisingly impressed with their options. I came with my girlfriend  on a weekday night, they had a variety of meats including prime rib, chicken wings, and my favorite Korean style ribs. Sushi was pretty decent and I also very much enjoyed their oysters too. Don't know if it was all really good because they just opened but I'm looking forward to trying them again soon.Everytime I come here is always clean and friendly. Sometimes it's a little to crowded BUT the food is always fresh and the staff makes sure the food is always rotating. The last time I came here was on Thanksgiving 2019 and omggggg sooo good. They had the Turkey,stuffing, and other holiday items and everything was seasoned and fresh. If you are around the way dont hesitate to go in and give it a try.Place is set in a shopping center off of Roosevelt Boulevard. I think that it is quite strange that you actually pay for your meal prior to being seated but I figure they do this for a reason. I must say the place is pretty clean and the service is really good. The waitress seated us promptly and she was very friendly and kind. However, the food which is the most important was rather poor and just real bad. The choices are pretty big and has lots of options but the food is just not good at all. Everything from the sushi to the stale marshmallows and just the food in general was not fresh at all. I don't know if they just reheat or re-fry their food but it was just awful. I do think the service is very good and I even left a tip even though I'm sure that 90% of the customers don't which I think is quite sad. The only good thing I can say about this place is the service and staff which were very nice I thought, however the food was just down right bad and for me and my family I think once is enough.The most decent buffet in the area.  Can get super busy on weekends but that's a good thing for the place.  Prices are not bad either! Kinda miss the old country back in the day but this is a good upgrade to the dying old country it once was. Many cakes for desserts, sushi and hibachi. I was hoping for snow crabs but did not see any for lunch or dinner.  Just big clams and blue crabs. Snow crabs are a must for me at buffets so probably won't be heading back unless my significant other wants to eat here but the place is decent.Went on a Friday night and it was crowded but well stocked. The staff was rude an inattentive. It took some time before anyone took our drink order. The selection was satisfying- mostly seafood dishes & Chinese food with other normal offerings, ribs, Mac & cheese, fried chicken...but nothing especially stood out. The desserts were terrible. It wasn't horrible, but for the price I probably won't return.Come here any day of the week and you'll find that it's absolutely packed, and for good reason. I usually stray from buffets for the same "ick" factor that keeps a lot of people away - HYGIENE. This same "ick" factor became obvious to me once again. Let me first say that most of the food is ABSOLUTELY, ABSOLUTELY delicious. 5/5 if you just focus on the taste of most (not all) of the food itself, and ignore the "ick" factor. (For example, I'd stay away from the sushi - far away - but the stuffed baked potatoes are delicious.) The place loses two stars for the "ick" factor. Let me explain.
Yesterday, when I was there, I saw a young child using his bare hands to separate the pizza slices and he took just one slice to eat. Many know that young children are NOT the picture of perfect hygiene and often don't wash their hands correctly. So for the parents who let their children go get their own food without any supervision, it's a shame that you're detracting from the potential of this place. A second thing to note that knocked down my review a bit is that sometimes the plates aren't fully clean and you need to inspect them for leftover food. I get it, it's a mad rush at this place, but if I have to inspect and put aside 3 plates just to get to one clean one, there is still a problem.
My final issue unrelated to the points I mentioned about hygiene is the way the staff treat you. They are pretty jaded by the (likely) day-in, day-out mad rush of the place, so they're a bit unemotional. If you're like me and you like eating sweet things between your plates of regular savory food - like fruits, as a palette cleanser, for example - don't even think about it! Although their sign says diners should eat for no more than 2 hours, the minute they see you eating anything "dessert-like," they will swoop in to let you know that it's time to get going, whether you've been there for 30 minutes or for an hour and a half. The way they do this is by dropping a little tray of fortune cookies on your table and swooping away most of your plates. Feels like I'm being pressured to leave before I am ready.When you go to United buffet make sure you check your receipt. My son and I went there for lunch today. The lunch price should've been $9.59 each. I'm a senior citizen and our bill ended up being $25. actually over $25. We did not order drinks. I was not given their usual receipt indicating what  I had purchased.  The bill should  have been  $20. Are you so hard up for money that you would use bogus receipts to get an extra couple of dollars. If I were to go there to make a purchase-at four dollars short would you give it to me?Pretty good selection .. if you come on the right days , love the hibachi grill . Food is fresh could be hotter, salad bar is niceAlways packed, but they have a great selection of food, good prices too! Will keep coming backA new player in town. This buffet used to be Old Country. The place is very clean and the food fresh. Of course, while reviewing a buffet I cannot hold it to a regular restaurant's standard, so in my opinion, no buffet really reach a five star. However, I will give them an extra star to get their business kicking because I really enjoyed my experience here.
I judge buffets based on three things: the quality of food, price and cleanliness. The food here seem to be very fresh and they continue to restock them very often, keeping things hot and abundant. The price is very fair, lunch is especially cheap at around $8 and that includes the grill. Drinks are not included in the price so you're looking at another $2. Like I've mentioned, the place is very clean. I do hope they keep this up.
Overall, this was a solid buffet and very conveniently located next to businesses like Walmart and Home Depot. My parents had dinner there and they also said their seafood selection was super fresh. Come by and check out the new business. I will be back soon to check on them and maybe update my review.I stopped by, and must say that while the place was impressive, the food was not. Everything looked delicious but when I tasted it, I was truly disappointed. The food was very bland, and didn't seem to have any seasoning or the usual spices on the the Asian style foods, and I waited for almost 10 minutes for someone to come and make pot stickers. Trying to cut a couple of spareribs was like sawing lumber! Since I was doing take-out I wound up adding more stuff while waiting.  At 4.99lb, the price is right, but what good is that if the food is tasteless? I was unable to enjoy it and put it in the trash. I don't like to waste food but I'm not going to give someone else something that I wouldn't eat. Someone said in one of the reviews, that they're owned by the people that own Ichiban, in Springfield(Delco). I've had nothing but great food at Ichiban, and I see no resemblance between the two of them. I will not make a return visit to United buffet...will stick with King Buffet, in Plymouth Meeting or Ichiban, in Springfield. It was a 10.00 lesson but now I know.United buffet is run by the same people as Ichiban in Springfield. The items were nearly identical. The Jonah crabs were on point when I went. There's no sashimi and the sushi section is weak, but it's $12 on weekday night so that is forgiveable.Typically all you can eat buffet food is not that great, does not look fresh and is too salty. This is definitely not the case for United. I ate almost 90% of what was available and tried the Hibachi. Every single item I tried was delicious and tasty. The only thing I wish was different was the seating. We were a party of 6 and were seated in the middle roll compressed and tighted. I think that is their way to keep you uncomfortable and ready to leave .. Otherwise, all was excellent.We ate here with family- lunch on weekend. Food has great selection from American, Chinese, Hibachi etc. Drinks are a bit pricey. I ordered coffee, which was not hot at all and they are bit stingy with creamers. I requested another coffee and specifically asked for hot and this time it was ok, I mean if you like your coffee piping hot, then you might not be happy. They have good selection of soups - Clam chowder, Egg drop, Sweet and Sour etc. and I didn't really like any. Salad bar is impressive. Overall, I am giving on 3-star because of my lack of flatware - there was only a fork rolled up in napkin on table and no extra creamers with my coffee! In fact, for my second coffee, I had to remind the waitress for creamers!!!! Also, place can be a bit noisy and crowded.This is a five buffet star review not sit down restaurant meals prepared just for you stars . This Asian buffet has some nice extras including whole round cakes for dessert and a good hibachi station. I don't recommend buffets for sushi but if you're looking for mainstream Chinese food, there are many nice options here. Oh and I enjoyed the cream puff too!I really have nothing good to say about this place other than we did NOT get food poisoning. The food was meh. It was incredibly disorganized with, for example, sushi on a dessert table. The soups were next to the chocolate fountain. 
The place was packed on a Saturday evening, with lots of families. Nothing the three of us ate was outstanding. The best thing we found was the hibachi, where you choose what you want and they make it in front of you, and it was really only good in comparison to the other entrees. (One note: the only "Italian" food we spotted was pizza that my teenager said was worse than school pizza.)  
The caveat to our experience is that none of us eat seafood, which definitely seemed like the most popular reason for eating there. 
We spent $50 plus tip for the three of us including drinks. Definitely won't be returning.Clean dining section but the food is horrible. The selections are bad and food isn't fresh. Won't ever returnIt's ok. I was actually really hype to try out this place because of everything I had been told by friends and family, but apparently, they already stopped serving some of the items they used to put out, a tactic that most buffets use when they first open. The first few months awesome food, and then little by little the expensive items disappear.
Overall, the Americanized food was actually really good, considering most Americanized food suck at the majority of Chinese buffets. They're a little bare on the Chinese items, but what they had were decent. The desserts are definitely better than most Chinese buffets, and the sushi was better than every Chinese buffet except Panasian, but Panasian has already cut their sushi selections in half after a few years of business. Everything was a bit heavy on the salt and sauce, something which I was told is not usually the norm, so I guess it was a off night, but of course it happened on my first trip. The service is friendlier than most Chinese buffets, so if they could be a little more consistent with the food. I heard their crawfish is usually good, but on my visit, it was the most blandest thing I'd ever tasted. Major let down, considering there weren't any blue crabs or eel maki as advertised. I might give it one more shot in the future, but not anytime soon.Horrible place , extremely dirty - carpets are covered in nasty stains and the seats are dirty and stained .  
The buffet stations are in bad shape . In couple places I saw duct tape holding up the station. 
Waitresses are rude , very short with customer . I had to wait for over 20 min for water refill , the tables were not cleaned in timely fashion . 
The food is mediocre- especially the fried one -?and the sushi are not fresh ! 
Big disappointment. 
The only plus was the convenience of parking and the selection of dishes .Declining quality, falling service. I came to this buffet for about 2-3 months. I have been there about 10 times. I feel that the quality of this buffet is declining every time. From the beginning of sushi to the present, there is almost no loss from some seafood. Some Asian dishes disappeared, all of them turned into plastic plate cups from the tableware, and everything went down, but the price did not change. I don't think I should come here again in the future, because this is not a good feeling.Amazing stir fried green beans and hibachi station. For the price, this place surprised me at how fresh the food was, including hot French fries and lo mein for my picky toddler!The food was disgusting never again.  I went there because my son said the food was ok ; black people this is not the spot for u. I mean this in the nicest way they put too much salt in their food so u keep buying soda , we don't drink soda in our family so shame on u and please don't let them take food off ur plate that is not touched I think they put it back for someone else to eat because the waitress wanted my plate so bad and I had 6 sushi bites on my plate i smashed them up just because she wanted my plate , so bad b aware people this is not a place for u too eat even the ice cream was bad, damn how u mess up ice cream dessert table a mess I left waitress a 5 dollar tip but I should have really talked to the manager about ethic foods if you don't have anyone who can make Mac & cheese or buffalo wings which was the worse don't make it and oh hire some white,  black etc to help ur business out, that's why ur food is so bad this is a company that is greedy and don't care what they serve in this community, I give them a couple years before they close down remember to smash ur food up before they take ur plate.
Also when I went there they had all Asian workers no sign of black or white workers , we have to stop supporting businesses that don't hire minorities we see them on every corner and they still don't hire blacks or whites etc. we need to stop eating a Chinese stores on the corners and we need to boycott them this needs to happen. 
I'll see y'all at Golden corral because this ain't it. !
Back to golden corral y'all !A new challenger has appeared and it's time to see if this small corner of town is big enough for two Asian buffets. Being within a hundred yards of each other, hopefully the competition will bring out each other's A game 
So, is newer actually better? Yes and no. 
This place is designed much nicer looking than Panasian's dated design. Everything looks well lit and the newness of the buffet is noticeable especially in comparison. 
Unlike Panasian down the street, you have to pay first at this restaurant  before you get seated, so during busier times, such as lunch and dinner rush, there may be a long line to get in and start eating so keep that in mind if you are short on time. While that may be annoying to some, I kinda prefer it so I can leave quicker instead of waiting for the waitress to bring me the check. 
Now for the food.....
I honestly only go to these buffets for the Japanese sushi part and personally if I was gonna get only Chinese food, I would rather get takeout because it just doesn't seem worth it to get only Chinese food at a buffet. Since Sushi is usually more expensive at a Japanese joint, here I am. 
At first glance, everything seems good but upon a closer look, the sushi looks kinda disappointing. The selection actually seems more limited when compared to Panasian and forget about the nigiri, the "salmon" if you can call it that is sliced so thin it is almost transparent. And after sitting a while it basically dries into "jerky" 
The white fish Nigiri that they had actually looked okay at first but ended up tasting like dirt water. Like the fish grew up swimming in an over-watered potted plant. The rest is not bad but nothing to write home about. 
The Chinese food taste the same as Panasian to me, I wonder if there is a buffet warehouse where they all get the same stuff?
They have a soft serve ice cream machine, thats nice.I decided to try United Buffet for the first time tonight, overall I was disappointed.  The quality of the service was, at best, mediocre.  The hostess saw me standing waiting to be seated, acknowledged I was there, and walked away, leaving me waiting for 10 minutes before being seated.  
The menu was advertised as Chinese/Japanese buffet, in reality I found a very small amount of Asian style dishes at the buffet, but a broad amount of fried chicken, fries, pizza, seafood, mac and cheese, and more of the like.  I tried the Asian dishes and found the buffet dishes bland and rather stale.  The sushi was limited and poor in quality, much the same as the prepackaged sort one might purchase at a supermarket.  The hibachi and poke grills were fresh and made to order.  
There were signs posted everywhere citing children under 10 years needed to be accompanied to get food, but the staff did nothing to enforce this, there were small/young children running all about who don't hesitate to run into patrons trying to get food.  
The furniture and facility on the whole seemed modern and cleanly.  
If I absolutely had to attend a buffet on the spot and had no other choices I'd patronize United Buffet again, otherwise I'm going to keep on the search for a buffet with better quality food and service elsewhere.Okay so to be honest I'm shocked. Overall I had a great experience. Nice flow of people (not overly packed). Fresh food was kept on rotation. Plenty of dining options as well.
Some minor complaints would be the beverages; I started with sprite however it tasted like dirty water so I figured the ice cubes had been made with faucet water and ordered a different one with no ice still the flavors seemed just as off. I was able to exchange for a pink lemonade which was actually pretty good 
The bathroom was rather spacious high ceilings and bright lightening however was in need of a slight cleaning. Also I didn't like that there was only the hand dryer and no paper towels. 
The cocktail shrimp weren't that great you don't expect much with cocktail shrimp and these even fell under expectations. Also I couldn't locate cocktail sauce. 
But the whole cooked shrimp where AWESOME No complaints.
Next was the crawfish honestly didn't taste them they where to small honestly to enjoy opened them to more insides very to hardly any actual meat in them.
The prime rib was rather dry. With that being said I got the pieces that had been sitting in the juice and boy was it good that juice was so flavorful 
The pork rib  was okay ( only got it because my friend kept saying they where delicious) 
The Korean short bbq rib was killer so tender (I took that and put the prime rib juices on it yummy) 
And that seafood baked cheesy thing I mean duh right  
The fruit was a no go for me seemed like it was soaked in water to keep it from going bad or being dry not sure but I couldn't stomach it. 
 The ice cream was ice cream really didn't taste like chocolate ice cream but the fondue sauce made up for it. 
Service was ehh. The waitress while she wasn't rude she clearly would have rather be else where (which I get is understandable) however as a customer she kinda made me feel rushed even bringing the fortune cookies while I was still eating and then when I was done she was like you finished, I said yes think you. Her reply was yea as she grabbed the plate (as of to say bout time ). 
My friend left his phone as well they claim they didn't find it or see it when went out and came right back in for it 
With that being said I've been thinking about going back all week and I will this weekend  spent 35$ for two adults and two drinks 
I'm satisfied money spent well 
They had a wide selection of foods I didn't try like chicken fried bbq sautéed 
Salmon fried catfish trout crabs  
A Hibachi grill a poke bar 
Salad bar 
Pizza mash potatoes Mac and cheese even lo meinCame to this buffet twice already and was impressed. The food tastes fresh and is always hot. There's plenty of different desserts to choose from and soft serve ice cream is also available. I haven't tried the sushi since I'm not much of a fan of. The restaurant is big, but not as big as the Hibachi Grill and Supreme Buffet on Cottman Ave. However, I have to say that the place appears to be clean. and in my opinion, cleaner than the above stated buffet on Cottman Ave. Expect a large crowd on Sundays around noon time as the buffet is visited by the church crowd after church services are over.So i went here after i serched for a chineese buffet with sushi on the menu and scallops the food is very delicious and its a nice setting for u to enjoy dinner or lunch with your family the only thing i didn't like was how the waiter stood by my table and kept watching me,  as if i was going to run away with her tip made me uncomfortable.... Other then that they are cool i guessLove this buffet, the place was clean and the food choices that I go for were great. I definitely will recommend going.Extreme bad service from the waitress. Through the whole 1 hour i ate there, nobody came to clean the used plates and tissues, the waitresses just sit there chatting. Food choices are very limited and flavor just average. Tho price low im not coming again for sure.NO MORE SUSHI! NO FRIED CHICKEN! Yelp--please take down pictures of sushi--they don't have it any more.
I was here about a year ago, and the food was so good I knew I wanted to return. Big mistake!! I don't know what happened, but the food quality and selection has gone way down. The sauces were watery, and the food selection was noticeably restricted.
The service was slow when you needed it, but they cleaned my cup and napkins away before I was finished.
I won't be returning.
And did I say, NO SUSHI, which is the main reason I go to buffets.As far as buffets go, this one might be the most all around alright Chinese buffet that I have tried in a long time. On the weekend it was packed, so the turnover of the fried and warmed food was fast. For one, their seafood was a main selling point that everyone seemed to be eating. While they do mention other cuisines, coming for chinese food is the best option. The hibachi was easy to use, but at the poke station, they were intentionally making it difficult to order bowls, as they pointed me to the wrong area each time I asked. I actually did like the American food options, with beef stew, potatoes, veggies, and other things rounding out my experience to make it a-okay! The ribs they brought out between lunch and dinner were meaty with delicious sauce, the poke and sushi was large, and there were many options for dessert as well. I would come back to try more of the seafood and also the hibachi once more!It was my first time at a Chinese Buffet and I was pretty happy with the service and attentiveness of the staff and the food was amazing. It was pretty packed with a lot of little kids and families so I was nervous to trip over a little kid but the selection of food and desserts and the taste is definitely worth a second visit. I loved the decor and the restaurant was big and the booths were comfortable. I had a really nice time and it was worth every penny.Alright so I'm having a buffet kick since last weekend. I decided to try the new buffet that's taking place of Old Country Buffet. And it was jammin' in here.
You have to pay at the door, I didn't see prices posted anywhere, but I attached a photo of my receipt. Also, there's TVs in here, if that's important to anyone, most buffets don't. 
It's new so everything is clean. The employees are nicer than other places I've been to. They're also very good with refilling the foods. It seems like they are constantly refilling. It keeps the foods looking super fresh. I saw it non-stop at least when I was there on Saturday for lunch.
Something interesting I saw was a microwave! That's awesome to have the option to microwave your food if it might be too cold. Also, the quality of the food was great. For example, they have real cakes for dessert! It's not the dry spongey ones. I tried the banana cake and chocolate. I was excited for the pies as well, but those were unfortunately too frozen to eat. I couldn't even cut a piece out. Also, as some of you who frequent buffets may know, not all ice cream is equal. Well, you may be happy to hear that the ice cream here is like McDonalds ice cream. It doesn't have the grainy texture that some places have. Overall, very please with this buffet. I hope it doesn't change.This is based on Pre-Covid Dining In~
When they first opened I was excited because they offered a lot of great food items.
However, a few short months later, they really cut back on the good stuff.
Now they have a lot more Americanized dishes than most Chinese Buffets, but the surprising this is, they weren't too bad.
The desserts were also better than most of your Chinese Buffets.
They have really cut back a lot on the quality in such a short period of time.
Not sure if they still have the Poke Bowls, but if I had to go back to dine in again, it would be the only reason I did.
The layout isn't too bad, and the servers aren't as mean as most Chinese Buffets.Just your average Chinese buffet. Not frills. Though the night I went, there were no sushi available.  I was told that normally they would have Sushi. Maybe short staffed or the one Sushi person is on vacation. Who knows.  I do like their crawfish, it was seasoned well. Pay before you sit down is good.I love this place and everything about it...food always fresh and hot and they have a huge variety of seafood which I love the mostIgnore the bad reviews and pay attention to mine. Come here for the Hibachi and the fresh poke. The Hibachi dude looks like he hates his job and mutters curse words in Spanish but he can make a great chicken or crab stir fry.
Pro tip, don't come here expecting the beef to be wonderful. For $14 you're not getting filet mignon. And yes they have KOREAN BBQ ribs, but dig it, don't think they'll be great, think about what you paid to get in the door.
The fresh seafood and poultry is excellent value. For $14 a head you can find a poke station with salmon options or the Hibachi grill with fresh chicken breast filets. They even have shrimp options here so fresh that you have to crack the head off the shrimp to get to the meat.
For dessert United offers soft serve ice cream and hot fudge. They also offer the standard bannana puddings and jello you'll find elsewhere. My one complaint is that the soup is essentially at the same station as the dessert, if you're confused and find things slightly disorganized, just ask for help.
There's also a fresh salad bar with various lettuce choices.
Stick with fresh items or with seafood and you'll be very pleased. The waitresses are friendly and keep the dining area very clean. They are quite malleable and will make accommodations for you if you'd like to check the buffet out before payment.It's a mixed bag. Some of the food is good and some is not.  The only food there i like the is hibachi where they freshly prepare your food.  If you are looking for good asian food. Look elsewhere because they don't have a large selection.  They also have italian entrees and american entrees, hence why the place is called 'United Buffet' and not 'Asian Buffet'.  
Next some of food is not good quality compared to other buffets in the area such as Pan Asian buffet. For example the kalbi ribs at Pan asian buffet are much meatier, whereas the ones at United Buffet are all hacked and small and lack flavor.  If you compare both buffets, you will notice the quality at Pan asian buffet is far superior than United Buffet. So if you are looking for a more authentic better tasting and quality buffet, I would definately go to Pan asian over United Buffet.  But if you're looking for more items than just Asian such as Italian and American items, then United Buffet is more your style.Look, if you're coming to a buffet like this, you're probably looking for quantity of food, and not quality. United Buffet has tons of choices, and you can stuff yourself into oblivion, if that's what you're going for. Several reviewers have even admitted in their reviews that they are giving higher stars than they would ordinarily, and not holding it up to the same standard as other restaurants. Why? Yelp has one rating system, not a secondary low-rate buffet ranking system.
Food in the general buffet I found to be just "meh" - in some cases it seemed like it had been sitting there a while, and was only marginally warm. Anything with beef seemed to be tough and low quality. 
If you happen to get dragged here by someone (please tell me you're not choosing this of your own free will!) stick to the hibachi station. At least there you can pick some noodles or rice, meats, and toppings, and the guy will cook it up right in front of you. Again, the beef here is sub par, you're probably better off picking the chicken. But all in all, the hibachi station is the best place you're going to get something actually edible, and piping hot.This buffet literally opened and I will not come back. As soon as you walk in you are greeted by the cashier and have to pay upfront before you are seated. Btw it's 8pm and it's packed with hungry customers. The dinning room is big but wished there was more selections to compensate the big dinning room. When you are seated you are asked for your receipt so they know what drinks to get you. So I got up and got some food. The food is not good compare to other places. The sushi rice was alittle hard and stale. There was a lot of rice but hardly any fish in the sushi and the roll was small. The baked chicken tasted funny and smelled like it was not refrigerated. There was only one isle for Asian food, the rest is American. The lo mein tasted like any other buffet you go to and I got many more of their food but don't remember the taste. It's not fresh and it can be cold. No buffet serves fresh food everyday around the Philadelphia area. The service was like any other place... Good. I would not recommend this place and go try panasian it's good but beware of a mice in your food literally nearly brought their business down. To be nice, overall rating 2/5.They didn't give me straws,the stuffed shrimp still had shells, the chicken was yellow, cake meh fruit is shit, stall cones, Creme puff dry,good but makes him wanna die, why is there cream cheese, WHY THE FUCK ISNT THERE A FORTUNE IN MY FUCKING COOKIE you have cute Children guestsI came here for having dinner before heading out to the New Years party because I knew that there would be no option whatsoever to eat after the party.
This is pretty near from the hotel where we were staying. I have tried Japanese buffet before and I'm pretty comfortable eating it. 
They were charging $12.99 plus taxes per person for the buffet which is exactly what I pay in Cleveland. 
The restaurant is pretty big and I liked the fact that it was well lit and not dark like many restaurants that try to dim the lights in the name of ambience. 
One will always get a strong fishy smell upon entering such restaurants because they specialize in sea food. 
They had 7-8 rows with over 50 different dishes. There was a large variety of sushi as well. 
I had a bowl of hot and sour soup, chicken sticks, crab Rangoon , buffalo chicken , fried shrimp, vegetable lo mein, chicken and broccoli and general Tso's Chicken and the food was pretty good. 
I wanted to eat some other sea food dishes but I avoided doing that because I had to rush to the new year party after that. 
Overall, it was pretty decent experience. I would have preferred eating without the strong fishy smell everywhere though. Can't complain because Japanese cuisine is popular for its sea food..First time eating at this buffet. It's a clean spot, friendly service, hot and fresh food. kid friendly restaurant and a fair lunch price.This place is awful. I took 10 women there for a midweek treat. Four out of the group ended the night vomiting on the ride home. Never again.They got the best food salad is good, the Chinese food is good and the rest is soooo good even the deserts I had their bbq meatloaf it is super good
I'm definitely gonna keep going thereCame on a night when the food was pretty decent.
The fellas enjoyed themselves here. 
Still wish they had kept to the original menu they had when they first opened.
Not a bad place to get your Chinese food fix, and as I mentioned before, surprisingly their American dishes are much better than other Chinese buffets.