I like the ambiance of this wooden clothing store/coffee shop! United By Blue is clean, spacious, has good-wifi, and makes for a great study place or meetup spot. I tried a $5 fruit and cheese danish, which tasted good, but wasn't worth the price.I just tried this place out again and their espresso is still pretty sour! They need to get an expert or two in there to see what's going on. Maybe reddit can help: http://www.reddit.com/r/barista/comments/1rf6dc/sour_espresso_shots/FREE HAND-PUMPED DOUGHNUT! This spot seems to be half coffee spot, half clothing shop and environmentally conscious. 
I ordered a mocha which was great and since I checked in with Yelp! I got a free hand pumped doughnut! The mocha was good but the highlight was definitely the doughnut. Yummm. I believe it was stuffed with butter cream. 
They sale genuine leather bags, gloves and jackets, they are pretty expensive since its made from recycled materials ($118). The seating it perfect for a group of about 4 people at the most, its small and seats are limited. 
If you not aware of the location it could be easy to miss. Its nestled between the GAP and other shop so keep your eyes open. Its a hidden gem. If the Starbucks down the street isn't your taste or you looking to try something new, definitely give this spot a try.This is my favorite coffee shop when I went to school in Philly. I can't tell how much I love their latte, so creamy! I also got a briefcase here for my lawyer friend in Taiwan and she loves it!Professionalism has gone way down in the past couple of months. They're the most likely to be out of ingredients of any coffeeshop nearby. I've come and been unable to purchase (sometimes an hour after opening, sometimes in the middle of the afternoon): almond milk, chai, any bagels, any yogurt, granola, honey, and oatmeal.
Sometimes you'll come in and the line is incredibly long, but not because there are more people who want coffee than usual but the cashier (not someone on her first day either) is moving at a snail's pace, pondering over what orders have just been made or what to say next, or making smalltalk with someone else behind the counter. This made me at the 3rd position in line to still have to wait 15 minutes, which for simply writing down orders and sometimes grabbing a bagel from the box that's *right there*, I feel like is just a waste of everyone's time. 
The service hasn't always been like this, and it's definitely not everyone. I still come because it's directly on the way to certain classes, but it's definitely hit and miss every time I come. While I'll sometimes walk in, see who's at the counter, and walk out because I know I have such a disappointing time with some of the people here. 
That said, brightly lit, tables and chairs that looks like they're still trees, and baristas that might be a bit unprofessional but are unarguably very kind and chilled out, and a lot of people would agree that is coffeeshop has some of the better vibes on campus.
Also, the cappuccinos here are great! This was the *only* place I'd go to get one. Their chais taste... watery? It's hard to tell.Hip, tiny coffee shop around campus with a clothing/accessories section to browse. They're pretty expensive but it's cool to just look around. 
I got a latte and forgot I can't handle whole milk very well but worth it!(?) the staff was very nice and didn't mind us eating food that we brought from outside.Cute place. Very nice aesthetic. If you are trying to study the seating is a little limited. Nice flow of people. Music a little too long personally but nice music taste - black key and cold war kids. Coffee is good even though maybe a little pricey.Nice way to totally blow your Yelp reviews. Offer somethingng for free and then not have it and not offer any kind of substitute if someone asks. Service was slow and poor. Atmosphere was nice, place is small and crowded. Yeah, there are a get t-shirts, socks, and a few other items, but it's not exactly a clothing store.Clothing store + cafe... pretty unique concept, considering that the cafe part isn't some half assed. The iced coffee that's served here is worth the trip itself, even if you don't care for the clothes. The clothing is nice... a bit on the expensive side, but trendy and good quality.I come here way too much haha. Perfect study space if you enjoy a bit of coffee house music. Especially they have more than enough plugs! Pastry is fabulous, yogurt with granola also awesome too. 
In terms of price, I think it's worth it especially if you think about their pledge of removing a pound of trash from water with every purchase. Glad that I'm enjoying my coffee/a good study space & also helping the ocean :)
If there's one thing I slightly didn't like was that when they first opened it was literally freezing inside haha. But a lot better now.I often come to UBB to study and work because it has a good ambiance, lots of seating (after the recent renovation), and a wide selection of pastries. I am fully aware that UBB is relatively pricey and am usually willing to pay that premium for the other amenities. However, I recently had a ridiculous experience, in which I ordered the Forager's Salad ($9.75), which is described on the menu as having greens, pea sprouts, beets, mushroom trio, sunflower seeds, and vinaigrette. I got my salad and started eating it but felt that it was relatively bare, i.e. I was just eating a bowl of spring mix with not much else. I went back to look at the menu and realized that my salad was missing the mushrooms. Considering how the check-out employee had mentioned that they were out of their avocado spread when I tried to order a different menu item that included it, he obviously realized that that was relevant information to provide to a customer. However, no mention was made of the fact that they were out of mushrooms until after I went up to the counter and asked about it. In response to my comment, the employee apathetically said that they were out of mushrooms as well. When I responded that it would have been nice to know, he shifted the blame to the fact that he didn't know until the salad started to get made. Considering how small the kitchen space is, I don't think it's a stretch to say communication amongst the employees is relatively efficient/easy. I could have been informed once he was made aware that the kitchen was out of mushrooms and offered an alternative. However, the employee just shrugged, did not apologize, and actually turned away from me to end the conversation. I went back to my seat but felt that it was too much to have paid $10 for a bowl of plain spring mix so I went back to the counter and asked for a remedy to the situation. Again, with an apathetic tone and disgruntled expression, he offered to "throw some chicken on there." This was an adequate solution, but only offered after repeated initiative on my part. I also understand that the laid back hipster vibe is UBB's aesthetic, but that isn't an excuse for rude and unsatisfactory customer service.I absolutely love United By Blue's coffee beans. It tastes 100 % much better than Starbucks' coffee. This particular location in University City is spacious and unlike most coffee shops in center city you don't have to be anxious about finding a seat or waiting for a table. The latte with almond milk is my go to. I never feel uncomfortable asking the baristas for coffee art. Overall I think this is the best coffee location in UCity as for taste, costumer service and space.Checks the hipster third wave coffeeshop boxes, and i had a pretty good cappuccino from their synesso machine, although they overheated the milk which was a bit of a bummer. They have sandwiches too, pre made, which i didn't try. And clothes, if you're looking for that slightly twee rustic urban adventurer look.This coffee shop has good coffee, but I like their tea better! Other reviews have mentioned that the clothes are expensive. The clothes here are similar to Patagonia; they are pricey but will last a long time. They also have really cute gifts like candles or wallets for outdoorsy type people.Stopped by for the first time this morning while walking to classes. Coffee is decent and the atmosphere of the cafe is soothing and nature oriented. They have information on local hiking options and use recycled products so very conscientious about saving the planet. Probably will stop by again when I am walking by.When Artisserie/Naked Chocolate abruptly closed up shop about three years ago, I was DEVASTATED.   What was I to do without my European-style drinking chocolate, Red Velvet cupcakes, and chicken paninis?  Fortunately for University City, United by Blue became the new occupant of this space and they are a most welcome addition to the neighborhood.  The coffee is a tad bitter for my palate by itself but there is plenty of milk, cream, and sweeteners to doctor it up to your taste.  The baked goods and breakfast sandwiches are also delicious; you can't go wrong with a toasted bagel spread with cream cheese or butter, but when you're in the mood for something a bit more filling, the Big Horn breakfast sandwich (egg, cheddar cheese, and apple butter on a ciabatta roll) is where it's at.  When my sweet tooth persists, I usually aim for a chocolate chip cookie or one of their signature hand-pumped donuts filled with fresh pastry cream.  Next on my list is the donnoli (a donut filled with rich, creamy cannoli filling)!  Given the amount of student traffic, United by Blue is a popular place for hanging out and/or studying so seats tend to fill up quickly, but more often than not, table sharing is encouraged!Siren song of the "hand pumped donut!"  What does that even mean?  All I know is that the donut and the place were quality and tasty.  I complemented my Yelp offer free donut with a nonfat cappuccino.  Wow, what an afternoon pick me up that was!  The donut provided was some kind of cream-filled decadent delight!  Coffee was good too.  Most impressive to me was the *quality* of the place.  I sat at a solid slab of oak for a table, not veneer but a slice of oak....beautiful.  Also, the mix of things for sale were thoughtfully selected and had great karma.  Copper mugs and shakers, quality back packs, and my new favorite the Shinola journal books from Detroit.  If you are looking for a break from Starbucks, this is the place to go!  The coffee prices were on par, or maybe a little less than Starbucks.  This place will fill your heart with good karma while filling your cup with good coffee!Stopped into United by Blue one day to get some studying done and was pleasantly surprised by the ambience. I'm a fan of bigger tables in coffeeshops because I can really spread out and get settled, so I was happy to see a table large enough to seat 6 people upon entering through the doors. I ordered a chai latte and also checked in to get a FREE hand pumped donut! SERIOUSLY DELICIOUS, and you get one every. single. time. you check in! I'll definitely be back for more!I tried United By Blue in University City on a coffee date and I was more than pleased to find that it certainly lives up to the hype. The cold brew was extremely smooth and the taste was top notch. I am searching for the best cold brew at a coffeehouse in Philadelphia and United By Blue is certainly a viable contender. The clothing shop was a bit pricey but the clothes and accessories were very cute. The vibe of the shop was very low key and the aesthetics were pleasing. The barista was a really sweet guy from Rowan University and I enjoyed talking to him. Very friendly and helpful, and he recommended visiting the 2nd street location too. I will definitely be returning soon.Let me just say it's hard to find a coffee shop that equally pleases tea drinkers, and this place did just that. I'm normally a serious latte drinker, but I met my friend who ordered a sweet, iced-tea. So I decided to order that day's London Fog special. For those of you unfamiliar, London Fog is an English, black tea with milk and vanilla. It was great and, I left this place pretty impressed.
Sadly, the very small coffee shop was full, so I didn't get the opportunity to view the many denim offerings on the wall. My friend I took our teas to go, and drank them on Penn's campus. I'd love to go again and get the full vibe because mixing a coffee shop with a denim retail front is both unique and somewhat odd. Judging from the other reviews, it works. So give this place a try.This place is super cute and the vibe is really rustic. Overall, a great place. A little loud for studying, but not too distracting. They have free wifi and lots of seating. They also have outlets! The only reason this is not a 5 star is because I found a hair in my coffee. I got an iced almond milk latte and it was super good up until the point (and no it was not my hair, bc it was short and lighter brown). Anyway, would definitely say to stop by.Started coming here more often since their summer hours are basically the same as before. They've improved the seating situation considerably and there's a nice big work table now in the front along with lots of smaller tables in the back. 
The bagels are excellent and a good value. Get the cream cheese with chive. Their pour-overs are also a steal at $3, even if the coffee is just from their regular coffee selection. 
Only drawbacks--still a weird vibe with the clearly $$$ faux-outdoors retail everywhere and their regular drip coffee can be hit-or-miss. Right now though, UBB has pulled ahead of Hubbub.Nice light filled shop. Don't mind the retail aspect at all. Very tasty third wave coffee.Starbucks' hipster cousin that focuses on ecological sustainability and natural ingredients.
The Good: Very good coffee! The brownie-cookie hybrid I sampled was dense and chocolatey, perfect for an early-morning blood sugar spike. UBB's interior is dressed up in natural wood/metal and the menu is written on a chalkboard behind the counter, lending the place a trendy vibe.
The Bad: Excuse me, but how the hell are you supposed to find a seat in here? It doesn't help that half the space is taken up by several massive racks of hipster clothing and personal items that nobody ever buys. Much better to grab-and-go.
The Ugly: Half a bar of soap is $8. For that price, you'd like to think that some bike-wielding mustachioed fellow from Seattle went Fight-Club-mode and cooked the damn bar himself. Or, on second thought, maybe not...
In any case, UBB gives this native Portlander a much-needed taste of home.This place is a garbage fire of bad service, terrible operations, mediocre food, and overpriced coffee. They sold me a breakfast sandwich, kept me waiting for it, later realized they had been sold out, then blamed me for not picking it up - then were rude and slow in giving me a refund. Stay away!!Most unbiased review!
-Mediocre beverages for unreasonable price :(
-comfortable, hipster decor & variety selection of music include oldies, indie, upbeat, calming, etc. Suitable for studying. 
-Slow service, but customers could browse the magazines, photography books and clothes while waiting.I reeeeally wanted to dislike this place, mostly because the coffee + clothes concept weirded me out. BUT, I have to admit. The coffee here is amazing and some of the best I've had so far in Philly. My soy latte was perfectly done, not burnt to shit like some of the other coffee shops I've tried on/near campus. I will definitely be back!United By Blue has won back my heart. My last experience was a little hairy... but this time was definitely an improvement. The employees were super nice about everything. It gets a little packed in here, but that is definitely a representation of their quality. I also love how we everything here is eco-friendly (so I don't feel bad about forgetting my reusable straws).I was in philly on Memorial Day and the cafe closed early at 6, I went in at 5:54 and the barista was nice enough to still make me a drink without giving me any attitude. 
To this day I haven't had better coffee in nyc than what I had at United by Blue. I think that in and of itself says a lot of things. I'm very jealous of U Penn students in terms of coffee accessibility.United has a great atmosphere and pretty great pastries and coffee. This location is always bustling with students and don't expect to find a seat, but it's great for a quick stop. The hot chocolate is delightfully crafted with rich cocoa, although it varies a lot between baristas. Try it out and grab a bagel too- if they're not sold out!This is a hot new coffeehouse on Penn's campus complete with its own clothing and accessory store built into the shop. They are an earthy crunchy kind of place and use a lot of sustainable products. This is enhanced by their mission to collect as much trash from nature as possible, which they broadcast on the chalkboard above the milk and sugar counter.
I am not sure if the clothes are hand screen printed but they definitely have a careful quality to them and the designs are subtle graphics typically regarding hiking or nature in some way. Very understated and tasteful and the accessories are made in a similar manner. I only wish they were a little cheaper so I could afford them!
Now onto the coffee and food - in short, very good. They hand pump their donuts with buttercream and have several interesting pastries such as cronuts and danolis (sp?). I had a cinnamon stick which was TO DIE FOR. Definitely grab one if you like cinnamon. I also have had a salad because they were out of sandwiches by the time I got there, which was unfortunately not very good I have to say (pretty much just spinach leaves with a few toppings placed at the top), but I will just pretend that was a fluke.
Anyway, the lattes are really good and pretty much the same price as similar "nicer" options in the area such as Starbucks or Hubbub. They have a bunch of fancy siphoning equipment at the counter that is just kind of fun to look at as well.
The only problem I have with this place is that it is too small for a college campus, where people like to come and study. You are lucky if you can get a seat so come at a time when there is less traffic if you want to sit down. However, it is a nice place to sit and work if you can get one - there is an area at the back where the wall is covered by logs which makes the whole place feel kind of woodsy. Also, the service is great and the people are really nice, which is always a plus! Overall, definitely a great addition to the University City area.Although on the pricier side, anything I've had at UBBC&C has been delicious. However today I chose to try the Chickpea Salad with Arugula. The container was about the size of my coffee cup for $6. The 3 leaves of arugula at the bottom were totally limp, saturated with a dressing predominantly olive oil & garlic. The rest of the container was 99.99% chick peas with very little specks of feta. I've called in to let them know how disappointed I was, and the always cheery staff took my info, and explained that this comes in pre-packaged so they will pass on the info to a manager. Just this one poor experience, but would recommend not ordering this unless you're a true chick pea lover.  I'll fill up on the $4 herbed roll.$2.25 for a cup of coffee. Really interesting atmosphere. I wonder who actually buys clothes here. Coffee is pretty solid and this is a good place to get work done if its not too crowded.This is a really busy coffee shop in the heart of Penn. The almond croissant and chai were both okay. I have had much better elsewhere and won't be coming back for them. The almond croissant did not have enough almond taste and the chai lacked flavor as well. The music is way too loud and obnoxious too. Baristas were not friendly and did not smile or greet me. They appear overworked... people were constantly standing next to me as I was trying to work, waiting for their coffee. This space is really too small to get work done--but I guess if you want a quick bite to go with your coffee it's okay.The oatmeal and iced coffee were really good, but the oatmeal was a little bit watery. They have almond milk options, but it doesn't mix too well with the iced coffee so it started to form clumps. Overall the taste was good for both things though!Decent espresso shot! Milk was too hot though. 
Rounding up to 4 from 3.5 stars just because it relatively better than nearby coffee options.I'm guessing that when I got my undersized large cup of coffee that I mentioned in my previous review the person behind the counter may have just mistakenly given me a small. I'm quite happy with this place now. They rearranged the inside to create better seating and the pastries are great. They also have the best bagels on the block by a mile.The coffee is perfectly fine. Better than what you find in most of Philly, but their cup sizes are especially small. I paid $2.75 for a large coffee and by any other coffee shops standards it should have been a medium at best. For my money I think HubBub is a lot better, unless you need to buy socks with your coffee.I met up with a friend of mine this morning for a quick breakfast.  I love the decor in here.  Hipster vibe and they had hiking suggestions with a map of where in PA to go.  All about sustainability. I had the hibiscus iced tea at the suggestion of the cashier.  It was very refreshing.  Not too sweet which I liked.  I also had a breakfast sandwich - turkey sausage, American cheese, and egg on a toasted brioche.  It was savory and delicious!  It wasn't too small nor too large.  Good size for a light breakfast.  I'm sad it has taken me so long to get here since I've worked in the area a few years but happy I did!  I will be back.Great little study spot. Coffee is flavorful and tastes strong. The ambiance is trendy ~ a nature/traveler. Well lit and not too cramped. Definitely recommend for catching up with a friend or trying to get some studying in!Really cute interior. Drinks are a bit pricy, 4 dollars for like a tiny latte is a lot, but It was really creamy, tasty, and well made. I can tell it can get difficult to find a seat and that service can be a little slow if there are a lot of people on line, but potentially worth it. Half price cookies after 6- :OUnited by Blue has great coffee and good food. However, every time I go there, they're out of almost everything, even early in the day. Please order more food! I'm trying to give you my money!This is a legit coffee place but I find the beans they use a bit too acidic (I normally prefer medium roast). If you like light roast, you should check this place out! It's a bit loud and crowded for studying but it's a nice place to just chill and enjoy your coffee.This is my favorite cafe on Penn's campus.  During the school year, it gets very crowded with students, which makes it a little inaccessible, but in the summer and during school breaks, this is an ideal cafe.  The cafe itself is beautiful.  The espresso drinks are great.  They also carry tea from Random Tea Room.  If you have a dairy allergy, you might not be satisfied by the offerings--their soy milk is good in warm drinks, but their almond milk is not.  They also don't have many options for people with other food allergies or digestive issues--for example, no gluten-free options except for granola, which is served with yogurt.  Still, this is a lovely cafe.The first time I stopped in, I wasn't sure if this was a coffee shop or an urban outfitters. The baristas are super nice  (even upgraded my checkin bonus to a cronut! Win!). However, the space is not conducive to working in, and the coffee is overpriced and mediocre. The first time i came here, the straight drip coffee was badly burned, and the milk at the bar curdled. The second time, the latte was ok, but nothing special. The hot tea selection and pastries are good, but again, $3 for a few cents of leaves and hot water is insanely overpriced.My favorite place on Penn's campus to grab a quick coffee, pastry and study for an hour or two.
The space: 
The shop is somewhat small, but there are usually a few available seats even during busy afternoon hours. As other reviewers have mentioned the place has a cool hipstery - but not too pretentious - vibe. If you happen to forget your headphones, their music selection is on point. If you want to plug in your laptop, their are outlets at both of the counters.
The drinks:
My favorite is the chai tea latte. They have any type of milk you could want, which is nice. They also have a wide tea selection. The baristas are friendly and attentive. 
The clothes:
Cool selection of clothing and bags. Their shop on South Street has a wider selection, but its a good spot to pick up a gift or a winter hat.
Overall, a welcome addition to the east side of Penn's campus. When you want something a little more interesting and relaxed than Starbucks, head a few shops down to United by Blue.Great coffee, great service. They do an almond milk cap right here. I've tried a few cafes in Philly and haven't been satisfied. I actually came here after visiting Replica Creative bc of an unsatisfying coffee experience. I appreciate a cafe that knows its craft and this is one. Limited seating, great ambience, and yummy treats.United by Blue is a new place that just opened up on Penn's campus. The store is half coffee shop, half clothing store, which I think is an interesting concept. The decor and ambiance is really nice and laid back so it is a comfortable place to study (more on that later). 
I ordered a small latte and a croissant, both of which were pretty good. My friend tried their special of the day which was the hot apple cider and she really enjoyed it! They also have bagels, donuts, Cronuts, biscottis, etc like a regular coffee shop. They have yogurt/parfaits as well as a few sandwiches and salads. The place was already full with students studying there and upon going, I'm not surprised. I'm sure this place will get even busier as the year progresses and more students try it out. That said, United by Blue is certainly a welcome addition to our campus.
For those interested in their clothes as well - the frequent customer punch card can get you a free coffee but also 20% off of the merchandise!It's my first time here with my friends. I like mocha    a lot!!! A++++. This is the only place we will come again. How about every day?!Ride the third wave. Great coffee, nice pastry selection, great service thus far. Though I think Slavoj Zizek may laugh at sign which reads the with every product sold we remove 1 lb. of trash from a body of water. That is for the clothing I'm sure. But who really cares what that blow hard thinks? Decent prices on wool socks, surprisingly. This side of the Schuylkill needed decent coffee. Anyone who states that the coffee at Wawa is better or the espresso is sour must not be that into coffee. The drinks I've had have been excellent. I'd say better prepared than at the ReAnimator locations.I found out about this place by chance last year through one of my professors and I'm really glad I did! Alongside the coffee/tea they serve, my favorite thing about the place is the ambience. I'm really into the whole indie feel, and the combination of the music they play with the clothes/bags/etc. on display just gives the place a really cozy vibe. Like others, I agree that one of the downsides is that there could be more seating space, but most of the time I order to-go anyway, so it doesn't bother me too much.
My personal favorites are the mocha and chai latte, and the seasonal drinks are fun to try as well.
Also worth nothing, it's kind of a feel-good thing to know that the company has that social responsibility aspect to them with the environmental focus. (Side note: their Instagram photos are quite aesthetic).Their cappuccino is reply good although for done a bit bitter. Tastes better If you stay there and drink itCool place with shopping by the same brand. Ambience is excellent. Convenient location near UPenn. Cortado was goodStopped by here to grab a quick chai latte the other day. I was intrigued by the hipster vibe to the place and was curious to see what the hype was all about. The store has an interesting concept being that is half-coffeeshop, half-clothing store. 
I didn't get a chance to try any of their food but they had some pretty cool offerings like cronuts and danolis but the chai latte I ordered was definitely above average! It wasn't too sweet like most chai lattes. I liked that they have a square card reader for payments. While I waited for my drink, I had a chance to browse through their clothes. The clothes seemed a little overpriced but appeared to be of high quality and well-thought out. They also had some cool bags that I'd want to check out more closely some other time. 
While I did enjoy what I ordered, I found them to be a little pricey. My small chai latte was a good $4.50 which is way more than what I'm used to paying at Hubbub or Starbucks. They also have very limited seating which isn't ideal for a coffeeshop located on a college campus.Hi Danielle, thank you for taking the time to respond and address my issue. The next time I visited UBB, it definitely seemed like effort was being taken to proactively communicate when the kitchen was out of specific ingredients. However, this begs the question of why so many ingredients are out of stock all the time. The prices of the menu items most likely incorporates the prices of its listed ingredients, so when you're forcing customers to substitute or miss out on ingredients, the pricing becomes suspect, if not inflated.Great place to stop in for an above-average coffee experience. Has a great feel, good looking food, and reliable high-quality coffee.
They can get pretty busy, so keep that in mind here if you're in a hurry or hate crowds.
I would highly recommend that they announce their drinks by people's names rather than by the name of the drink. Someone else claimed mine instantly and already had a lid on it before I decided to just swallow the loss and wait another 5 minutes for hers. First world problems, but the hAnger is real.I was really excited when this coffee shop opened in University City right next to two neighboring Starbucks. Sadly, the coffee here doesn't quite live up to the cool, hip vibe of the place or its prices. After ordering two iced coffees, my friend and I experienced severe chest burn. The service is distracted and not very welcoming. 
If you are looking for good coffee in this area, I recommend Joe on 30th Street.I should preface, I'm a bit of a coffee snob, and have had coffee from some of the best regions of the world. So I judge coffee shops very harshly, especially when the up their price fora cup of coffee that is no better than Dunkin. United by Blue has decent coffee. It's slightly better than Starbucks and Dunkin. However, the price point for their coffee/pastries is much better than I expected. Don't order a small - it's a rip off. But their large (16 oz) is very reasonably priced. Their pastries are something really worth mentioning. I only ordered a chocolate chip cookie, but after trying that, I will certainly try some other stuff. From my understanding, they import their pastries from other bakeries. Again, going back to the price, I'm really surprised with how reasonable it is. The quality of the cookies was top notch, too. Their scones look fantastic. That's next on the list. Anyway, I do recommend this coffee shop. It's got a cool vibe and less crowded than Starbucks. The coffee is decent, the pastries are good, and the staff is tentative.United has a great atmosphere and pretty great pastries and coffee. This location is always bustling with students and don't expect to find a seat, but it's great for a quick stop. The hot chocolate is delightfully crafted with rich cocoa, although it varies a lot between baristas. Try it out and grab a bagel too- if they're not sold out!An interesting idea of being a clothing store and coffee shop. I had a business meeting here and found them to be friendly and fast. Understanding that they would like to sell some clothes, this limits their seating and for us, that meant taking our coffee togo. No worries there, we found outside seating near Penn Bookstore. At the same time, once Winter rolls around, on of the four or five Starbucks at Penn or Drexel will have my business thanks to them having tons of seating.I had cappucino and chocolate chip cookie. Both were tasty. The problem is there are only 3 tables to sit in the place, so do not plan to go and sit at there.This is my favorite coffee shop in University City. The baristas are nice and knowledgeable, the atmosphere is modern, yet rustic and the coffee is expertly crafted. A good latte and a good article would be a great way to spend your time at this place.Some good info to know:
*25 cents off of coffee if you bring your own mug
*Pastry Happy hour from 6-7: Half off all pastries! 
*Free doughnut when you check in
I've been here a couple of times as it is a 2 minute walk from my graduate school. When it first opened, I was excited to see another coffee shop other than Starbucks! However, it quickly dissipated when I saw the prices, cannot go as often as I would like. The atmosphere is nice. In the beginning, there was actually more merchandise, but when I went in a couple days okay, I noticed there were more tables in the back and less merch (I think they're listening to the other reviews written here which is great~) 
The merchandise is beautifully crafted items, however, definitely something I cannot buy as a student, but nevertheless, something nice to look at while waiting for your coffee. 
Has definitely a hipster/trendy feel to the whole area with the wooden tables and such. 
I've had the cappuccino here a couple of times which I've enjoyed. Got the mocha recently- actually not a fan :/ 
Went in late to get the doughnut, however, the barista said they get few and quickly run out so to come in the morning to get them. (But I have had it before and it is delicious) Instead opted for the onion bagel toasted for half off, which came out to only $1.25. I would say thats a good deal.3.5 stars but bumped it up to 4 stars.
A cool place to get some work done if you can manage to snag a spot! Located on the east end of the Penn campus, United by Blue offers good organic coffee and a nice environment. They also accept credit cards with no minimum which is always a nice plus. I also appreciate the choice for almond milk, my favorite milk substitute!
My only complaints of this place is that it is too pricey - my tiny little cappuccino to go cost about $3.50 - and the lack of study/work space. If it had more open space, I could see myself frequenting this place to work. For now, it'll remain a place for me to go when I am feeling a need for a pick-me-up.I was initially skeptical of this place - because I heard it was a denim shop AND a coffee shop, but it I realized that it's more coffee shop than a clothier. I got their chai because it was highly recommended, but it definitely had a weird aftertaste. It was pretty artfully made though. This would be a great place to get some work done as there is ample seating and great wifi.This place was so much better before they expanded into the adjacent space! What used to be a cozy coffee shop is now a study hall for Penn students and more of a clothing store that happens to sell coffee than an actual coffee shop.
Still giving 3 stars because the coffee and pastries are pretty good and it's still a far superior option to the Starbucks next door. Also a big fan of the outdoor gear they retail here.Standard little coffee shop, though this one is always crowded as it is located next to Penn and Drexel. Very hard to find a seat, but cozy and warm if you do- they have clothes for sale but it's honestly way too overpriced to buy the clothes. I'm boring and get black coffee every time but it's good.Coffee: Definitely would give 4 stars. I really like their iced coffee. It's not burnt tasting like Starbucks coffee, which I usually go to.
Food: Eh. Three stars. Somehow their food is ALWAYS slimy. I've gotten a wrap and a sandwich with egg and both times, the egg has flopped out before I could even take the first bite. 
Ambiance: Cute. Always crowded. Not really that quiet. Probably hard to work here, as the tables are super close together.
Either way, nice place to stop in for coffee and chat with people. Definitely a good place to meet up for coffee.Haven't tried any drinks but the cold brew here, and it is excellent. I had an almond croissant from here and it was decent, but not the best i've had. Ultimately 5 stars because I care about coffeeHad a great experience at United by Blue hosting coffee chats for work. The space is relatively big and open, which was ideal when needing a few tables. The menu was pretty solid, and between matcha lattes and coffees, I was able to stay entertained with drink options throughout the day. My only complaint is the lack of accessible outlets - which is not an issue if there to read or chat, but if you need to use electronics, charge up before settling in.I thought this place looked great; hipster vibe with the clothing shop inside the store and what looked to be good vegan and fresh baked goods. Unfortunately, the baked goods were clearly not fresh - muffin was dense and heavy and not much flavor (was supposed to be strawberry cardamom).  Chai was fine, but barely warm when I received it.In comparison to all the other coffee places around campus, United by Blue is the best. Great flavored coffee and espresso? Yes. Hand-pumped donuts and other pastries? Amazing. But for those who think it might be a bit pricey, compare the espresso drink prices with Starbucks...and you'll find they really aren't so different, especially when you're getting a better drink for about the same price (the mochas actually taste like espresso instead of straight chocolate). As they say, you get what you pay for. 
Something else I've learned, all their espresso drinks (lattes, mochas, etc.) come with TWO espresso shots ALWAYS. 
Their coffee selections changes daily, and they have a great range of teas to choose from if coffee isn't your thing. I'm not so big on the merchandise half, which does take away from the amount of seating, but the ambiance is quite nice, the baristas are always in a good mood, and I've never had to wait more than five minutes even if the place gets a little packed. 
If you're looking for something great to kick up your day (morning, afternoon, or evening), I would highly recommend this place.I work in the area and I have stopped in here several times. The service I experienced this morning was very out of the ordinary for this location. I ordered a coffee and a breakfast sandwich when there was only one other individual was in line. The coffee came promptly, but my sandwich not so much. After waiting several minutes while the person behind me received their bagel & cream cheese and I listened to the employees have a nonsense conversation about one of their distastes for Pitbull's music, I started to get slightly annoyed. One of the employees came over and said their was a delay with putting your sandwich on the grill. Yeah it was you chitchatting about nothing... I would have been totally fine if she had just said "I am so sorry I forgot." Or "the grill needed to be preheated." But then I got my sandwich and it was extremely evident the grill had not been cleaned. There was a decent layer of burnt residue on my sandwich. On top of it, this delay made me late for work.While I love the theme of conservation and sustainability, the prices for their merch are insane. So don't go in here looking to buy a backpack or really anything besides coffee and food. 
That being said, the coffee is great. Lattes and cappuccinos taste spot-on and are about the same price that you'd find at Starbucks. The hand-pumped donut has the best cream filling I've ever had. The sandwiches (I've only had 1) are large and worth the money. Service has always been very good to me. It has a nice atmosphere although at certain times it does get really crowded.The coffee is good. The atmosphere is good. The service is generally good. The menu looks very good, but I wouldn't know if the food tastes any good. Every time I've been here, the kitchen has been out of nearly everything. No chicken, avocado, bacon, hummus, muffins--you name it, they're out. By lunchtime, over half of the menu is unavailable. If this is a consistent problem, I don't see why there isn't a larger stock of ingredients. If this gets fixed, the shop would be almost perfect, until then, it's a major issue.First time trying a seasonal drink selection at UBB... and I ended up walking out with a pair of hiking socks too, whoops!
I went with the Cinnamon White Mocha with Skim Milk... it was quite tasty and I usually am not a fan of Mocha. Although, the barista recommended doing it with Whole Milk -- it probably would have tasted much better. Either way, this is the best coffee option they have around the University. 
Great gifts for the holiday season in here. So happy this location is expanding!As a Penn student, this is my go-to coffee shop! LOVE the coffee--my typical order is an oat milk latte and I super appreciate how they don't up-charge for alternative milks!!!!! Also they offer 25 cents off if you BYO mug, which is amazing. I love trying new coffees at coffeeshops around town, but I will keep going to UBB because I haven't found anywhere else as affordable and good quality. They also serve Dottie's Donuts, which is fantastic because I think Dottie's is kind of far. However, they tend to run out of their vegan pastries in the early afternoon, which is sometimes disappointing, and often they are also out of oat milk so sometimes I call in advance to make sure they have it that day. There's also a punch card system (10 drinks=1 free drink) which I use every time I go. Their merchandise is kind of overpriced, but I have some shirts after going to their warehouse sale.
Inside, it's super cute and a great place to study, but it fills up very quickly and during finals season I have to go within the first hour of it opening in order to guarantee a spot to sit. The seats around the perimeter have outlets, but the tables in the middle don't. A lot of students will come and sit for hours (me included), so it can be hard to find a spot. Still, I love this place and I'll continue coming until I graduate!It's a nice place to study and it has free WiFi. I got a vanilla latte and the oatmeal. The latte was good but warning... do not get the oatmeal. It was pretty much cereal... it had way too much milk that it overpowered everything in that bowl.I only recently discovered the magic of United by Blue and so was only able to enjoy it for a couple of months before I recently moved out of Philadelphia.
This retail store x coffee shop is ADORABLE. An amazing ethos graces the wall (about United by Blue's commitment to ocean and environment), and the decor feels earthy, outdoorsy, and organic. The apparel and accessories are all up for sale, but I haven't really felt the need or urge to purchase anything (though I'll always make note of how cute I think everything is -- especially the beanies and soy candles). 
I absolutely LOVE the iced coffee here (I always add almond milk or soy milk) as well as the yogurt with granola. It is amazing. Thick and creamy greek yogurt topped with their gluten-free granola and a drizzle of local honey. It's perfect for breakfast - just filling enough and just sweet enough to satisfy any cravings for the day - and you can even get it to go (I'd often purchase right before class). They run out of the yogurt pretty quickly since it is such a hot seller, so sometimes I've been bummed at it being out-of-stock after trekking all the way to the store.
That being said, I've LOVED spending time at UBB. There is limited seating, but there IS wifi and I've gotten some great work done in the coffee shop. The baristas are all super nice and friendly as well, and service is quick!
Definitely check it out, and learn about the work they are doing to protect their environment! It makes the experience 10x more exciting.Ordered 2 items online from this store. One of the items was the wrong color. The other had a very poor fit compared to the tagged size and there was no other suitable size to exchange for (the smallest size was way too big).
Even after an interaction with customer support, I was forced to pay for return shipping. It's too bad, the quality of the garments was OK, but if anything goes wrong, in my experience you will be left footing the bill.It's always nice when the shop comments back and is not defensive. FWIW, it was mid afternoon and the end of the day. It might be fresher in the AM, and hence better. If this is the case, maybe a cut off time where the price drops due to freshness is the solution. But for all I know, this just may be the way it is. I'm a spoiled foodie from NYC, so I am often a tough critic.the chai tea is made with a powder mix... i could feel the powder in my mouth with each sip. i paid $5.50 for that shit!!!!Can I just move in already? Everything I have had (from coffee to hot chocolate) has been delicious and beautifully presented. The place is just perfect. The clothes and other items they sell make me wanna cry because I want it ALL. If I could, I would buy up everything and spend all of my free time here. Love everything they do and what they stand for, and service has always been so amazing.Like reviewer Naomi C., we came here from the Wyndham. It's a different world - like something out of Portland. Take a moment to eye the merch as you pass through the store.
You order from a counter, and if you're only having coffee and pastries then it's completely self serve. The coffee, served up in mugs, was quite good. We split a large croissant to nibble on while waiting for our hot meals. The croissant was quite good as well, crusty/flaky if rustic in appearance and not exactly authentically French.
Having gone two for two on our first two choices we eagerly awaited our meals. The grit cakes with bison sausage was the  winning dish. Perfectly cooked sunny side eggs, tasty cakes, and juicy, flavorful sausage. I probably should have changed my order when the counter-person told me I could not have sunny side up eggs with the salmon/bacon hash - the eggs would come scrambled in. This dish did not work for me. Had the eggs been separate, the hash - potato chunks, plentiful salmon, bacon, onion and scallion would have been divine under a runny egg yolk.  Mixed with egg, the hash could not develop crusty goodness. The  were overcooked, under-seasoned and made the whole dish a little bland. Adding salt, pepper and hot sauce after is not the same as cooking the seasonings into the eggs. The sourdough toast that accompanied the hash was near perfection, fresh, lightly buttered, toasted just enough.  Maybe if I come back and ask nicely, I can get fried eggs on top of hash the way it should be. UBB, please reconsider this dish.
I would certainly return. Three our of four choices were excellent.Americano was nice. I would only ask for less water next time. However I like that it's organic. I've bought ground beans from here but they were a bit pricey, which is also understandable since they're organic. However I prefer old city coffee for buying beans.I had a card for a free pour over coffee, so I decided to check them out. The place has a real laid back/woodsy type of feel to it. I like how you can choose 4 different types of coffee from different parts of the world. The coffee I ordered was bold and had a decent chocolate note flavor. I also got a cookie to compliment it, which hit the spot. The store in the back had a lot of cool clothes from board shorts to caps. I also like how they are very involved in the community and will have clean ups around Philly. I really enjoy this coffee shop very much, and will hope to return frequently.UBB is pretty awesome! I'm a sucker for philanthropic organizations, funky threads, and organic coffee, so this place automatically got a couple thumbs up in my book. 
The location is perfectly situated across from the oldest residential street in the country, in an artsy corner of Old City. It pretty much feels like you're walking into home, and then a clothing store, and then finally into a gourmet place to grab a bagel, sweet, or hot brewed beverage. The staff here were really friendly, and I even got a pack of free postcards with my Yelp check-in!
All clothing items sold here mean a pound of trash taken out of our waterways - how cool is that! I will definitely return when I'm in the area.Good service.  Quiet environment.  Fast internet.  I don't drink coffee, but their tea is good.Awesome place for a breakfast, doesn't feel like you walk into a store, just a coffee shop that happens to have camping gear and jackets you can actually buy. Got the Philly bagel with avocado spread with added special seasoning, worth it.I have been meaning to try this coffee shop since it opened.  Since it is across from city hall, I thought that it would be fairly crowded.  There were only two other people inside when I went in, granted it was after the lunch rush.  It had a very extensive menu, but as others have stated, it is expensive.  I got a mocha, and it was delicious, but tiny and $5. I would definitely go again as a lot of the food sounds delicious, but I will be ready to spend a hefty penny. 
The staff was also very friendly!I dig this place. I would come back if I was looking to grab a coffee or have a quiet place to do work. Barista was friendly and made a yummy cafe au lait, although it could have been a little warmer. I got a free bagel & cream cheese by mentioning Yelp, so that was super awesome!
The bags & accessories are really nice & have an earthy feel to them. For the quality of the bags I think they're reasonably priced, especially since they give a one year warranty...Although $8 for a bar of soap seemed crazy overpriced.
The atmosphere is a little polished, but I liked the music they were playing - it was upbeat but not overwhelming. I couldn't get the wifi to work on my computer but the barista was really nice & gave me their back office password which did work. All in all a good spot for a beverage, a sweet bag, and uninterrupted quiet.Love this place! It's a great place to get work done and has an awesome variety of teas and coffees.  Their clothing and accessories are super cute, too!  I also love that they're a socially responsible company. I definitely recommend stopping in sometime!!The service was great, the sandwiches were great, and the hand pumped donuts were amazing. Definitely worth a trip. Service will take forever though.Great little concept! Coffee and clothes! What could be better?
Friendly barista, great cortado, great space :)
Will returnGreat little coffee bar for a clothing shop. Just had a Honduran pour over to drink, but the roast was perfect and flavorful. Also got a free donut for checking in here, and it was outstanding.I love this place. It's a great cafe that supports good causes. The coffee is good and not too pricey. The front of the cafe has a few seats and free wifi if you want to come here and hang out, and in back they have a store where you can buy clothes and bags made of sustainable materials. And with every item you purchase, they pledge to remove a pound of trash from a local river or ocean. How cool! The store is also involved in the community. They sponsor waterway cleanups, participate in clothing drives like a recent shoe drive that supported merchants in developing countries, and host classes where you can learn how to be crafty and, for example, learn how to weave. The coffee itself would keep me coming back, but their social mission is an even better reason to return!Chalkboard coffee- you know what I mean.
I disagree about the place having a Portlandia vibe. More of a fixed gear bike, handle bar mustache vibe.
Ask for Jenkins, he makes the best latte. 
And Cronuts, although as I stand here the Cronuts are sold out. Darn!
Really beautiful bags- wish I could buy them all.I visited this coffee shop on the Saturday of the March For Science in Philadelphia and I was more than pleased with the service. The baristas were very accommodating and provided us with warm beverages and bagels to help shake the cold and the rain. I tried a hot London Fog with honey and vanilla and it was delicious and just sweet enough. The everything bagel with cream cheese I had was also very nicely sized and tasty. The exposed brick inside the building was very charming and the seating area was very comfortable. I will definitely visit again and I also recommend visiting the University City location.The service was great and the atmosphere was really chill. I was expecting something a bit more food than coffee oriented, but I still got one of their donuts. Good, not the best ever, but certainly worth getting again. The only thing is they only have two flavors I wish they would make a few more.It's not a bad place if you can get a seat.
I've had to walk out several times in the course of a week because it was overrun by the laptop army occupying seats for hours with a small coffee by their side. My suggestion to the owners is to turn off the internet at all but the slowest times.warm, woodsy, comfortable, spacious and cozy at the same time. definitely making this my regular morning stop. love the pour-over coffee that doesn't even need milk or sugar, love the shopping while you wait, love the pine cone decor on the coffee table~ and oh, love the ocean saving mission of the company. please make sure there's space for me to park for a few hours with my laptop because i can imagine the place filling up just like that. thanks for the positive experience!Wonderful coffees and teas from local and organic sources.
Atmosphere is very relaxing. I go there to work on my lap top in an extremely relaxing and non-hurried atmosphere. The clothes are of very good quality.
Love that they serve sandwiches from the nearby Wedge and Fig restaurant.This shop is so cute! They carry a really neat selection of anything from Found dog collars to foldable camping chairs to shirts. The coffee is great and they carry WECKERLY'S ice cream (the bomb.com). I think the best part is you can bring your dog in! :)You whats a really really random coffee place in old city? This place. They sell jeans, and camping gear, and then they just sell coffee. Do it in the spring when theres a ferocious breeze but its just warm enough.Good seats, good people, good cause- and amazing coffee! 
The latte is so delicious. A perfect place to catch up with friends!Finally found a good cup of coffee and a place to bring my dog. In the winter it's really hard to find a place that's not outside only for pets. The shop wasn't pack so plenty of space to sit. The barista was friendly and they had treats for my dog when I walked in. Bonus, you can shop while you get a cup of coffee and a pastry.Love the concept and the vibe here!  I found United By Blue during First Friday.  I happened to walk by on my way down the street and decided to check it out.  They had awesome live music, some free drinks, and snacks.
I can tell that the staff and the owners really care about the environment and the local community. I'm hoping to join them on a local clean up soon! 
Did I mention the cronuts? No?! You NEED a cronut immediately! I haven't seen them anywhere else in the neighborhood, so this is my go to when I need my cronut fix. Their pour over coffee is awesome too! They use a local roaster, as if they weren't locally focused enough!
Check this place out! The staff is always helpful and they love to share their mission with their customers. It's nice and cozy if you want to stop by for coffee or a cronut. Help support this local Eco-friendly business!!!Visiting from Seattle & UBB felt like home! Great, healthy food options, coffee on par & nice/chill. Compared to Filson (which does make all their products in Seattle), clothing & bags are very reasonable!Come here for the Sunrise sandwich on an everything bagel not the wifi. Yes, the bagel was perfectly heated and the egg was perfect as well! Delicious! I will say... best one in Philly for me. 
I came to get some work done but the wifi service they chose wasn't the best. Slow to log in and sluggish to send a simple email. Wanted to upload a 360 video clip to YouTube. That's not happening. 
5 stars for sure. The staff and food were excellent and yummy, respectively, of course. 
Definitely coming back but will hotspot my phone for wifi.i went in looking for a t shirt that i saw listed on the website.  It was in stock, grabbed a solid cup of coffee and cronut.  amazing.  love the social awareness message!Love this place and would give 5 stars on all except for the WiFi. It's painfully slow. So slow that I had to leave. PLEASE change your WIFi. I want to go back but can't until this has been fixed.This is my new favorite place in Old City - it's so pretty inside!  The space itself is airy and spacious and decorated in a really stylish way.  The clothes and bags are so nice.  They have men's and women's selections.  They also have a good selection of accessories from notebooks to sunglasses.  
I like their whole mission to remove one pound of trash from the ocean for each item sold.  I'm not sure how they do this, but it's appreciated.  I saw on their blackboard today that they even have CSA pickup.  I wasn't aware of this previously and I might join if I have local pickup in Old City where I don't have to drive.  
They have pour over coffee and I'm in love with their cronuts!  Both inside and outside seating and you won't have to fight for a table like you do at Cafe Ole.  I wish I hadn't waited so long to check this place out and you shouldn't wait either.Pretty unique concept as it's a coffee shop/restaurant/clothing store all in one. The food is super local and super delicious. I live in the neighborhood so it's definitely one of my go to coffee shops and recently just picked up a cool backpack as well!Very nice environment and location. You should come by if haven't been here.
As someone already pointed out, I'm not sure about the mix of having a coffee store and clothing store at the same time. I can only comment on the coffee section: prices are a bit expensive, but they let you know that everything they sell is rather organic or local. Also, since I guess their priority is the clothing section, they don't have much variety of pastries. Is this a good place for working? Not so sure: although beautiful there are not many sits and I didn't see a power outlet. Still, come by, beautiful space.I came in to try a latte and got a pleasant surprise when I got a complimentary hand pumped donut with check-in. Great service and environment, awesome latte and the donut was delicious. I'll definitely be coming back here!Place is great to work and study. Coffee is decent. The one thing I did not like was the baristas service. I have visited this place three times, and all three times have gotten dissatisfied with their coffee and service. First time I asked for a chai latte. It was cold and made with the wrong milk. Second time I asked for an almond cappuccino and the barista could not care any less about the presentation. He spilled coffee all over my cup and did not clean or at least tried to make it look presentable. His attitude was also not the best. Besides that, place is great to have black coffee and work/study.We popped in per our friend's recommendation, and I'm so happy we did!
My gf got the pancakes w/iced coffee and I got a breakfast sandwich w/iced coffee. 
The portions were large enough we ended up sharing. The pancakes were exactly how I liked them - not too fluffy and not too thick and the syrups they gave on the side were delish! The breakfast sandwich was to die for - the eggs were scrambled to perfection (some of the best I have ever had). The iced coffee was also pretty perfect. The best hangover breakfast we have had in a long time!Overall, United by Blue was a great experience.  The atmosphere is peaceful and it feels like an oasis amid the bustling city of Philly. They have a great selection of food for a quick breakfast or lunch. The Forager's Salad with mushrooms and beets was simple, but delicious. The hummus sandwich was a perfect balance of textures and flavors. The ABLT was delicious and flavorful. The only thing I would stay away from is the tropical smoothie. I was expecting to be transported to a mango pineapple oasis, but was instead left with a sugary banana milk. The smoothie was way too sweet and all I could taste was banana. As long as you stay away from the smoothies, which I believe are a recent addition to the menu, you  are sure to have a fresh and delicious meal or snack at United by Blue.Stopped by while visiting from Brooklyn and the place is what I would classify as heaven - coffee, food, and beautiful clothing/accessories. 
Ended up talking to Brian for nearly an hour about just about everything, incredible story of how they came to be. 
Old City was a great experience and this place topped it off. Highly, highly recommend.This review is about one thing and one thing only, and it's not about the coffee. Let's just say I was on a mission, one of a very serious nature.
United By Blue recently opened. After the first week, I caught wind that they had donnolis. What's a donnoli you ask? Well, it's a donut with cannoli cream in the middle. Uh huh.
Well, you can only imagine how getting here and getting a donnoli became my mission. The mission was further pressed when a coworker came back with a donut and told me it was hand pressed. But it was no donnoli, so it was up to me to taste the glory.
$5 later - yes that's right, a $5 donut - I had a donnoli in my hand. Not able to wait another minute, I crammed it into my mouth as I walked. The cannoli cream was pretty darn good. But the donut was a let down. It was kind of okay, maybe even a bit stale.
Up there, at the top, where my review started, that's my bubble. Right here is where it burst.
So yeah, I got to taste a donnoli, and can say I had a $5 donut. I am more proud, though disappointed, of the former. Moral of the story - never spend $5 on a donut unless someone else has tried it and went from being a janitor to an open heart surgeon over night. So not worth it.Can I just say that this place is AWESOME! It's earthy, conscious, DELICIOUS and all around a good vibe! I live around the corner and one day after dealing with a teething baby all night, decided to get coffee. I've never been a coffee drinker but man, my first Latte had me hooked! And because I'm such a coffee novice, I went somewhere else to get one after the UBB but it didn't even compare! 
Then after several more coffee visits I decided to try the breakfast. Me and bae we're hooked. Very fresh, like something you'd make at home. I had the river hash and bae had the breakfast sandwich with potatoes. Winner. Do yourself a favor, eat here, shop here, work here and support the environment. How much more of a win do you really need?!Hand pumped donut deal is awesome with nice coffee options. The barista cabin is charming and makes for a fun out of doors vibe. Views of stately big blue Ben Franklin bridge are great, especially for Insta.
Lots of 2 person tables and dog friendly, inside?
Visiting Old City definitely hit this spot for some cool threads and accessories plus bonus eats!
Oh, and it has a nice cedar smell!Bleh.  Not really worth going out of your way.  The free "hand pumped" donut is about as bland as pastries get.  The store has some cool, hipster-type products that are locally made and such, but if you just want some coffee or a donut, go someplace else.Relatively new coffee shop that opened this year. One of the freshest tasting cups I've ever had. UBB has a very nice atmosphere in the store and they have free wi-fi as well if you feel like getting some work done outside the office. Had a little conversation with a few of the employees and realized how amazing this company is! They are a sustainable brand who host public waterway cleanups around the US and within the Philadelphia area. Good cause, cool clothing, delicious coffee, and friggin cronuts. Can't get any better than that.Excellent coffee and service, quiet and quaint shop, great clothing and bag selection in what is still my favorite section of Philly. Will definitely be back.Having had such a great experience at United by Blue's University City location, I found myself in Old City one afternoon looking to kill some time, so I stopped by their Old City location.  This one is spacious and welcoming with friendly, enthusiastic staff.  In addition to the coffee, sandwiches, and baked goods, the shop is well stocked with eco-friendly gifts from camping gear to clothing and accessories.  Not to mention the cafe is dog-friendly--another patron let me pet her dog (a very sweet, friendly golden retriever who was eager to give me kisses! I have a soft spot for doggie kisses!).  Since I wasn't incredibly hungry, I settled on one of their hand-pumped donuts and I was pleasantly surprised by it--not overloaded with too much cream yet just the right amount!  Will definitely return on a future venture into Old City!United by Blue is the kind of coffee shop I'd hang out in on a regular basis if I lived in Philly. I stumbled  in after taking a stroll down Elfreth's Alley. It's a perfect space for lumbersexuals. Doughnuts, coffee, waxed leather fashion, and decorative axes. What more could you ask for?!Three guys cooking behind the counter literally cooking one order at a time. Once one was complete, they would start the next. It took an hour to get our food.I really love this place, esp. the new location! Their coffee and food is actually awesome and I love the vibe of being in a retail store but also not. It's definitely making its mark on Old City. Recommend!LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!! I was here on a weekend trip to visit a friend and wanted some breakfast and hot chocolate fo bring to the pier to watch the day go by.
This place is so great! They have the best water I've tasted in philly! They also give you the option of still or sparkling water and you can get it yourself! You don't have to wait in line or anything.
I got the build your own sandwich but made it into a bagel instead with bacon and cheese. Delicious!! Exactly what I needed! Unfortunately, they ran out of chocolate syrup so I couldn't get any hot chocolate. 
As someone who is environmentally conscious, all their trash bins have options for trash, compost, and recycling. They also have a wall that says how many pounds of trash they've removed! We need more places like this all over the country!!! 
If you're feeling like shopping, there is also a clothes section that you can buy stuff while you're waiting for your order!I'm not a big retail shopper, but we were lured by the groupon carrot that gave you twice the cash as well as a coffee and Danish. Sold! The decor of this place appeals to me, with many up cycled and reclaimed items. I love the throwback feel, the sustainable practices, the charitable giving and the awesome coffee. Although the clothing line is not my typical style, and borders on unisex, I got a kick ass, organic cotton t-shirt touting my save-the-oceans sentiment. The quality of this shirt is such that it will last 20 years without visible wear. While normally paying $34 for a t-shirt would be out of my range, I felt good about doing it for both a good cause and a good product (did I mention for every product sold they will remove a pound of trash from the ocean? You probably already knew that).
And there's not just clothing, but bags, gifts, and home accessories.
What's most impressive about this place is the owner, Brian. Now, I am biased. I do know Brian personally, as I was his personal trainer for a short period in the fall while he was working on opening the store. He and his lovely wife Joanna  (hi Joanna!) are simply two of the nicest, humblest people I've ever met. In fact, he never even spoke about the store like it was his own. It just sounded like a project they were working on together, not this monumental, charity-driven business endeavor. You can feel good that your purchases here are not only supporting a good cause, but an entrepreneur with a heart of gold who genuinely wants to make the world a better place. I recommend you go to their website and read the About Us section before visiting the store.United by Blue is a unique clothing shop in Old City that I only just came across, though they opened in the Fall of 2013. They clean up one pound of trash from the ocean for every product sold. Plus their goods are mostly made of sustainable and organic materials. The product tags are even made out of elephant poop. Pretty cool, but why does Midtown Lunch care? Oh, because they also have a cafe inside. The menu has healthy things, naturally, like salads and wraps, plus an intense coffee and tea menu. Most importantly, for my purposes, are the HAND PUMPED to order donuts.
Donuts come from Frangelli's in South Philly. A sophisticated and decadent amaretto butter cream is generously pumped in to the donut, which then gets a hit of powdered sugar. If you are rummaging through the Old City boutiques, you shouldn't miss this hidden treat.
Cronuts are also included in the baked goods offering, but that is so 2013.Another cool find through my yoga school. They are located in local clothing store which is nice. Very pretty deco and trendy. Me and my classmates hung out here a lot during lunch break. I've never eaten here but saw sandwiches and they looked good. I didn't think their coffee was special though and somewhat pricy. But it is really cute coffee shop and I would go back there if I am near by.We ordered a Matcha green tea latte, iced from the recommendation of the barista. Came here specifically since there are limited locations and wanted to see the products in person before buying online. Would definitely come back if I am in the Philly again.One of my favorite places for brunch in Philly!  My boyfriend and I have brought our friends and family here, and it never seems to disappoint!  I love that they're environmentally friendly.  The food is delicious, and the coffee is on point!  My personal favorite is the Bison Breakfast, but they have great sandwiches as well!  Definitely recommend!This place is like a little oasis within the city. Coffee shops are all looking the same these days- modern, sterile, and all white. I find the best ones to be the cozy kind that feel like you're hanging out in a log cabin. This place is warm and inviting, without losing the modern/updated piece.
Enjoy walking around with a delicious drink and browsing the awesome outdoorsy merch. I went with an iced latte. The caramel syrup was the best I've tasted of those made in-house. There are multiple food options available, as well regular and sparkling water on tap. 
There are a couple of nice couches for seating if you can snag 'em before someone else. Otherwise multiple tables are available.
And I never thought I'd call a bathroom beautiful but these are.Visiting a friend for a week, I keep returning to this delicious spot! There are many other good neighborhood restaurants but these meals are so clean, delicious and hearty; it's perfect. The staff is friendly, it's prepared remarkably quickly, portions are generous and it has a good mission to boot! It also has an enjoyable urban environment for el fresco dining. 
Salmon Hash - incredibleOriginally, I had planned to take some food to go. However, I saw the space and decided to bring some schoolwork over and do work there. I ended up ordering the maple vanilla latte, a Sunrise Sandwich on an everything bagel, AND i ordered the forager salad to go for lunch. Everything was great. The wifi worked well for me (just updating some google docs). The seats were comfortable and the ambiance at 8 to 10:30am on a Sunday was cohesive to do schoolwork. A+another coffeeshop along the lines of w/n w/n, elixr, or double knot*, this one's twist is that they sell apparel, specifically outdoorsy, mountain man apparel. think totem if they brewed reanimator coffee. last time i was here one of the employees was chopping wood with an axe while i ordered my americano.
*on a side note, i like how all these similar coffee shops are in different neighborhoods, rather than have all the good vibes bunched together.Probably the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Well done.Just arrived in Philadelphia from NY and we wanted to grabb something, found this place and oh my. Ordered the warm chocolate drink which was one of the best I've ever had. Also ordered an Egg Benedict + bacon which suppised me when arriving. One touch with the knife and the egg started dripping perfectly and the taste combination was memorable. Whenever I return to Philadelphia I will for sure visit again.YUMMY matcha latte and love the focus on sustainability. They had a surprisingly large menu for food, but I got "the Fix" oatmeal (it was good!) If you haven't been, it kinda feels like someone put a trendy coffee shop inside a cabellas or LL Bean, but without the creepy taxidermy. +1000 for allowing dogs too. There was a very cute golden retriever sunbathing while we were enjoying our coffee Sunday.United by Blue's new flagship location in Old City on Race Street is absolutely beautiful. It's a full scale sustainable clothing retailer and cafe. And they really stepped it up to another level in the new shop.
We went last weekend and you walked through the store section towards the back to order. Once you order you take a number and sit at the ample seating in the back. The whole place is lined floor to ceiling with big wide windows right under the Ben Franklin Bridge.
For food, we got two lattes, a redwood sandwich, and a BYO sandwich (w/bacon, egg, cheese, and tomato) on a croissant. Both were so fresh and absolutely stuffed to the brim!
We shopped around a bit later, and all of their clothes are made responsibly and to last. Everything is an outdoorsy style and super cute. The only real negative is that everything is extremely expensive. Even the food was a bit overpriced. But it's great otherwise, and I will be back a lot!I am obsessed with this coffee shop/ cafe/ clothing store. Literally all of my favorite things in one place. The food ingredients are thoughtful and so good. My honey latte was so good I got a second, and the clothes are so cute and outdoorsy- I had to buy something. My fave coffee shop in Philly!I'm a big fan of United By Blue's atmosphere, products, coffee, and environmental cause! I often walk through this part of the city, and I have stopped in several times just because I love the vibe. I end up browsing (and sometimes buying) their clothing and accessories, and have gotten coffee a few times.
As far as clothing:
I was lucky to stop in a few months ago when they were having a giant (warehouse, I think) sale, and I picked up three button down shirts, which are of fantastic quality. I recently bought a t-shirt which was on sale - I really didn't mean to buy it, but as soon as I tried it on, I knew it would probably be one of my favorite articles of clothing because of how soft and nice it was... so I went for it and I'm glad I did.
As far as coffee/food:
I've ordered the cortado a few times, and it is quality, delicious coffee. I have become a bit of a coffee snob since moving to the city, and it didn't disappoint! I've also used the yelp check in to get a free hand-pumped donut and most recently, a gingered plum (I think?) scone - both were yum (their deliciousness was probably augmented by the fact that they were free; regardless, a free yummy pastry is a free yummy pastry). 
Staff are usually friendly enough and help when you ask. There's one staff member who I encountered on my visit last week who was super friendly and welcoming (you're why I'm writing this review)! I urge you stop in and enjoy this little shop if you like excellent quality clothing (of a casual/rugged style), and/or the relaxed coffee shop atmosphere.So I'm a little torn on this place! I would lean towards 3.5 stars, but I love their cause, so they definitely get upgraded for that.
This place is a combo store/coffee shop. I love that it doesn't get super packed on the weekends, so I'll definitely be coming here more often as I can ensure some quality work getting done! 
They have a fantastic business model with a holistic approach that really stresses the importance of sustainable practices. They even have monthly clean ups to remove trash from local areas so kudos to that. They are really making a huge impact on the world, so it is a feel good being able to contribute monetarily, or even by volunteering with them.
Pros:
- Good coffee, good service, nice setup, plenty of room, scallion cream cheese, outlets in the back area, great brand and business model
Cons:
- Selection of food (no breakfast sandwiches, lunch options are limited and only meh at best and considering that, they are definitely overpriced), wifi doesn't work well - tried to connect for 15 minutes and gave up and decided to hotspot
Overall I liked my experience enough to come back. I would definitely eat before arriving, or stepping out for a bite to eat. I also wasn't a huge fan of the hand pumped doughnut, but I did like my everything bagel with scallion cream cheese.I live across the street so I am at United By Blue pretty regularly. The food has always been impressive and the ambiance is very chill. There are always some people working on their laptops. It can get busy on the weekends but I always get a table without a wait.We were staying down the street and stopped in for an afternoon  caramel cappuccino. It was fantastic! I would definitely recommend. On Monday morning, we needed an early breakfast so we stopped in. We both had bacon, egg, cheese sandwiches and two drip coffees. I asked if the their drip coffee was mild roast. I was told that their coffee was mild and smooth. I found the coffee was bold & a little on the bitter side. The sandwiches came with a side of potatoes- and they were lukewarm at best- and disappointing. The sandwich was heavy and stuck with me all morning. :( I would definitely recommend stopping in for the specialty coffees not sure if I would reorder the drip. It is a bit pricey but considering the location, it's expected. Ended up paying a little under $30 with tip. Pretty cool clothing and nick knacks. So stop on by and try something. And let me know what I should order next time.Homophobic cafe clerks made my and my partners experience so uncomfortable we will never return. Even though the food was good this experience was hard to swallow! With so much hate in the world I would expect more from a place named UNITED by BLUE.Great coffee shop! New to the neighborhood and this will be my go-to. Love the clothing, bags, etc. they have for sale as well. Keep up the good work here, guys!Went here on Sunday for a little brunch and latte with almond milk.   Awesome place.  Vegan & vegetarian options, thank you very much!  Had a delicious sandwich with avocado, maple smoked tofu and tomato.  The atmosphere is very open with large windows and nice quality tables and utensils.  Love it.  We need more of this in the neighborhood.  And let's save our oceans - they remove trash from our oceans and waterways, use sustainable materials and local food.  I'll be back.Had the loveliest brunch here on Sunday!  I got the Shepherd Sandwich on an Everything Philly Muffin. If you don't know what a Philly Muffin is, you're missing out! Philly's version of an English Muffin. 
The menu has something for everyone, including several vegetarian and vegan options. My boyfriend got the last of the Bison sausage patties, so come early if you want to try those! 
Staff is super friendly and helpful. The sparkling water on tap (free for customers) was such a treat. Don't forget to check out the cool bathrooms! 
Next time I'm going to BYOB - they provide OJ or house made bloody mix.This location on Race Street is GORGEOUS.  We had a delicious lunch here; our food was fresh and tasty!  I had multigrain toast with an exceptional raspberry jam that they apparently make themselves, along with a cup of their flavorful coffee; and my friend had the hummus sandwich with a chai latte that she loved!  The wood interior is stunning, and the atmosphere is peaceful and calm.  I was very impressed.  This location is brand new and beautiful.  (It's also far less chaotic than their University City location.)This place is really cool. Part clothing store, part cafe / coffee house. For every item you buy in the store, they remove 1 pound of trash from our waterways - such a cool mission!
Their cafe has really great coffee as well as a great selection of pastries (think cronuts, donuts, bagels, muffins, etc etc), breakfast sandwiches (I got one on ciabatta with egg whites and spinach - it was panini pressed and tasted awesome) and normal lunch sandwiches. The vibe inside is also nice, it's calm and relaxing and they have plenty of space inside to sit. Definitely recommend this spot!Great spot. Atmosphere resembles Terrain's setup (eatery/high-end goods shop/coffee bar).
Impressive menu. Lox platter was served with one of the best bagels I've found in Philly. Don't miss this spot.Wide variety of coffee and tea drinks. Simple sandwiches and apparel for purchase. Comfortable seating with street view and comfy vibe in the front.A fun little shop in Old City that's doing something different! Coffee, clothes, camping equipment and candles, all in one spot, and it's all for a good cause. I had a maple spice cortado and my boyfriend got the mocha. The barista happily explained what a cortado is ("a baby latte"), and the maple spice version was a special for the season. It was great and I'm so glad I tried it. For a great Philadelphia-in-the-fall experience, grab a coffee to go, walk across the street (carefully), and check out Elfreth's Alley. Then head over to the Betsy Ross House which is right around the corner, or to any of the other great Old City landmarks.United By Blue moved to its current location in 2018, which really helped this cafe/store step up the game. The new location is bigger, brighter, and fancier, and its kitchen offers a decent menu (e.g. breakfast/brunch items, sandwiches). Its store side is fun to walk around, too. I bought a Klean Kanteen thermo bottle here.
When I lived in Old City, I really enjoy coming here to do some writing. Really like their specialty coffee and professionally made matcha-based drinks. Among all the hipster cafes in Old City, United By Blue's new location still stands out.Great breakfast and brunch food at very reasonable prices compared to other places in the city. Not to mention they are very eco-friendly with a great mission to reduce one use plastic and remove trash from the ocean. The atmosphere inside is very cozy and I've bought a few of their shirts that are very well made/feel durable and high quality. The best oat milk latte in the city IMHO. Love this place!One of my favorite coffee shops in Philly. Great food served on all reusable dish wear. Very COVID responsible with indoor seating!!