Good for a fast, reasonable and fresh meal. Kudos to using paper only recycled materials.I ordered a 24 ounce ribeye. About half of the steak was just fat and not even worth finishing.  My wife had the dry aged Sirloin which was only slightly better. There are a lot better choices for steakhouse in the city of Philadelphia than thisVery nice and disappointing. Tried this new trendy place where a magnificent Restaraunt use to be. The decor is now for a younger more modern customer. Tasteful and sorta comfortable. Caesar salads were fresh, crisp and ok. Sides of Mac and cheese was terrific as were the Brussels sprouts. My friend told me his wild caught stripped bas was great. My experience with my main course was a disaster. The menu says "pork chop bone in". Great I love a pork chop if it's prepared the way I request it. I ask the waiter for his review of the "pork chop", he tells me it's a crowd favorite. So I order it saying that I want it cooked so that there is no pink in the meat, not well done but no pink!  It arrives and I'm disappointed before I try it. It's not a chop but pork short ribs. I have never seen pork served this way before. As I cut, the fat is overpowering the meat, the flesh is undercooked and I almost gag on this hunk of meat. I request that it be cooked more to a medium level. In ten minutes it returns and the next bite is the same as the last. I'm now nauseated and have lost my appetite. The rest of the sprouts were great. We were comped a great chocolate desert and left. I'd return if a friend wanted to go but not my first, second or even my fifth choice.Please come for brunch!! We ordered the farmers egg and the French toast... sooo good! They have a homemade English muffin and it really taste good with the jam. The muffin reminds me of the Pizza Hut dough. So good. The French toast -- very delicious and fluffy, enough to split between two people. We are definitely going to come back for brunch again! We actually came here for Valentine's Day for dinner. Amazingggg,the wagyu beef was phenomenal. Great place for date night and with kids. Very nice staff and great ambianceWas in town for business and Urban Farmer was recommended.  Not a typical red leatherette white tablecloth steakhouse, rather open modern restaurant.  Service was attentive, however the star here is the beef, particularly the dry aged steaks.  My steak was ordered medium rare and unfortunately was delivered medium to medium well.  However, due to the quality of the meat, it still delivered outstanding flavor.  To the restaurant's credit they did offer a replacement steak, but I was enjoying it as it was.  I can say that I will definitely be back on my next visit to the wonderful town of PhiladelphiaAmazing food and service. We stayed at The Logan Hotel and had breakfast at Urban Farmer since they had outdoor seating and we had our puppy with us, although they were technically not open outside they accommodated us and were extremely nice with our children and puppy. The food was beyond fresh and delicious, my daughter had waffles, and my husband and two boys had the farmer eggs everything was superb. Would definitely go there again.The food was absolutely amazing. I came for Saturday brunch, ordered the bone marrow, which is on their dinner menu, and they still let me order it. It was so delicious. The bones were full of meat and the bread was made perfect. They added a sauce to it, that made the flavor so enhanced. The fresh rosemary added a great touch. 
Next I ordered the vegetable frittata. I was absolutely blown away. The mushrooms were delightful. They were large and flavored so well. Everything about this dish was so great. The homemade English muffins were like nothing I've ever had before. 
I highly recommend this place. The staff was very attentive and made my experience here great!
Keep it up Urban Farmer!The food was good and beautifully plated. My steak was overcooked, but I didn't want to wait for a new steak. Especially since they never brought out the salad I ordered and the drinks were super slow in coming out (beer on tap). Seemed like the majority of staff had never worked at a restaurant before, much less a high end one. Don't think I'll come back again anytime soon.Amazing service and staff. We were lucky enough to get a full tour of the kitchen, which by the way is incredible. The way they kept the meat fresh was perfect. Everything is so freshly kept and it's spotless. The cocktails were great along with the cheese plate. That guy knew his stuff!
Our waitress was so sweet. Very attentive but not overbearing. I love the atmosphere. It's warm and welcoming. Plenty of different areas to sit. The long wood table in the front is my favorite! So awesome. 
I will definitely spread the word and go back!
Overall, amazing food, amazing drinks and amazing staff!Great food, service and facility.  Had gone for brunch with my husband and servings were generous and delicious. Burgers, French roasts d eggs were good.This is a review strictly for brunch because I can't find anyone who wants to accompany me there to spend upwards for $60 for a steak even for a birthday celebration. I can't blame them! The breakfast is amazing. The crab omelette and potato pancake are out of this world. Good size portions and fresh crab meat . The pancakes are also deliscous and a very healthy serving. One star off because this past visit they didn't have the Bloody Mary bar set up! C'mon guys, that's the main attraction of brunch here. Devin (male)  our waiter hooked it up with his witty sense of humor and the manager on duty sent over an abbreviated version of the Bloody Mary bar so that was a great touch. Thank you! Still, dissapointing though. Let's get the Bloody Mary bar back up and running ! We'll be back to check on it ;)3rd repeat visit and pleased every time! Brian Shana and Adam were a great team and the menu is of course amazing! Rare to find a caviar service in PhillyThis time we stayed as guests at the Logan and this place serves as their room service too.  We went for brunch and the food selections not only read delicious, they are in fact truly delicious!  Everything is just well done here.  From the service, to the atmosphere, to the food presentation/quality itself.  I would say it's kid appropriate (certainly for brunch).  So glad that this place was able to replicate the great experience we had during our first visit over a year ago.Amazing breakfast.  They did a great job putting a modern twist to a basic breakfast.  Great chicken and cherry sausage and the homemade English muffin was a good combination with my fried eggs.  Would definitely recommend.  Harry provided great service and was attentive with good follow up.Horrendous service. We have been sitting here since 6:30PM with our two young children. It took almost 20 minutes for someone to bring us a menu after they said 'be right back with the menu'. Another 20 for someone to get our order and bring one glass of water.i didn't see our waitress for almost one hour after our kids Mac and cheese was brought out. The food was mediocre and dessert was just as bad as the service.Great food, good service but pulled bait and switch on steak. One of the best steaks and mushroom sides I have had. Great lemonade. Service was spot on. However I ordered the flat iron and they brought me a NY strip. Waiter told me about 5 bites in as i was thinking the steak was to thick and tender for flat iron. Offered to comp my lemonade for mistake but no need. Brought bill and I was charged for NY strip (basically +$20). I paided bill and left a good tip as the food was good, just bothered by how their mistake was charged to me. I had the money for anything on menu, just feel I should not have had to pay for something I did not order. Did not argue though just paid and left. Will likely not go back, though good is great.I'm staying at the Logan, so I ate at this steak house. While sitting at the bar, I had to wait a long time get a second drink (on a Wednesday, not busy). I then ordered the NY steak sampler (three different cuts), medium. I got one cut medium, two rare. The "char" on the outside was burnt. So I'm tasting burnt meat with rare meat. The comment made was that it is hard to get different thickness of steaks with the same temperature. My thought is, if you can't do it, don't put it on the menu. Also, the only reason I had a napkin is because I was able to reach the small bar napkins myself. Bad service. Bad steak.This place is a pure gem! Was planning on just a simple drink, but ended up having one of the best food experiences i've had. First, the place is awesomely decorated and very cool, from the retro lighting to the large wood tables and open concept to the kitchen, it was very welcoming. The drinks were perfect, and the staff couldn't have been any friendlier. The appetizers and cheese plate were incredible, and the cheese guy was really interesting. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try a new place in Philly. Also excited that they will have outside seating for spring drinks on the parkway!Overpriced food for crappy service. My husband, my daughter, and I had just gotten into town and were excited to begin our trip in Philadelphia. When we got there everything seemed to be very nice. I realized things were not right when we had to wait over 10 minutes to have bread served to us. Then, I ordered a steak, which was cooked to perfection, but our server did not ask if I would like any sides, so I was just handed a steak on a plate. When my steak arrived, I waited for our server to come by to ask if all was ok, but he never came by. I had to ask another girl to get our waiter so I can ask for some steak sauce. I then waited over 15 minutes for the sauce as my $46 steak got cold, and then I was given what they called their "homemade sauce," which was just A1 mixed with BBQ sauce and tasted disgusting. The manager then came by and asked if everything was ok. I let him know that the food was excellent, but the service was terrible. He said he was going to speak to our server (James) and that he would take care of it and speak to him. Our server never came by to apologize until 10 minutes later, but we clearly saw him attending his other guests very well. Then, we got our bill and realized nothing was compensated or offered to us like a free dessert or perhaps another drink. So, we paid our bill but the server still did not come by. When we got up to leave, the manager came up to us and apologized again, but I let him know that they should've comped something (at least the 2 beers we had) or offered us something, and then he said "oh ok, well, let's talk about it." After being there almost 2 hours, we were really tired of sitting and waiting so we just paid our bill and left. Never again will we go back to this place.I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant and unfortunately it wasn't anything worth being excited for. We started with the cheese and meat plate, which were delicious, but as for the cheese plate, after a wonderful presentation about each cheese, when the plate was delivered nothing was explained as to which one was which and what accompanied it. As for the steaks, for the price it should be flavorful and cooked perfectly. One of our steaks which was requested medium was so rare it was ice cold. All our steaks really wasn't seasoned or had much flavor. Our bill was $450 for four and wish we had spent the money elsewhere for something more satisfying. That being said the place was very nice to hang out for a few drinks.Drinks and food were delicious. The salmon was a tad over cooked but was still tasty. I also had the pleasure to have their breakfast. Their house made chicken sausage is to DIE FOR. The mac and cheese is crazy good too. I love the ambiance as well. The only bummer is I live in Las Vegas! Can't wait to come back.We had breakfast at this restaurant in the lobby of the Logan Hotel. Quality was good and prices were reasonable as city center hotel breakfasts go. We elected not to have dinner as the menu emphasizes steaks but likely the quality of the limited offerings is quite good and the ambiance is attractive.Sunday brunch this morning. First visit here and I will definitely be back next time I'm downtown for brunch! Great service. Very good food. We had the shrimp & grits and eggs Benedict with shaved ham. Highly recommend both dishes. The coffee was tasty and perfect for this chilly morning.Went to Urban Farmer for business lunch. Deviled egg appetizer was delicious but chicken sandwich was rubbery. I would recommend that they slice the chicken thinner. The music was so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation without shouting.A very nice change from what was. Delicious, exceptionally prepared food and service. We will make Urban a must when we visit!We walked in and immediately asked ourselves, are we in the right restaurant? The decor matched a hotel lobby combined with the kitchen of a 3 bedroom house in nowhere USA. The food honestly was outstanding, and they even had a funny guy with a cheese cart the knew his stuff. The menu was essentially the same as Ruth Chris, except everything said farm fead (not even sure what that means). Overall if you want a steak experience go to a real steakhouse while this place finishes its identity crisis.It's almost impossible to put into words the level of satisfaction I felt after dining at Urban Farmer. Out of town and in Philly for the night, my friends and I had a craving for a good steak. What we got was so far beyond good; it tops the list of best meal experiences we have ever had. 
The atmosphere, the drinks, the menu--it all exceeds everything you could ever hope for in a dining experience, with food so good it will anger you because you know at that point nothing else could ever be as good as what you just ate.
Of course, I couldn't say any of this if it wasn't for the incredible service we had. Bill is the server every other server should aspire to be. We took every recommendation he served up, and could not have been more pleased. His warm disposition and professionalism made us want to stay and chat with him all night. There's no doubt our experience would have been this incredible if we didn't have Bill. 
Bill and Urban Farmer, thank you for the euphoric meat sweats, and unforgettable experience!Wow! We came for brunch on a Sunday at noon and didn't have to wait for a table. The service was excellent, and the menu extensive. The duck hash, vegetable frittata & seasonal fruit was delicious! The pancakes were good, but very sweet. We sat at a high top next to the window & enjoyed our view of the parkway. We will definitely come back!I was so excited to try the food here but ultimately was left disappointed. The ambience was spectacular and the service was good. Unfortunately, the star of the show (steak) was not. The appetizers we had were the ceaser salad (totally bland), potato leek soup (was barely warm), and the wagyu carpaccio which was actually amazing. 
I ordered the grassfed dry aged 18oz NY Strip and what I got was a dry warm steak. I paid a lot of money and expected the best but unfortunately, I continue my quest for a good a steakhouse in Philly. Also they added bacon in my fingerling potatoes when I specifically told them to not have it in the dish. Now you might ask why didn't I ask for the steak or food to be redone? I just don't like doing that. This is my medium to vent and most likely won't come back here unless I'm not paying.
Although the sides and other parts of the meal were good but not amazing, I doubt I would come back. Mediocre at best. Go to Chima down the street.Great atmosphere, decor, and service. I ordered the beef tenderloin chili mac, but that is not an accurate description of the dish. It was basically pasta (which was perfectly cooked) with a roasted red pepper sauce and a few pieces of beef. For some reason there was also a few pieces of broccoli in it too. Nothing in it resembled chili. It was good but not that much better than something I could get at Noodles & Co for about half the cost.Food was superb!  I may never be able to enjoy a steak again because of the steak we had here! If you go, get the steak sampler, you will not regret it. I loved how everyone knew the product, and could tell you everything you ever wanted to know about it. And, don't forget dessert because it was the perfect ending to an amazing night of food, service, and atmosphere!Yesterday my childhood bestie (um, for 45 years) visited from Princeton, NJ.  Off we went to Urban Farmer for lunch.  What a great choice!  The restaurant space is fabulous, so cool and colorful.  The vibe is so modern yet appropriate enough for a business lunch, too.  So, my friend and I each had a glass of wine (the Pinot Noir was great) and we shared the beet salad.  Beautifully presented with gold beets and red beets (pinkish) actually.  It was a very hearty portion, we couldn't finish it.  We could not resist having some charcuterie!  Everything on the charcuterie board was explained to us by the senior restaurant manager.  How attentive.  And then, the burgers, yum!  Melted in my mouth and cooked perfectly medium rare.  I ate the French fries, too.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive without being intrusive.  At some point, the general manager checked on the tables.  I thought our meal was delicious and the atmosphere lively.  I will be returning soon!Urban Farmer is certainly the best in Philly! Have been there for dinner and brunch several times and loved it every single one of them! There corn bread is unbelievable, as is the Field Green Salad as a side to any of the delicious steaks.
For brunch the avocado benedict is to die for- the home made English muffins are out of this world! And if you are in the mood for drinks- the cocktails are amazing- with Farmers 4 being my favorite ever!
I'll be back....I would consider layout of this restaurant very comfortable. The floor contained large tables, large booths, small tables, small booths, couches, high tops, and a bar; the options are endless. 
Setting the pace of the meal is very important. Our waitress and her crew of (a cheese monger, more waiters, and waitresses) were AWESOME! The polite and knowledgeable staff were well trained/confident in their actions. 
   Food and drinks are so very important to life. These two simple entities can make or break a dining experience. NOT TONIGHT!! The food and drink experience was simply excellent. Sparkling or flat water. Apps? Fresh oysters and charcuterie are were my goto on top of the home made corn bread. The wine and spirit list was also kind to the palate. Steak was the choice of the evening.This was the choice due to the fact Urban Farmer has an in-house butcher. I will conclude the food section with talking a little bit about the side dishes and how delicious they were. 
Overall, visit this establishment Eat, Drink, and Be Merry!Was disappointed did not live up to the price food was not good and small portions 
Nice setting missing on most cylindersI visited on a Wednesday while on a business trip. The brioche French toast was meh. The bacon was great, as well as the coffee. The environment is pleasant and nicely decorated. The service was fine. Nothing to write home about. The hostess, though, was a bit too terse for my taste.Enjoyed great meal for dinner and breakfast over two days. Although dinner is pricey, we found food & service to be excellent!I've been to Urban Farmer twice and my only gripe is the service (hence the four out of five stars). My first visit was spent at the bar area where I waited 15 minutes to order a drink! Then another 15 minutes to get a menu. Mind you it was a Tuesday night and they were not busy at all! Maybe I should sit in the middle of the bar as opposed to the side but regardless, patrons should never have to wait that long to be served... Or acknowledged. For my second visit, I decided to take my sister and her husband to dine in. We were seated right away. Awesome. We were offered bread! Hell yes we want bread! You would think the bread would come right away but it didn't. It actually came out with our appetizers.... No big deal though. Our main courses also came shortly after. I can continue to complain about the service but it really wasn't completely terrible. 
Overall, I think the place is amazing! I am also obsessed with the interior design... I seriously could live there! 
So let's talk food. Everything I had was amazing! I ordered the duck and my sister and her hubby ordered the steak sampler to share. We also ordered brussels, mushrooms, butternut squash,  foie gras and bone marrow to share. Out of all the appetizers, I enjoyed the foie gras and marrow the most... but everything was just delicious! If you're a big meat eater, I suggest ordering the steak sampler! Worth the money! For my next visit, I'm going to go for the cheese cart and some dessert!
This is not only a great place for locals to dine, but a place tourists or guests at the Logan Hotel can appreciate. 
Can't wait to go back!Food was fine and not bad prices but the atmosphere was a bit lacking. It's in a hotel and is a huge room which lacks character. The service was knowledgeable and polite though all in all it was quite an average experience. As a visitor I wouldn't rush back as it doesn't really add anything to a trip to Philly but nonetheless the food was tasty.I was pleased with the experience at this restaurant. 
The service was good. Our party of three included a child and they handled his rowdy nature well. 
I ordered a cocktail that was simply divine, I think it was called Art of Fall. It was creamy and grape flavored. 
The food was all very well prepared. 
We started with an appetizer of Lobster which looked artful on the plate and was creative. 
I ordered the Charcuterie and was pleased with the 3 options of meat and bread that came with it. 
We then ordered steak, what else will you order. I had the steak tasting and it was fun to try the three different styles of meat. You could taste the slight differences. It was a large portion of meat. It was cooked spot on. Nothing comes with the meat, no sides or sauces. 
My wife ordered a sirloin that she thought was delicious. 
We also had a side salad that was good and huge. 
My son had the Mac and cheese, he was absolutely thrilled with it and stated it was as good as his favorite place to order it from. 
We then went to a dessert round. 
I ordered a butterscotch sundae, I was slightly disappointed. It needed more ice cream or creamy flavor to balance the portion out. 
My wife had a chocolate hazelnut dessert that was the best of all. 
My son for some reason ordered the bon bons and ended up not eating them. Because they were all dark chocolate and one lemon. 
He loved his tea that came out in a fancy system. 
I would rate the experience as above average, but the prices are very high and I would expect more from the experience with such a costly meal.Over the top deliciousness in a gorgeous sheik atmosphere with friendly waiters and superb service. Fresh ingredients, creatively paired and beautifully presented is a joy to your eyes as well as your pallet.The food, decor, and service are top notch here. The restaurant is open with high ceilings and a modern yet rustic decor. The staff was helpful in answering any questions about the extensive drink and food menu, and provided excellent recommendations. Ordered a variety of appetizers, including the seafood tower and the cheese selection. For dinner I ordered the 21 day dried 1855 beef and my boyfriend ordered the 7x Wagyu beef ribeye and both were absolutely delicious, although I think I may have enjoyed his slightly more.  For sides, we got the pot pie, the candied bacon, and the mac and cheese, all of which were also excellent and very rich. We got a butterscotch brownie for dessert (they have their own pastry chef and chocolatier) which was very sweet and rich. The only reason for the 4 stars is the price- while all of the food was excellent quality, the meat was extremely expensive. Would recommend for a nice night out.Had a 14 ounce new york steak and twiced baked potato tart.  Both food items were really delicious.  Came with wife and son.  They served my 2 yr old first with pizza and fruit, and gave us bernaise sauce with the steak.  
Cant wait to eat here again... not even for the excellent food but for the very accomodating staff.  It was so humid today and they really made us comfortable before we ate and calmed my son and us, and brought us drinks and pizza lightning fast. Check came after we declined dessert, and they give you corn seeds when you leave and my wife liked that too.  Great air conditioning!EXCELLENT Center City Bar, right across the street from the Cathedral Basicilia, great beef tartar, some of the best I have ever had.  Nice atmosphere at the main bar.  Tim, our bar keep was very attentive and very well informed on the offerings.  Mary Ann- Fun and chic atmosphere 
- You just try the bloody Mary's there and add some even more fun to them with the Bloody Mary bar 
- Friendly staff 
- The food had great flavor but my egg was slightly undercooked and I was hoping for a bigger portion of sausage gravy with my mealSO GOOD!! Ate breakfast here both days of our trip. The food was innovative, so fresh and so yummy! Those aren't Thomas' English muffins! Order the crab and mushroom omelet! It was so tasty, with the freshest mushrooms! The drinks were so good too -- one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had!A long awaited night out with friends as we happened to be in Philadelphia from out of town.  Upon arriving at Urban Farmer, you see an eclectic mix of Pennsylvania country furnishings, rustic reclaimed woods with some very high style finishes.  The mix of marble, stone, interesting industrial metal details, a brass lattice and chandeliers made with what looked to be chicken wire made for a very interesting visual backdrop for the evening.  The energetic music was at perfect volume to allow for easy conversation at the table without having to yell or strain to hear.
I understand this restaurant has only been open a short time, but we had a really terrific experience.  The server explained to us that the food is locally sourced from Pennsylvania farmers and ranchers and that everything is prepared from scratch on site.  My husband and I shared the NY Strip steak taster and it was truly delightful and cooked perfectly to temperature.  The meal started with complimentary rolls and corn bread baked in a soup can- these were stand outs.  We ordered sides for the table, a potato tart, Brussel Sprouts, duck fat fries and creamed spinach.  The potato tart is out of this world, mashed potatoes in a pie shell with fingerling potatoes on top, it was my favorite.  The sprouts were roasted and were delightful as well.  I am not a cream spinach fan, but our friends seemed to enjoy it just fine.
The manager (Elon I think) helped us to pick a super good bottle of Cabernet which went so well with our dinner and really made the night.
For dessert, we got the Butterscotch Sundae built atop a blondie.  The blondie was soft and moist and had toffee ice cream and whipped cream on top.  It had such wonderful flavors all combined for a spectacular topping off of our meal.
Special shout out to our service team, Jeff and Henry, they made great recommendations when we needed them, and seemed to be there when we needed help, but didn't intrude on our evening when we didn't need help.  These gents were very friendly and truly professional.
Overall our experience was really great and it was hard to believe that this was newly opened.  The food quality was terrific and the service was timely and friendly.  I would highly recommend giving it a try.A bit pricey if you order wine (the four of us plowed through 2 bottles of prosecco) and then dessert, but the food was fantastic and the waitstaff excellent. We hung out for almost 2 hours and never felt rushed. Lovely modern ambience. Highly recommended.Meh, to start with I don't love steakhouses in general, so I may be a bit harsher due to that.  The whole idea of a big chunk of expensive meat with overpriced mostly standard sides just doesn't compete against restaurants where every dish is creative and stands on its own.
But anyways, hit or miss here at Urban Farmer.  The decor is busy, sort of a modern-country look, which really contrasts with the formality of most steak-houses.  
The cocktail list was described as "crafted," which I guess doesn't mean anything?  However the few we tried were quite good.  There's a cheese cart that is brought around and you're given descriptions of each cheese before the cheese-monger slices off big chunks and prepares your plate right in front of you, which was a nice touch.  Not a bad value either for $6 per selection.
Got the steak sampler, which is 3 six oz portions of different steaks, asked for medium rare but two of them came out medium, the dry-aged was by far the best.  I don't have fine palette for steaks but the other two were similar (grain finished vs corn finished).    
Service was decent overall but somewhat inefficient and confused.  There were a ton of staff walking around who were very attentive and friendly but the operation wasn't as smooth as similar high-end restaurants.
Overall it's a more casual / funky alternative to the many steakhouses near Rittenhouse square, probably not in the very top tier, but fine.  For me though it's tough for Urban Farmer to compete with the many reasonably priced, unique concept restaurants that litter Philadelphia, so maybe it's the steakhouse concept that needs to change.Came for brunch on Sunday and sat outside.
(This review is for the Brunch at UF Philadelphia.)
Avocado Benedict:
The avocado was over ripe and slightly brown. The egg was literally hard boiled on top of the English muffin. It also came with no accompaniments other than a tomato or pepper  paste of some sort. The eggs were entirely unacceptable.
Steak and Eggs:
Mediocre at very best.
Got pieces of sausage on the plate by accident, most likely from another meal.
I ordered ice coffee with almond milk, but the milk I suppose was not shaken and curdled. I asked for another.
Server must've known I was not happy because he never asked how everything was.
Also, had no salt and pepper.
Would definitely not return for brunch.Was hoping for breakfast, but got brunch (breakfast stops at 11). Nonetheless, the shrimp and grits was awesome, and the coffee was fresh. My wife had the farmhouse burger which was tasty, but the bun could've been better toasted; fell apart after a few bites. The service was prompt and friendly. The setting is urban/country chic. The prices were very reasonable.Have been here twice in the last 90 days. Both experiences well exceeded my expectations! Shrimp cocktail and beef carpaccio are incredible starters. 24oz ribeye is to die for- best in the city. I love the vibe here- non pretentious and comfortable yet upscale environment. James was our server both times and he is a very knowledgeable and friendly guy. It helps when the service knows and takes pride in the restaurant! We'll be back again and again.Terrific lunch outing at Urban Farmer Philadelphia! Overall, love the décor*--reminds one of a Jojo Gaines-styled house--especially the thick-cut (butcher-block?) tables. The service was great: friendly and attentive, promptly refilling water (still or sparkling) and seeking out answers to food preparation queries.
The food was quite tasty: a cut above standard bar fare; I'd liken it most to Starr's Dandelion with innovative preparation and pairings. The two standouts of the lunch were (a) the macaroni and cheese, which we ordered on a whim and was spot on: cheesy, but somehow not overly cheesy--light, perhaps also due to the super-crispy bread crumbs; and (b) the butterscotch sundae over a blondie brownie, which tasted lightly of butterscotch, but more of a pleasing caramel, and the blondie brownie was well-baked, not too dense. Other highlights: (i) the burger on homemade English muffin was cooked to order and plenty juicy (definitely messy to consume!); (ii) the French fries were well-seasoned (medium-cut) and had a nice texture (not overly fried); (iii) the salads were all beautifully prepared with attention to dressing and presentation; and (iv) the chocolate peanut butter torte, served with coffee ice cream, was plenty decadent for the chocolate, peanut butter lovers!
Will definitely return!
*One negative note in the décor was the red, neon sign for "Fresh Meat," which if it was a white light or thicker/funkier lettering would look more in tune with the rest of the room, but is otherwise slightly jarring and, while great that they've got a butcher on staff, makes you think of a slaughterhouse, which is less appetizing.I had much higher expectations about this restaurant. The decor and environment were perfect, a new spin on rustic. I loved it. The service was not good at all, everyone was friendly but the drinks came out SO slowly and my table constantly had to ask for their next drink. I asked for stuffed olives and was told the bar ran out and there would be no more for the night. If I'm paying $15 for a martini, I don't expect to hear a lousy excuse. The restaurant has cheese from local farms, they could have made more stuffed olives. I got to try the pork tenderloin, scallops, filet and brussels sprouts...all of it was just okay. The stand out part of the meal was the complementary dinner rolls, corn bread and cheese. I know that this is a new opening but if they want to compete with other high end steak houses in the city, they need huge adjustments.What a wonderful menu. Comfort food but also most delicious salad.  Watched the bartender make fabulous exciting cocktails. After work or other group get together especially good.This is worth giving up your 500 HH points to experience. Just remember to bring cash to cover anything above your voucher. 
We had the duck hash and french toast. Both were exceptional, and I've had tons of french toast. The decor was also pretty.Lovely breakfast at this new spot. The homemade English muffin is the shining star, but the hash brown is also amazing. Veggie frittata has so many different fresh vegetables, it is nice to see more than just spinach and mushrooms like a traditional frittata. Great decor, visually appealing. My one critique is that a drink should be included in the kids meal. We did feel nickel and dimed on a child's milk in addition to his $8 pancake.Stopped by Urban Farmer before checking out at The Logan and had the best brunch ever! I ordered the shaved ham Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the turkey panini with a side of bacon. The eggs on my Benedict were perfectly poached, and the hollandaise was decadent. The ham was tender and flavorful, and the house-made English muffin was to die for. Not only was the food phenomenal, but so was the service! Our server, Harry, even brought my boyfriend an extra side of bacon after seeing the first plate they brought out to him was on the skimpy side. Fresh, quality food, great atmosphere, and A+ service; I wish I could give Urban Farmer 10 stars!Happy hour is usually good but most recently something was off. The Oysters were tasteless, the deviled eggs were bland and the bacon on top of the eggs was cold. Gross. The only thing that was good was the sparkling wine.In freaking credible.  Also extremely costly.  Every single thing I ate here was better then the last.  I went with my roommate and his dad and all of us had the 21 dry aged steak.  We were going to get the 42 but they had been open for only 3 days and had not had any sitting for that long yet.  We also had the double baked potato andthe mac and cheese for sides.  I can say from the second I tasted the food till the second I was done I was in absolute heaven.  The bill for 3 of us was approx $300 with drinks the cheese cart and the the appetizer all incredible good.  What was best yet was that we were given a tour of the kitchen the butchers section and everything they had prepared even the damn meat locker.  It was just  did I mention even better that you were never wanting for a drink of water as literally every other person comes by to fill your water.  Not in an annoying way but in a perfect way.  I can't wait to come back herre again when I get a few dollars in my pocket haha.  Come check it out though I can guarantee it will be an experienced you won't soon forget or want to forget.  Before I forget this place is not super fancy either you don't have to wear a suit in tie or a dress to come in.What an amazing bunch of flavors.  We had coffee and a couple of apps. Deviled eggs and the shrimp were both amazing. A must haveThe Yelp reviews had us at 'Bloody Mary Bar' and homemade English Muffins.  And the experience we had certainly lived up to our expectations.
Friendly, attentive service.
Delish food. HUGE portions. 
Setting - airy and spacious. Felt a little like eating in a furniture store - in a good way.My wife and I tried this place for brunch while visiting Philly.  It was my turn to pick out restaurants for the trip and I stumbled upon Urban Farmer.  I booked a reservation through Open Table (get those points) and had no problems.  
Upon arrival we were greeted but some very friendly staff and only had to wait a few minutes for our table.  Once seated we had to look around for the few minutes cause the place is large and open with very cool decor.  I knew my wife would like it just for r decor and I was right.  Seating is spread out in different ways.  Tables, booths, couches, etc.  The kitchen is large and open as well and adds to the overall size of the restaurant.  
Next was ordering, and there was plenty to choose from.  My wife had a Bloody Mary and I had an OJ.  As for food we couldn't make up our minds but settled on the Short Rib Hash which was insane and my wife had the Steak and Eggs.  They also have these English Muffins made there that will blow your tiny ones from the store out of the water (check pics attached to my review).  
The food was delicious and stood up to the hype of the place.  We obviously finished it all and was very content. It was the perfect brunch.  
As for prices it wasn't anything to crazy but more then your everyday breakfast location.  Average cost was $15-$22 per meal.  
I highly recommend Urban Farmer if you live in Philly or visiting.  You will NOT go wrong.  Let me know what you thought of it and enjoy.Really enjoyed this place! The mac & cheese, cornbread and Scallops were perfect! The service was amazing & everyone helped each other, even the manager. Nothing worse than witnessing the boss be a jerk to the staff! I've seen it happen too many times & I never return to those places! It's pretty pricey & slower pace but it's worth it!Hands down one of my favorite steakhouses in the city. We went for our 7 year wedding anniversary which they asked ahead of time when making the reservation. When we arrived we were seated and handed an anniversary card and complimentary glasses of champagne. Just the thoughtfulness right there means a lot. For starters we got this delicious homemade butter, cornbread and rolls.  Then as an appetizer we got 3 cheeses and 3 charcuterie it was ok. Then the main course was our steak... melt in your mouth , flavorful 8oz Joyce Farms, North Carolina, grass fed tenderloin.  I have never tasted a better steak and we have eaten at ever steak house in the city from Barclay prime to del friscos and everything in between this steak was the BEST. For side we got the asparagus and Mac and cheese which were also very delicious.  We were so stuffed we did not get dessert, but I would highly recommend this place and am looking forward to our next visit!Incredible and delectable.  This did not disappoint.  Finally a steakhouse with a totally new approach.  Beautiful and new use of the old former Four Seasons space.  Bravo.To begin it is important that you know this review is primarily related to incredibly poor service (rather than the food itself). My aunt and I came here for lunch last week. We are people who eat "high end" meals out on a regular basis and came prepared and willing to spend on a great meal. However, that was not the case. We ordered two soups, Mac and cheese, a chicken sandwich with a side salad and a burger with a side salad . One would think this is an easy order. It is important to note that we both added avocado to our sandwiches.  The entire wait staff is sub par for high end dining facility and is primarily made up of "hipsters" who could care less. I , myself, am a 23 year old law student. While ordered our waiter did not understand anything we ordered and tried to argue we could not have salads as our sides when the menu explicitly stated it was an option. Besides a clearly confused face our waiter made no attempt to clarify our order which resulted in him staring at me while I repeated it four times hoping for a response. We sat with empty water glasses despite asking for water and ordering drinks. We were seated near the computers where 4 other waiters were congregated , all of which I gestured at 5-7 times. None of them offered to assist or find our waiter and instead avoided eye contact. Once our waiter finally returned we asked for bread with our soup , to which he replied it was unhealthy to have bread with sandwiches. It was completely disrespectful and after a lengthy argument with my aunt he agreed to bring bread. 25 minutes later our food arrives with the without salad sides , no avocado, and still no bread . When we point out our waiter's error he ignores us and walks away. We sit for 10 minutes with no return and spot the female manager (we think) , we inform her and she doesn't apologize but says okay. We wait an additional ten minutes and are finally brought bread and one slice of avocado . We then wait again for salad , one of which never came. Neither our waiter  or the manager apologized in any capacity. For a lunch costing nearly $100 before tip, the food was mediocre and the staff atrocious . There are many other fine dining lunch places in the city that won't judge your eating habits and will treat you much better. Skip it , trust me.Had the great 21 day aged 18oz ny strip.  Perfect crust on the steak which goes perfect with the moist red meat inside, and it was properly and rested before serving. Also worth noting that it was a good clean cut. Beef is pricey but they delivered on quality. Good variety of ages and feeds for each cut.
Staff was knowledgeable and were polite/professional.
Overall I like what they've done with the renovation/space.  The patio area is great for the parkway and all of the spaces are very open and comfortable.  
I've eaten here twice for lunch as well, really good beef tartare and popcorn grits with shrimp and pulled pork.Colleen and Tim are amazing behind the bar (dream team!), and Ehmo (sp.? "Ehh-mo", not Eeeemo) is a worthy helping hand... though he is advancing fast. I stay at the Logan every couple of months working long hours, so I don't have much of an option to wander elsewhere for food or drinks. The team, as well as the food, at Urban Farmer provide wonderful relief from a long, demanding day. I also have yet to order a dish that I was not pleasantly surprised and satisfied with. 
Some honorable mentions (mainly based on staffing/ timing/ stations) are Isaac, Grant, Aaron, and Chef Seth. Though... I have a horrible memory and am probably forgetting a few others. Thank y'all for your excellent service and for providing some balance to the long work weekends. :)
Will be back soon.Wow! Loved the yogurt parfait as well as the burger. Server was extremely friendly. Atmosphere was open and fresh.Was in Philly for a business conference and wanted to take a prospect to dinner.  Stumbled upon Urban Farmer, a short walk from our hotel.  Let me tell you that this restaurant should be the baseline for Dallas or Chicago. Who would ever think you would find a 5 star culinary farm to market eating establishment in downtown Philly.  Do not miss eating here while visiting Philly.  It's worth every penny.  Unbelievable drinks, wine list, seafood and steaks!  5 stars in my book.  Great job Urban Farmer!After deciding not to have brunch at the Reading Terminal, we walked the streets of Philadelphia until we came upon the Urban Farmer and boy was I glad. Ordered the white bean soup which was bursting with flavor and a triangle of grilled cheese! Next came the eggs Benedict over avocado which was delicious. (I was disappointed that they poured the hollandaise sauce over the dish despite my having asked for it on the side so I can dip but it was still a taste treat.) I also ordered the side crisp potato which is like a thick, fried potato patty. The decor is also lovely with comfortable seating and a lovely bathroom with pictures of three actors from silent films. I recognized Adolph Menjou but still trying to remember the other two.I was staying at the Logan last month while in town for the Coldplay show. I visited Urban Farmer for lunch before taking an Uber to the show. Their lunch menu was pretty simple, but everything I tasted was done so well. The BLT Chicken Sandwich with Avocado was huge and I can say I did not leave even a piece at the end. The cocktails I tried were delicious and well prepared. I have to say that I am happy I chose the dessert that I did. If I left without trying their dessert it would have been a disappointment. I had their Berry Pot Pie with Pistachio ice cream. The berry compote was warm as was the pie crust. Pistachio ice cream is my favorite and this was the good stuff! The waiter I had during lunch time was very attentive, knowledgeable, and offered great conversation while I was dining on my own here. I liked this place so much that I came the next day to have some bar bites and beer before going to the airport. Next time I am in Philly I will come back to Urban Farmer Philadelphia.Excellent, excellent, and more excellence! Thoroughly enjoyed everything we tried, all recommendations of Devin, our outstanding server who provided great conversation along with the kind of service we've come to miss. We've found our new Philly hotel based on this restaurant experience!Looking to drop at least a C-note on a mouth watering dinner? This is the place to go. No, but in all seriousness this place is expensive but earns every cent.
Let's start out with the bread and cornbread they serve you with butter and sea salt. Yes please. They bring the cornbread out in a can and squeeze it out of the can for you. They also relentlessly re-fill your water which is necessary as you lose so much liquid drooling at the smells and sights of food going by you. 
They have a nice selection of local beer on draft and some nifty cocktail selections as well. Their field greens salad is also tasty.
But - the thing you've all been waiting for, and the dish I wish I could every night for the rest of my life was the 18 oz Wagyu beef ribeye.  Holy cow. Literally holy cow. Hands down the best steak I've had in my life. Grilled to medium rare perfection with a nice crunch to the outside. Split this with a loved one and they will never leave you. It's that good. 
We also had dessert and cappuccinos.  Philadelphia cheese cake with black currant sauce and raspberry sorbet. Delicious. I opted for the chocolate hazelnut crunch. Also delicious but very rich. I would highly recommend splitting it. 
Overall, location is great, food is unbelievably Amazing, drinks were on point, and service is prompt and fantastic. It is worth taking the trip back to Philly just to eat here again.The food was delicious. The only reason I'm giving the restaurant a 2 star is because of the bad service. We were seated outside and ordered our food immediately. 30 minutes later we got our soup which was cold and I mentioned that to the waitress and she said she'll check with the chef but never got back to me. We got our salad and then the bread basket was brought out before our main dish which was weird/late. I would have liked to have some bread with my soup/salad. Our waitress was nowhere to be seen through out the meal, and I had to go inside twice to call her.Delicious breakfast this morning!  Steak done perfectly medium rare and eggs were perked up by the sausage gravy. Definitely would recommend this place.Service, starting with the hostess stand for breakfast this am was poor! Restaurant had plenty of open tables yet the phone was more important than 3 guests waiting for tables. Took me 8 min to be seated in an half empty restaurant on a slow Saturday am! After being seated, I waited for over 5 minutes for a server to show up, all the while the hostess could see my frustration, but again a phone call was more important. I finally gave up and walked away from my free hotel coupon breakfast as this is a Hilton property as well! 
In fairness, I did have 2 nice breakfasts and a lunch and for those I would give them 4.5 stars but the last morning, maybe because it was a Saturday, the service was non-existent!We had the pleasure of staying at The Logan this past weekend and eating at Urban Farmer. Our meal did not disappoint! 
Our night started with a cocktail at the bar. Happy hour drink prices and selections were top notch. Lively atmosphere with comfortable decor. 
Jeff, our server, took excellent care of us. He made fantastic suggestions including having Steve, the cheese guy stop over and introduce us to the local offerings. Steve was definitely passionate about his craft, and it showed with his approach and demonstration. 
Jeff had suggested I get the porterhouse as it was his favorite. I tend to lean towards suggestions from my server as if they were in my shoes selecting from the menu. My other half had the tenderloin who doesn't eat meat too often, and was overjoyed with the flavor and perfect temperature. We also had the Brussels sprouts and famous fingerling potato tart. Both, again, fantastic 
We had a great last meal in Philly, and look forward to returning soon.Urban Farmer is tremendous! The ambiance is beautiful and inviting. The service was spectacular. We had Jen, who was super helpful and on point the whole night. 
I took my Dad here for his birthday. The cocktails started it off right! I got their take on an old fashion, forget the name, but it was delicious. 
For Dinner my dad got the filet, and I got the 1855 ribeye. One of the best ribeye's I've ever had!! We shared two sides: whipped potatoes, and asparagus. Both were awesome. We sampled some of the cheese, which we enjoyed. After dinner we grabbed a drink on the rooftop bar. Great views of the city. The rooftop bar is different ownership, but in the same building. Made for a great night!