Stepping into this place feels like being transported to another land, and for that reason I like it. It may be called Uzbekistan, but it seems like the waitresses are all Russian. From a non-Russian perspective, the service was not intimidating as it tends to be in Russian restaurants. In fact, it was rather on the nice side, though a bit inattentive (in proper Russian fashion, I suppose). 
The Russian potato salad (Olivie) was nice and creamy with a good mix of vegetables. The lagman noodle soup was good as well, with a rich, earthy, almost gamey taste (probably from the lamb) and tender chunks of meat floating among hand-drawn noodles. Sadly, they were out of the plov so we tried the stroganoff, which came with sides of mashed potatoes and thinly-julienned garlicky carrots. The stroganoff wasn't bad, but not spectacular either. The bread they serve here is amazing though, warm and chewy with a great crust. And the kebabs were tasty as well: the chicken was delicious and juicy, but the skirt steak was just a tad too tough and well-done (the steak kebabs are much better but the chicken kebabs are comparable at Shish Kebab Palace). The Chilean sea bass kebab was perfectly tender and delicious. They come out to about $1.50 per cube, but hey, it's an expensive fish. The lamb ribs were also tasty, but quite small and not very meaty. I guess it's more of a flavor experience. Maybe the lamb chops are a better choice, or just regular lamb kebabs. 
The only slightly annoying thing about this place was that they somewhat sneakily charged us an extra 10% for service, but nowhere does it state (nor did they mention to us) that a 10% tip was already included. So it made for some confusion and at first we were unsure if there was some error, and then we were unsure how much tip we should leave on top of that. So if you do come here, be sure to check your bill at the end. Also, Uzbekistan is quite a trek from Philly, so I probably won't be coming back with any regularity.My husband is from Tajikistan, one of Uzbekistan's neighboring -stans. He took one look at the menu and announced that we were going!
When we arrived, we discovered that the back parking lot was packed and about 90% of our fellow patrons were speaking Russian, so we were immediately optimistic, and Uzbekistan did not disappoint. 
It was really hard to order - so many beloved foods on the menu, and at such reasonable prices! We eventually decided on:
* Lepyoshka (bread), which was piping hot, crusty on the outside, and soft inside. My husband was in heaven - residential ovens in America simply cannot mimic the delicious breads that emerge from the family tandoor back home.
* "Korean" carrot salad, which as far as I know is not actually Korean, but is delicious. I hate raw carrots and I can't get enough of this salad, that is how good it is.
* Ukrainian borsch. The best borsch I have ever eaten was made for one of my college Russian classes by our Ukrainian professor. Uzbekistan's did not top - or even equal - his, but it was delicious and authentic.
* Goluptsi, or stuffed cabbage, a favorite of our kids. I prefer it with ground beef, rather than chicken, but it was tasty anyway.
* Pilov Samarkand - my husband has been craving plov since moving to the Philly area because I've never got the hang of cooking it and he doesn't have time. This was a very authentic and delicious Central Asian pilaf, very similar to what his mom and sisters-in-law cook, with the extra bonus of being lamb (they usually use beef, because it's cheaper.)
* Lamb shish kebab - not as tender as my husband's but very tasty
* Lamb rib kebab - super rich due to the fat content
* Lula kebab - a blend of ground lamb and beef, also rich and delicious
To add to the fun, we were seated in the garden and there was a large party nearby with live folk music (Russian, Irish, and something else). It was a great evening and we look forward to many more!Worst experience ever. If you have so many customers, perhaps hire more servers. People were getting wrong orders. Servers are getting maaf arrey each other.. no coordination at all.I love this place! The food is incredibly delicious, I can't think of a single dish that I've had there that I did not absolutely love. Service is really good, the outdoor sitting area has been expanded recently, and is a nice place to enjoy the weather and the food. 
The restaurant caters if the order is over $100.I live two minutes from this restaurant and have passed it for years. It has now become a regular spot. The food is absolutely amazing. Do not be intimidated, there is something for everybody. I love the rice, all skewers, borscht, salads, bread, literally everything. Carrot salad is also a favorite, and i love the beef stroganoff and stuffed cabbage as well. Food is relatively inexpensive, and it's quality. Be warned, service is very slow. Go here,you won't regret it!The food is great, and it reminded me about my home city Samarkand. If I m back in Philadelphia I m definitely stopping by. Their home made flat non ( leposhki ) is the best. Only one thing they can do is not to mix beef and lamb in so many dishes, some people who doesn't eat lamb they can't try the dish. Aslo i wish they served  beer in the restaurant. Overall its a good family restaurant.I was a little hesitant to come here, because I wasn't sure if I would like the food.  I'm so glad that I did come because it was soooooo good!  The service was good, and servers were friendly. My husband and I ordered a variety of different things, and everything was excellent. The vareniki with potatoes, manti, and samsa were soooooo good! My husband also got a few kabobs that were excellent.If you're in the mood for something out of the ordinary this is the place to go. Arthur and his team offer a warm and inviting place to have a meal with family and friends. The best advice I can give is to bring a six pack or a bottle of wine and just choose at random from the menu. I have had over the last few years everything on it and the food is phenomenal. Arthur also always has something special cooking that's off the menu too.My most recent trip to this business was this past Sunday for a birthday celebration and it was great!  Before the actual review, a little background first. Interesting to note that many years ago, the building was an actual home!  I would estimate that the building itself is easily over 100 years old.  Also, this is not the first restaurant at this location; many years ago, it was a Spanish restaurant named "La Paella Tio Pepe".  Once the owner decided to retire, it became "Valentino's" for a brief time, until that closed.  Uzbekistan, which was actually across the street, decided to relocate to where they currently are and the rest is history.
I think the actual fact that you are walking into what was once a home adds to the comfort and pleasantness of this place.  There is not too much seating inside, so when it is warm outside, you will find lots of tables set up in the patio courtyard in front of the restaurant where patrons eat and drink heartily, and share many laughs, conversations, and toasts at this BYOB establishment.  Additional seating is available in a tent-enclosed and heated space directly behind the restaurant.  
In terms of the service, our particular waitress was extremely gracious and handled our party with aplomb.  We ordered items such as salads (Greek Salad, Achik-Chuk), Shashlik, Potatoes, Pelmeni, bread (Tandoori), and of course the Lagman soup, which is a meal unto itself.  Needless to say, we were all satisfied by the food and its execution which made for a very pleasant evening.  
The majority of people who eat here are repeat customers!! :)I lovee this place, the hot bread, salads, borsht, the kabobs, the compote, the potatoes. Followed by delectable desserts accompanied by their signature black tea. Everything here is absolutely amazing. Byob, I really enjoy dining el fresco on their front patio with my friends and family.
Only gave 4 stars because the parking lot is so bad. It is large but covered in gravel and in desperate need of paving.I LOVE this place. A friend and I walked into this place a few years ago. I grabbed a menu at the door and was immediately intimidated because it was in Russian so we turned around and started to walk out. All of a sudden we heard someone call out and ask why we were leaving. I kind of laughed a bit nervously and explained I wouldn't have the first clue what to order. He said don't worry, come. So we sat down and dish after dish of AMAZING food came out. After we had bread, soup, kabobs, potatoes, salads....I thought wow! This is amazing I'm so full! To my surprise, the main course came out! We were scared thinking wow this bill is gonna be huge. We ate and waited for the bill. I could not believe my eyes when I saw it. The food was not only amazing, but everything was reasonably priced. Needless to say, I've taken my family, my friends, everyone to this place. You won't be disappointed! 
Btw, turns out the "guy" who called us back was the owner! I really appreciate that he took a second to call us back and help us have a really nice evening and experience all that Uzbeki food has to offer. :)Good Russian/Uzbek food, although I highly recommend you make reservations, especially if you show up on a weekend. It is definitely a popular spot among the Russian/Uzbek community and we were fortunate to be given a table at the hour we showed up. The service was okay, probably a personal feeling because we weren't from the Uzbek community and didn't make reservations, but the food more than made up for the service. 
We had the Lagman Soup, Pilov Samarkand (Fried Rice), Chicken Kebab, Fried Chicken Ravioli, Tandoori Bread and Baklava. They all tasted great and the price was very fair for the portions we received.The service sucks and food is very oily and wasn't fresh . Was looking to eat homemade Russian food which I grew up with but this was not it definitely don't recommend it ! Yes the waitress to make sure that the shish kebab was well done because I am pregnant she brought me a raw chicken pretty much. On  top of that offered us a salad and bread not telling me that it's going to be an extra $25 on my bill and when I got the bill it was shocking so why would you offer me bread and salad and I told Me that it cost extra moneyDefinitely the best Russian restaurant in PA at the moment. Really great food and nice place. 
The only one minus is that it's ALWAYS overcrowded so you have to reserve place before you go there or you'll eat at pavilion at backyard.Went with a party of 8 and tried various food and plates and not one dish was disappointing. BYOB was great and the combination of meat, picked vegetables and side dishes were amazing! For the size of the party, the food came out quicker than expected and there's not one dish I would not recommend. For authentic Uzbek food, this place is a must.I liked it.  I love about the Philly area is that it's BYOB in most places and they dont even charge a corkage fee.  Nice to know my uncle was driving around town with a huge bottle of riesling in his trunk. heehee
This place is small.  The place looks big on the outside but im thinking the kitchen took up most of the space.  It does have a bar and outside patio dining.  Make sure you call in advance and reserve a table---that place is straight up hopping even on a night when the Eagles are playing on the Saints home turf.  That doesnt really matter because the whole time we were there, the TV screens were locked on the Russian version of Paris By Night.  I wanted to ask if they would consider switching it to the game but the men at our table said no.  
I love the seabass shish kabob---you know seabass aint cheap but it was reasonably priced portion on a stick complete with grilled onions and bell peppers.  So yums.  Also ordered the cheburek; a fried meat turnover, that sucker was bigger and better than the meatpies we have here in town.  Reasonable price too. I love the flakiness of the crust, awesomeness, it wasnt thick crust.  It came out piping hot.  That reminds me, they bring out this hot bread with butter that fills you up so take it easy if you fill up easy on carbs.
At the table, there is a type of salsa and of course some cream that they put in cups with spoons so you can ladle as much as you want into your soups or other dishes.  Very carby food--uncle at the straganoff which had mash potatoes and carrots.  
Overall, I would definitely be back there again. Oh! How could I forget the dessert---napoleon, thank god i didnt get the honey cake because it sounds sweet.  Baklava was on the menu and i was like "definitely no."  
Ill be back!The best kababs in town! Rest of the central Asian dishes are great too... Rice pilaf, Uzbek bread. When we lived in Philly, we frequented this place. So whenever we visit our relatives in PA, we make it our custom to eat here!Been there at least 50 times took many many people over the years walked in with another couple with never been there got seated in a really nice table this other clearly Russian couple came in demanded our table and they had a us move but since it it just occurred we didn't really care so we moved well this was this other couples first time there and the food was some was good some was terrible and we told them that the stuff cabbage was really terrible we sent most of the back at the end of the day and you know what they charged us for it anyway we tell them we don't take onions raw onions on any plates that came out with raw onions we send them back okay this other couple they wanted a potato pierogies absolutely no Spice in the potato whatsoever and of course we also told them that I didn't appreciate being bumped it's a 4-person table you took us out for these two people at least without  or even this couple saying thank you so needless to say after all these years going there since they opened we're not going backExcellent food all around. Never been here before but came because of the reviews and was not disappointed. Eggplant appetizer is unbelievable and the stuffed cabbage was delicious . Their lemonade is not lemonade more like soda. Highly recommended and make reservations even mid week. The staff seem very attentive!I have had this place on my list of places to try for some time. My 8 year old son agreed to go with me. We have a tradition of eating out together on days he has off from school. 
So we made our way to this place and entered a little haven of Uzbekistan. The place was dark and we were the first for lunch. We were given menus and our drinks were ordered. 
My son was not certain what to think, so I steered him in some directions he may like. 
He ordered a chicken soup with meatball. It was a strongly flavored vegetable broth. Tasting of cabbage and other vegetables. It came with two large balls of meat and a piece of chicken still on the bone, It was a large bowl. 
We also ordered the tandori bread and this was a plate sized piece of bread that was more than we could handle. It was delicious and warm. 
I ordered two items to be sure I had more ethnic food for the table. 
I ordered a small dumpling with cherry inside, blackberry jam and sour cream. This was tart and sweet. The dumplings were bite sized. A large full plate came out with these. 
I also ordered a "Manti" a meat stuffed dumpling that was flavorful. It was slightly greasy, but delicious. It had a South Asian flavor to it, maybe cummin? I do not know. But, I was reminded of flavors when I traveled in South Asia. 
So the place is small in size and kind of quirky. They had a foreign TV station playing in all corners of the restaurant. My son was taken by it. All I could gather is some kind of talent show or something like that. Lots of singing and people dressed in weird costumes. It made the lunch interesting. 
We were the only people in the restaurant speaking English as well. So, you know that this food has to be authentic. The restaurant became busy shortly after we arrived. Many appeared to be regulars as well. 
I would recommend this as an ethnic gem.The best thing about this restaurant is the fresh warm bread they bring out in the beginning.  Unfortunately everything else was sub-par.  The soups were bland, the salads barely had any dressing on them, and the lamb was nicely burned.  I did enjoy the dessert and i can say the waitresses worked very hard and were super sweet.  Unfortunately, I can not say the food was anything great.We go to this place with my family at least 10 times a year and have a great time, went today with my mom and sister, were sat and then ignored for 25 minutes, no hello, water anything. We tried to flag down a server and the room was only 1/4 occupied and just one larger table that was already served outside.  We decided to leave after we couldn't get any service, it sucks because I really like this place but my mom will never come again.Food was fantastic, unique and reasonably priced.  It's a little off the beaten path but well worth the drive if you want a little bit different experience.  It was my second time here and it was just as good as the first.  Came once for dinner and once for lunch.  Both fantastic!  Even made a believer out of my husband who is not always easy to please.  Recommend beef stroganoff, lamb skewers, cheburek, borsch and even the tea was an unexpected flavorful experience with candied walnuts.  Don't miss this place!  (Service was a little slow but you won't even care once you get your food!). We ordered 6 items and the whole lunch bill was $39 + tip.hoh g othe of the hoIt is a neighborhood gem.  Tasty food reasonable price and very traditional Uzbekistan food.  Eggplant salad and dumpling are really highlighted dishes . BYOB is a huge plus for local people.  One star off is that those waitresses are less attending possible because their English are relatively limited and their check is already added 10% tip.  Overall a great place to enjoy home cooking of middle Asia.You know a restaurant is legit when you come across many natives. The Pilaf Samarkand is absolutely wonderful and other than a couple unfortunate sittings (small portion+undercooked and obviously stale, old rice) ... It has truly been on point. Be sure to order some kebabs while you are it because who doesn't love chicken/meat grilled to perfection? The prices are very affordable and the portions size will leave you content and stuffed. 
I would love to try one of the soups and a couple of the appetizers next time around. Probably a good idea since the choices on the menu are more of a hit than a miss.I really want to hate this place. The service is terrible & the owner is rude but the food is too good to dismiss it altogether. Their new location is much better with more seating which includes outdoors. The inside tables they have mostly kept for large parties and they have enclosed the outside porch so they can heat it and seat there year round. 
The star of their food is the lamb and chicken shish kabob (shaslik). Fresh, well marinaded, and not dried out. Their samsa (samosa) is also very good, not too fatty, but a nice balance of the lamb/beef meat mix, onions and fat all baked in a sesame roll. They serve fresh leproshka bread as well. I would also recommend the house compote (fruit juice) drink. They make it fresh and it has the right balance of sweet and tart and is very refreshing on a hot summer evening. Like I said there isn't much I can complain about in regard to the food especially for the price.HOLY MOLY THIS PLACE IS SO FUN AND DELICIOUS!!!!!! Try all the salads and the meat sticks and the dumplings and the tandoori bread. Everything is so good. The best part is the people you will find eating around you. They were huge groups of people sitting around tables in the tent an inside dining FOR HOURS. Each table had SEVERAL whole bottles of top shelf liquor they BYOB'ed. And the whole group kept getting up to go smoke cigarettes, leaving the table, and then coming back all at once to keep enjoying their meal. 
BRING A GROUP AND BRING A LOT OF LIQUOR. I can't wait to go back and float into a delicious vodka and lamb fueled ecstasy.On Black Friday we drove to Phila and one reason was to go waaaay up here in the far Northeast because of family ties to the country of Uzbekistan (brother serving there with State Department). We sort of invaded a restaurant that was almost entirely set up for a massive private party and yet we were seated, served and well-fed on short notice. Bread was outrageous, plov better than we had at another Uzbek place in Maryland that's kind of mediocre, and the meats were excellent, also. Want to come back when we can sit outside and BYOB. (Some of the guests at that party were extremely well-dressed; this is not a place to come looking like you started to go out for pizza and just happened to change your mind...)I wish someone would have told me how amazing Uzbek food was. The foods served at Chaikhana were truly gourmet, and of good quality. If only I would have known earlier...
My husband & I ordered to share: 1) Ukrainian Borscht, 2) Lagman, 3)Manti, 4) Beef & Lamb Kebab, 5) Uzbeki Bread. My husband loved the borscht so much, and so did I. It was delicious! Lagman was interesting but not my most favorite, and reminded me of an Asian noodle soup. Manti was an Uzbek version of steamed dumplings w/ a twist (w/ sour cream dipping) - tasty but not my most favorite. Beef & Lamb kebabs are to die for! The most juiciest, savory kebabs I have ever eaten. And that uzbeki bread - WOOOOW! Please do order that wonderful bread w/ your soup. 
Service was wonderful. Our waitress was very attentive, and friendly. It was delicious, and if I ever decide to travel to Pennsylvania again in the near future, I would come back here for the borscht, bread, and kebabs! Highly recommended!Great food with exceptional service!  Bonus points that it's a BYOB!Oh, Uzbekistan, I never knew a restaurant could be both bewildering and enchanting!
As the service is slow, take it easy on the sugary kompot and play "Mystery Science Theater" with the absurd Eastern European television programs silently glowing in the background.
The kebabs and palov were delightful, but take warning, eating too much meat here may induce feelings of blurry drunkenness.Uzbekistan never disappoints me. The borscht is out of this world. Service is excellent. The seating and atmosphere is impressive. Now the parking lot is partially paved. I love the kebobs, potatoes, salads and bread. The black tea and compote. Everything is delicious. Bring your appetite!We visited Uzbekistan during my brother Jesse's Bachelor party weekend in Philadelphia. I had been once before a few years ago and had to go back.  The outside area was closed on a Thursday so we ate inside.  The dinning room is quaint but welcoming.  It is BYOB so we brought our trusty bottle of Vodka with us and had a seat.  My dad was a little uneasy because he had never brought a bottle of liquor into restaurant.  It was not a problem at all.  The server brought us sipping glasses and we drove on.  We ordered the bread, (2) achicka chuck salads, homemade potatoes and shish-kebabs (chicken, lamb, lamb rib, beef).  Everything was sooooo good.  I live in Richmond, VA now and am kinda glad this place isn't near me because I can't stop eating it. The loaf of bread was large puffy and had a great crust.  It paired with the tomato and onion salad.  Jesse and Dad loved everything but especially enjoyed the chicken kebab.  Myself, I preferred the lamb and lamb rib kebab.  I can't say enough good things about the food other than it just "perfect".  The place was packed on our arrival and we had about a 15 minute wait.  This was not a problem, we stood at the bar area but the hostess /waitresses who sat us did not make us feel very welcome.  No smile and seemed a little bothered.  Our waitress during the meal was a little better but not what I would call friendly.  Regardless, we came to eat and the food was excellent so I'm overlooking the service and chaulking it up to "Cultural Differences"
Food: 5 Star
Service: 3:0 Star
Ambiance: 4.0 StarI went there for a birthday dinner a couple months ago and it's not fancy at all but has great service and amazing food at a really affordable price. Plenty of vegetarian options as well as a delicious lamb plate! Highly recommend!!Service still sucks!!!!!!  Waitresses are beyond clueless. Food is ok.. The beef stroganoff is different every time I go in. No consistency what so ever except for the crappy service and long wait time.First time in the area. It was very good. All of the dishes were so flavorful, and authentic. The service was attentive, and knowledgeable. The value for the servings is very generous. I can't wait to return to try so many more things! .Food was amazing. I'm on a limited diet so I only had the tomato onion salad, & 2 kebabs, lamb & salmon. Delish. The sauce they give you with the lamb is so good, I took extra home & have been pouring it on everything! Can't wait to return with my husband. It's a 40 min drive & totally worth it. 
Also, I fell in love as soon as I walked in. It is like every typical eatery in Germany or Bavaria. It is just so perfect I was instantly transported to a lifetime ago when I traveled Europe extensively. Love love love. 
Do not go there in a hurry. I suspect it's a scratch kitchen & a lot is saved to prepare upon order. So, relax & enjoy the ambience!It's a decent place and eatable food, however, the food tastes nothing like it supposed to.The kabobs tastes good but small portions of meat combating to the price. Especially the rice with lamb had tiny pieces on the top.My former coworker was dying for me to try Plov (Lamb and rice Pilaf) and I do not regret it at all! This savory dish made me want more and more. I also paired Plov with a lamb and chicken Kebob that was roasted to perfection. Despite how oily the food is, the flavors are complex and delicious. 
I sat outside which was very nice and the servers were attentive and friendly. The enclosure gives you enough privacy that you forget busy Bustleton Ave. is on the otherside of the fence.After a slow and monotonous 40 minute cab ride from Penn's Landing, we finally made it to this relatively unknown gem in Northeast Philly.
We seated ourselves in the patio and a couple of minutes later placed our order - Lula Kebab, Manti and Plov. The food took a little longer than expected but I kept myself entertained but observing the diverse crowd. The table behind us had a party of about six people. Drinking, eating and drinking some more. Vodka and beer being passed around like prohibition just ended. It's was a  pleasant atmosphere to be honest.
The food finally arrived. Fresh and flavorful - you'd have to be a picky SOB not to like it.
Manti came with a little cup of yogurt and the Lula Kebab with a red sauce I didn't care too much for. The Plov was sweet and savory. Next time I'll remember to ask them the name of the rice they used.
4 stars because I think they can tweak their service just a little. It's not hard.Food here is so good! I've never had Russian cuisine before.
Make sure to come early because the food runs out later in the night. Additionally, the service isn't very good because my waitress disappeared multiple times in the night.
I need to come again and try their more popular dishes.Great food, very fresh and tasty. Prices are reasonable and customer service is nice as well. Large parking lot in the back . We ordered , Greek salad , plov, lamb and mantu. Everything was excellent. Thank youThis place is so cheap and wonderful!! I loved basically everything that we ordered that night. The kabobs, Moscow fish,  tomato salad, borscht soup, manti, bread, baklava, and neopolitan. All of it - loved loved loved. I really wanted to try the plov because i was told that it's pretty tasty, but it was sold out for the evening. So sad!! I guess next time bc i will for sure be back.
They get pretty packed on the weekends so don't forget to make a reservation!After a few months of buying Uzbek ingredients from my local store I wanted to try the real deal, and this is definitely the place to do it! 
I convinced my family to try something new, and everyone was pleased--we have picky eaters in the family.
The setting is very rustic and homey with white textured walls, brick detailed arches and wooden chairs with tall backs. The restaurant is broken up a bit with arches and columns, giving you a little privacy, but never feeling like you're cut off from the wait staff. 
As for the food, it's wonderful! It seems like the items are designed to be shared with the table, so get a bunch of things and dig in. If you can, get the bread. It's light, crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. If you get the shish kabob know it comes on one stick with onions. Sides are separate. Also the ravioli are small sized, in a small portion, so it can paired with something else. I had the eggplant salad (it's a bit similar to babaganoush) and the manti (large meat dumplings) and everything was great. The dumplings have a thin doughy outside, filled with meat and diced onions softened from the meat's juices. 
Are you hungry yet?OK- I probably should have taken notes because I  may not get the names of the food right but I'll do my best.
Went for lunch on a Saturday and it was moderately crowded.Brought wine and believe we were charged a small service fee for it (no problem- fair).The food was consistently excellent. We had borsch(borscht?),chicken ravioli(really good),some kind of tandoor bread with meat,lamb kebab(first rate),a special bread that I don't think was on the menu(get it),a not bad baklava with chocolate and expresso.It was really cheap!Everything was hot. The service was not overly friendly but not unfriendly and that suits me fine.I'm not out to bond with the waitresses.
A comment on the atmosphere: there are TV's all over the place and they are playing Russian and I guess Uzbek videos.Normally that would annoy me but they weren't too loud and I found them entertaining,Mostly dapper young rich men dancing around with models and having stylized encounters.Sometimes a dorky looking fat guy turns up but he sings you see and he gets to score with hot models too.In one the dorky looking guy gets married.it's fun and funny!Ultimate place for comfort food is right.  It's so successful, there are tons of Uzbek knock-offs in the area now.  Haven't really tried them, as this is so good.This place is pretty good to spend time with your family and friends. Good food and not overpriced. BYOB for those who can't relax without it. Polite staff.
Will be coming here more often.Finally revisited Uzbekistan in April and it was warm enough to sit outside and we had a relaxed and excellent combination of bread, plov, salad and stroganoff. Then we went to the nearby Net Cost Market, which despite its name is a breathtakingly authentic Russian supermarket featuring fabulous deli stuff and smoked fish, which we hauled back to Baltimore and ate on for the rest of the weekend.Everything here is excellent. The food and the atmosphere. The borsht, kabobs and compote are my favorites.Went back again with my parents.  I had totally different dishes and all were wonderful.  Service was also pretty good, though not amazing.  I took a better picture of the menu, since they don't have one online.Love this place! Best meat ever! The food is consistent and authentic, the atmosphere is very "traditional" in a Russian sense, with loud parties and good and dangerous looking people staring you up. As an expat I love going here for the taste of the past. Don't miss the cheburek, lamb and skirt steak kabobs, Greek salad, plov and potatoes.Very tasty food! Good food for real! 
Shish kebob (all kinds) home made fried potato with mushroom, samsa, khachapuri, bread very good! 
Affordable food. Good for small and big groups! I've been there multiple times and would love to go back every single time!
A bit crowded and noisy but Good!The place is really nice.  The food was great especially the pilaf and samsas, but the service was VERY VERY slow.  Took more than an hour to get our food.  And there were long periods between food.  Kebabs should not take that long.  For that I can only give it 3.5. 
I'll try it again.  Hopefully next time the service will improve.They got delicious juicy kebabs! I took my friends few times there and they loved the place. I would recommend Uzbekistan as the best place in Philly to try Russian food.Absolutely love the food and atmosphere. I'm so thrilled they finally paved the center of the parking lot :)
The shish kabobs are MUCH better here than at Lava. So is the sauce and potatoes and service. The red sauce they serve with the kabobs is amazing. I love the black tea and borsht and bread. Everything  here is perfection.I took a party of seven to celebrate my sister's graduation; she's been studying this part of the world.  We sat in the tent, brought a few bottles of wine, and left the ordering to my sister.  We had a family-style feast, all left stuffed, for an amount I have paid for just my husband and I to eat a fancy meal.  I couldn't believe it.
Obviously, I got to taste a lot, and I remember the names of almost nothing.  But everything was really delicious.  The fact that, by my estimation, we were the only people in the big, crowded restaurant not from the Ukraine, Russia, or somewhere nearby tells me those looking for authentic regional cuisine will be satisfied.  But I think that it's also a great choice for those who, like me, are unfamiliar with the region.  
Service was... fine.  I don't know how comfortable I would have been without a Russian speaker.  Also, in the tent they had big TV screens where they were playing very weird Euro '80s pop videos.  It was really distracting; I hate televisions at restaurants!Tried this place with few of my friends and have to say this place was point! We tried almost every single kebab on the menu and there wasn't one kebab that I can say bad about. All the kebab's were cooked to perfection and tasted excellent. Other than the kebabs we also ordered 2 breads and pilav. Bread was also freshly cooked straight from the oven. It was one of the best bread I've tasted. Everything was excellent at this place, but the pilav. I ordered the pilav and it was very disappointing. It just didn't look or tasted right. Honestly the pilav was way below average. Although the pilav was kind of disappointing I was very happy with everything else. For past many years I only drove by this place, but last week was the first time I actually tried this epic place. I sure will be coming back for more.Okay so first and foremost let me be an unbiased Russian-speaking critic. I understand that most of the reviews for this restaurant are from biased patrons. For Americans coming to eat here are a few things to keep in mind:
1) Customer Service will be BAD. That's just how it is. You have to deal with it and not take it personally. So I will not take stars off for this. 
2) The owner of this place is a jerk. Which is probably why the wait staff is miserable and you are receiving bad customer service. He kinda looks like part of the Russian mob/alcoholic so it adds to the whole true experience. 
3) If you are sitting inside expect to see trashy music videos playing over and over again. This can be a pro or a con depending on how you look at it. It's the authentic Russian experience. 
This is not traditional Russian or Ukrainian cuisine. It's better!
Things to get: HACHIPURI!!! But it must be ordered in advanced because of the preperation times. 
Shashlik is amazing!
The bread with butter is incredible and will send your taste buds into euphoria. 
Overall: come here for the FOOD. Not the customer service or ambiance. Also it's a BYOB which is great. Bring a few bottles or Vodka or Whisky and shot glasses will be provided. 
P.S. For my Northeast Philly people reading this...GET OUT MORE. Philly is an awesome foodie city that extends beyond Uzbek (as all the locals call it).
Will I continue coming here for years and years. Yes. The food is amazing and if your with a good group you will have an awesome time.The dining experience was excellent for my party of 12.  The food is amazing and the service was great. The dishes recommends by the owner for the party were spot on and the atmosphere in the back garden was like being in a different country. Many thanks for the experience.So I'm actually from Uzbekistan (The Country) and my family makes food all the time. I stumbled upon this place by accident and I fell in love instantly. The food is close to, if not authentic. Its hard to find authentic Uzbekistan places but this place is good. The food was amazing, and cheap. No complaints there. Lost a star because it's hard to know where to go to get proper service. When I found the counter they looked confused so it was a little awkward. Service was okay I can't complain because I took my food Togo since I was working. If you're from/near the Brooklyn, NU area there is a place Called Nargis the food is also really good Uzbek food there. Also really good prices.Seriously? This place is delicious!! Also, the prices are ridiculously cheap!! The downside is that the service is super super slow (both times, we were waiting and waiting and waiting for someone to take our orders and then for someone to take our checks - you basically have to flag someone down) so I'd recommend it if you have time to spare, but not if you're in a rush.
Now the food. Their salad with tomatoes and a lemon dressing is wonderful! The greens are fresh and the dressing tastes home made. Also, it's the size of a dinner salad. We also got the home made noodles (so delicious!!) with some kind of beef stew on the top and the kabobs. Both the shrimp and the beef were delicious!
Most importantly, though, they have the best baklava I've ever had!! If you're planning on getting dessert, this is a must try!
Also, they have a nice outdoor dining area which is beautiful!Wow, great place and great food!!!This was the first time we went to this place.   Based on the reviews. I was a bit worried about the service.  To my surprise we had great service, and as i said before the food was excellent.   I spoke with who i believe was the manager,  when she asked me how we found out about the place,  i said Yelp,  and told her of my reservations based on the reviews of service,  she explained on the weekends the plane gets packed and the kitchen can't always keep up with the orders.   I guess if you expect to wait,  you'll be prepared.   We will definitely return,  and I'll be sure to bring some friends tooMy wife is from Uzbekistan and she talks of this place as being authentic and maybe even better than the food from back home. Going here is a real taste of central Asian food.
The food here is always good, with special attention given to the Plof (pilaf) and the kabobs. I don't normally get the eastern European side of the menu, but I've heard it's good to. To eat the traditional way get a pot of tea and some bread to go with your meal, both are ridiculously cheap. The bread has always been fresh out of the oven when I've been, and the tea comes in a traditional teapot.
The place is always busy, and there are not a lot of servers, so don't expect a huge amount of servers to check in. Servers have always been friendly when I've been, and are always appreciative if you even attempt to speak Russian or pronounce the dishes properly.
I often go hear with American friends, and order family style as the menu is intended. We typically only end up paying $15 per person and leave stuffed. Great value in my opinion.
Oh, and it would be nice if ignorant people could stop calling it Russian. The owners are Uzbek, they are culturally central Asian (think Ghengis Khan), where as Russians are European (think blonde hair blue eyes). Just because they speak Russian doesn't make them Russian any more than speaking English makes all Americans British.Walking into Uzbekistan, I felt like I was stepping into a whole new world.  There were large parties indulging in food I had never seen before and speaking a language foreign to my ears.  We stood at the door for 5 minutes unsure of the protocol then walked into the bar area trying to flag down someone to guide us to a table.  The waitress that came out of the kitchen was carrying a large platter of kebabs and motioned us to the outside seating area.  Finally, we grabbed two menus and sat ourselves down.  
Although it was a rough start the rest of the night made up for it.  The food was impressive.  We started with borsch (cabbage soup with sour cream) and some stuffed bread (one was stuffed with ground meat and the other was stuffed with cheese).  For the main entree we had pilov (a rice pilaf cooked with shredded meat) and lamp kebab.  Then for dessert we ordered green tea and baklava.  The baklava was very different from the greek baklava that I am used to.  It was cakey and and chewy.  It wasn't covered with honey but was slightly sweetened.
Everything was delicious and tasted homemade.  We felt like we were eating at someone house rather than a restaurant.  Ingredients were fresh, full of flavor, and very comforting.  The best part the restaurant is the moderate price.  Most of the entrees ran under $10.  The portions are not very large so it's better to order several dishes to share.
I have always been fascinated by Russia/Uzbek cuisine and this place does a nice job.Uzbekistan is you authentic Uzbek cosine place. The place basically consists of very small dining tables a blasting loud Russian music channel. The food is generally tasty, that is of course when they do not forget to bring you what  you have ordered. In my opinion they are greatly understaffed which creates very annoyed customers constantly begging for waiters attention. If you go there try to get there in the early evening b'c you may not be able to get a table. The do make some nice dishes, and prices are generally very low. We stopped going there b'c of a very poor service and very loud tv on the wall.Good food! Specially for the price ! Will definitely come again as soon as I'm back !!!The worst place I have ever visited. SLOW SLOPPY AND MESSY.... Food has no flavor at all.. Waited almost 10-15 mins every time water needed filling or needed plates removed. Never again...I generally try to refrain from mentioning or plugging competitors in my reviews but I keep getting PM's & compliments asking me for the name of the place that I go instead of here. That would be Shish-Kabob Palace on Grant Ave. 
On a side note from driving by they have redesigned the outside patio area. Either the massive snow last winter destroyed their outdoor tent beyond repair or it didn't pass muster with the inspectors. Either way it looks like they are only going to be able to do outdoor seating in warm good weather now.
*I was informed that they have a huge enclosed patio in the back now that can hold 50+. So I guess you can still dine cold weather al fresco.Uzbekistan is really a fun time and great restaurant! This is a BYOB and everything I ordered from here is superb! I normally order the bread, lagman soup, pierogies chicken and lamb kabobs! Great place for large parties on the outdoor patio!Authentic, accommodating, delicious and cheap--this place has it all.
I truly felt like I traveled out of the country for the night, and was catered to by the best home cook in Russia. You will absolutely love this place, I guarantee it.Takes forever to even get a glass of water. They kebabs were very juicy and flavorful, the pilav on the other hand was so greasy, and the meat dry and chewy. It's a whatever experience. Really cheap thoughThe restaurant building, indeed, reminds Uzbeki restaurant - with small additional buildings, shacks, and vine trellises. For full impression, one only needs topchans in the tree shade, and some aryk (irrigation channel)  nearby.
There is a decent selection of traditional Central Asian dishes - palov, shurva, lagman, samsa, manty, non. And, most important, tea, which is served based on Uzbek tradition from large chainik (tea-pot) into piyalas. There is also a good variety of Russian stuff - borsch (both Ukranian and cold), vareniki, pelmeni, solyanka, and some Caucasian dishes, like chebureki. 
Years ago I traveled a lot across Central Asian republics of USSR, so I was able to appreciate the authenticity of the dishes we ordered (shurpa, manty, tea, Korean carrot salad).  Manty were good (maybe slightly overcooked), and shurpa was excellent.  And any soup may be ordered by half of the plate!  The waitresses were  friendly and suggestive. The prices were quite competitive - we spent about $44 for 3 persons.
The atmosphere of the place was quite genuine, with many decent-looking Russian-speaking customers humming around (with some Uzbeks) and Russian TV channel 2 entertaining us with some show. I don't know if this restaurant is owned by Uzbeks or Bukhara Jews, but it represents the Uzbeki cuisine well. One should understand that since there are not so many Uzbeks in Philadelphia, that's why the restaurant has to include there Russian and Caucasian dishes.  In overall, I highly recommend this restaurant, especially taking into account scarcity of good and affordable places in Philadelphia area.  One can visit it with friends, to spend evening or celebrate some event. And don't be afraid to invite US-born Americans - they would appreciate this place!Simply amazing and unexpected. You may leave extremely stinky from garlic but it's so worth it. The carrot appetizer is a must!this place is like eating in a time machine -- a delicious one that combines delectable onion meaty spicy doughs with prices from 1982.BYOB, kebabs - Russian food. Sunday night dinner.
Ok-I'm not quite convinced that this place is all people have been raving about-BUT I will give it another try.
The meat was TOO WELL DONE! and had no flavor-just add a lil' salt! The service was horrendous! It took forever to get anything and waiter came over to our table 4x throughout the night, once to get the order, once to bring the food and once to bring the check and another to collect the money. So we had no water, and no sauce and couldn't order dessert. it was the most unfriendly place, COLD, I have ever been to. There were only 4 tables there being served.
The soup here was not as flavorful and it was way smaller than expected. tomato onion salad was flavorless....just not our best time. Maybe next time.
Anyhow, I might be comparing it to our favorite place in the northeast, love the place over on Grant Ave-Shish Kebab.I had taken it for granted so far - but finally realized it - Uzbekistan's food quality consistency is THE BEST. Every time we go there (we've been customers for almost a year now) we get THE SAME DELICIOUS FOOD!
I have compared it to a couple of other restaurants with the same quisine - no other restaurant comes even close to the consistency and level of delectability (not sure if this is even a word) we get here. No matter when you go - week day or weekend - food is awesome. I am hooked for life!I was crazy homesick and craving some good homemade food that reminded me of my mom's food, that's when my boyfriend took me to this place. And let me tell you: you won't get disappointed. Coming from the Central Asia I can tell if the food is authentic or not, and it was! 
We ordered so much food I am almost ashamed to list here but you need to know what to try: 
1) eggplant salad is delicious (if you are not fun of raw garlic stay away, but if you love eggplants, this is your ultimate dish), 
2) lagman soup (a big plus for homemade pasta, I would just add more spices to it like Uighur people do since it is their traditional food), 
3) manty (steamed lamb dumplings, if you are wary of fat, you may find it a little bit fatty, but that's how it Is supposed to be), 
4) plov (pilaf or beef with rice and carrots, it was good, not too greasy, the meat could have been more tender, but it was still good) 
5) samsa (special clay oven baked bun with meat reminded me real Uzbek samsa that you'd buy on the street) 
6) Napoleon cake dessert: my boyfriend just loved it!!!! It is similar to milllefeuille, but with different Creme) 
The place is super busy on weekend, so definitely call ahead and make a reservation. We sat outside in the tent (and it was February), but we were not cold at all. I gave 5 star rating because I love the place that serves my home food.A good uzbeki russian restaurant. Try their Samarkand Pilav. Not a very great place, but not bad for one time.We hit this place for a birthday celebration and sat in the tents out back. It was great for our large party and the food was fantastic. We had lots of food served family style and my notable faves were the borscht soup and steak kebab's. 
The service was good, too, and the walks to the bathroom gave me a look inside the main interior of the restaurant, which is very crowded. 
Overall, I would definitely return here for another big party like this. The BYOB factor is only icing on the cake!