It's been years since I've been to Valanni, but a recent happy hour brought me back for my epic return.
I have to concur with everyone who speaks so highly of their happy hour. From 5-7 Monday through Friday, they have an excellent offering of half price tapas, cocktails and wines. They also have $5 you-call-its and $3 Yuenglings.
The half off cocktails are the really special part about this special. It's not limited to a select few options. You have your choice of any of their fabulous libations. The cucumber martini was beverage of the evening. It consisted of cucumber infused Skyy Vodka, St. Germain, and fresh lime juice with a cucumber wheel. They went down smoothly and quickly. We sat at the bar and the server was on top of his game. It was very easy to place a refill order. 
I also went with the spicy pulled chicken empanadas and crispy Brussel sprouts. This was definitely the most interesting preparation of Brussel sprouts I've ever eaten. They were prepared with marcona almonds, granny smith apples and aged balsamic. It truly was a tapa so don't except your typical Brussel sprout appetizer portion. 
The chicken empanadas were simply out of this world. Although they were fried, they weren't the least bit greasy. There was a crispness to the shell, but it was still easy to neatly cut them with a fork and a knife. They were stuffed full of cilantro and manchego flavor and the chipotle-horseradish aioli gave a nice kick without being overly spicy. They were larger than I thought they'd be and two came to the order.
The bar area was not packed on the night of my visit and it was very easy to maintain a conversation with the three people in the group sitting at the bar without having to scream.
My tab ran me a little under $30 before tax and tip. It was nice to have quality food and cocktail in a nice atmosphere without spending a fortune. 
I have no doubt there'll be less of a gap before my next visit.Used Yelp to find this place and it met all of our expectations. The tapas menu & cocktail list are perfect. Our favorite was the Tuna Tartar. Enjoy!Wonderful experience!  When we walked in my first thought was "wow, it's swanky.  Swanky places usually have food that's just ok because they are more into the atmosphere and having a cool bar than they are the food."  I was wrong.  The food was delicious!  
The bar area was very vibrant and was packed. We decided to have a few drinks in before dinner and their specialty drink menu had a lot of interesting options. The print on the drink menu is really small though and it's pretty dark in there so I could barely read the ingredients. I'm in my early 30's and no where near the point where I have a hard time reading small print.  Its just hard to get a good light on the menu to read it. You can read the names of the drinks but the ingredients are tiny.  I get sick every time I drink vodka and asked the bartender if he could make one of their signature drinks with rum instead.  He said that it would taste funny if he did that but he would whip me something special instead.  Whatever it was, it was really good!    
We were seated at a tiny round table for two on the lounge side. It was cozy and nice, but the table was about as big as an Altoid. I was surprised they had such small tables for a tapas restaurant.  We ordered a few different dishes and asked the waiter to space them out so that we would have room for them on the table and he was very accommodating about how much food to order and what order to serve it in.  We ordered the Medi-Latin plate, which is served on a long skinny platter that hung off both sides of the table.  Everything on the platter was delicious - far better than I would have imagined. 
We also got the lobster and crab mac and cheese and it had an entire lobster claw in it plus tons of crab meat.  The sauce was pretty typical for mac and cheese - nothing amazing, but the amount of lobster and crab made up for it. 
The flatbread was a good but a little lame compared to the rest of the food- I wish we had skipped that and ordered something else instead. It was tasty, just difficult to eat since the toppings didn't stay on the bread. 
We split the oreo dessert and the hazelnut mouse truffle.  Both were scrumptious.
Pricing is not available on their website but it was very reasonable.  I believe the Medi-Latin plate was $25 and it included 7 different items (mostly 2 of each item, except calamari and feta which had more).  With a few drinks, the Medi Plate, Mac and Cheese, Flatbread, Polenta, and two desserts, our bill came to about $110.  We had closed out our bar tab before being seated and I believe that was about $30 for two mixed drinks and a beer. 
Can't wait to go back!I've been in and out of Valanni twice before I sat down to enjoy a meal during CC Restaurant Week. The hostesses have been not so friendly and I honestly feel more comfortable walking into Barclay Prime than this place. Luckily our waitress was much nicer than the hostess. Myself and two friends had a reservation for 7:30 on a Wednesday.  I started with the Spicy Pulled Chicken Empanadas, had the Pan Seared Chicken Saltimbocca as my entree, and the Oreo Beignet for dessert. The empanadas and beignet were delicious, the chicken saltimbocca was fine.  I also had a taste of the goat cheese balls and brussel sprouts which were good too! I would definitely come back to try more in the future.We went for dinner on a weeknight and were pleasantly surprised by the interesting selection of smaller plates.  
We knew that we definitely wanted their Crispy Brussels Sprouts (my friend usually hates them but tried them here once before and was stunned that she loved them).  The combination of granny smith apples and marcona almonds was great! And I really enjoyed the sauce that complimented - it was aged balsamic when I inquired.  Highly recommend it!
The Porkbelly Slider Cubans were pretty good too.  Simple but excellent execution and great proportions - you got just enough pickle to the Canadian bacon and cheese.  
Don't skip the Fried Goat Cheese!! By far the best menu item we tried.  (See posted picture- we couldn't even resist eating one each before taking a picture of the last one on the plate). The honey just goes so well with the tangy yet creamy goat cheese, but the bell pepper marmalade adds another exciting layer for your taste buds.  Heavenly!
Service was good, although we were literally the only customers sitting outside on a nice summery night.  And don't forget to check in on yelp for a complimentary wine/sangria (if they still have that offer)!Very loud. Slow apathetic service. I had the pasta special, which was overcooked and lacking in any  flavor but salt. Took a long time to get our drinks even though the restaurant was not full and we did not order craft cocktails. Wine, Grey Goose on the rocks. On a positive note, my husband had a wonderful hamburger. Being an expert on hamburgers, he pronounced it one of the best he's had. We won't be back.A gal pal roped me in for dinner at Valanni for restaurant week.  We had an 8:30 PM reservation and the house was packed to the brim.  I always view it is a good omen when a dining room is full with patrons and I was eager to try their diverse menu.  Long story, short, I liked the food enough that I would return during a regular week.  Although I wasn't particularly fond of the grilled romaine salad (the chipotle caesar dressing was a bit too rich and more than a bit too bland), I was infatuated with the crisp polenta croutons.  The red mussels were an instant hit at the table--they could simply serve the savory tomato garlic broth as a lone dish.  My friend gave her hard-earned approval to the Kobe beef burger ("A-grade"), which is a big deal in our social circle because she is a burger connoisseur and has been very disappointed lately with the Philadelphia burger scene.  I myself ordered the seafood paella, which was not as authentic as I had preferred (served on a white plate, no burnt rice?, an overwhelming tomato base), but I still scarfed it down.  Even though it wasn't true paella (more of a seafood and tomato risotto), it was generously prepared with plenty of seafood (mussels, shrimp, scallops!, clams, even a sad baby octopus) and seasoned rice.  Apparently, the house chocolate mousse hits the nervous system like cocaine and it was lapped up by all those who ordered it for dessert.  Parking was a gigantic pain in the ass, but I'm planning to come back soon for the rest of the menu.Valanni just underwent a sort of face-lift, and seems to be having a bit of an identity crisis as a result. Most people I've spoken to know Valanni as an upscale restaurant with a sleek, modern but classy set-up. The new Valanni (or "Valanni Social", as the new signs indicate) is more of an upscale gay club/tapas bar. While there are still tables for dinner and such, the main draw now seems to be to the plush front room that faces Spruce Street, with white couches and a fancy changing-light wall. It also appears that there's a DJ there full-time pumping dance remixes into the restaurant. 
You won't find Valanni on any list of gay bars in Philadelphia but it's definitely become that -- moreso a place where you and friends can go for some moderately-priced cocktails before hitting up bars like Woody's or Tavern on Camac. I also can't really tell what the server situation is there. Some people seem to get waited on in the lounge area, others not.A great standby in Center City. Went in at 6:30 PM after driving past two different venues (Marcato and Mixto) with waiting lines resembling an old Soviet bread line. We got al fresco seating with no wait and ordered several tapas. The ham croquettes were delicious. We followed that with pulled pork empanadas and a very tasty sea bass dish with crab, olive and capers.  More tapas that included roast pork with garlic, an iberian cheese plate and calamari.  We left stuffed.  Good wine selection.  The wait staff was friendly and prompt.I came here for the last night of restaurant week and they were swamped. We arrived 15 minutes late for our reservation because of traffic but they sat us right away with no problems. Our server was great. She was attentive even having at least 7 tables. Food was delicious not one thing tasted bad from appetizer to dessert! Only negative I could say is the seating is weird definitely a lounge atmosphere even during dinner hours, very close to the other tables. Great place!!I almost gave this place 2 stars, but I think I'll finally stick with 3.  The food here is pretty good.  But if you go here and you want to eat on a Saturday night after 10pm, you should know that it will be SO LOUD inside and you will have to scream at your friends so they can hear you.  The service is also not great- our cute blonde server could have cared less about our table.  The music was the gayest remixes of songs from the late 90s that I have ever heard.  (that is a good thing).  Also I got to meet a gay porn star, so that adds to the fun. Lobster mac and cheese is bangin.Valanni didn't quite hit the mark for me. Their food offers all the characteristics we Americans like in bar food - cheesy, fatty, and deep fried - but not much else. 
A summary of everything we ordered:
Free Sangria with Checkin
The white tasted more like water than wine. The red was better, but still watered down. I guess this should be expected since it was free.
Lobster and Crab Mac and Cheese
This dish was shockingly abundant in lobster and crab, an obvious plus. But the mornay (cheese) sauce was no different than frozen mac and cheese in both taste and texture.
Black Truffle Arancini 
It's deep fried and has cheese. I assume that's why other reviewers like it so much. What was missing was the supposed star: the black truffle. We could not taste or see it anywhere in the dish. 
Duck and Foie Gras Flatbread 
The foie gras was cooked well, but there was only one piece to spread around a much larger flatbread. With just duck confit as a main topping, the dish was too dry. I did enjoy the brandied cherries though.
Meat and Seafood Paella
This portion for one could have served four. It was full of goodies, including chicken, scallops, and clams. For the price I think it was worth it. The only issue was that the paella was very wet.
In short, Valanni serves above average bar food that does not quite taste like fine dining. Despite the shortfalls, I actually enjoyed my meal there due to the hip ambiance. As other reviewers have said, you really feel like you've stepped away from Philly and walked into a New York tapas bar.I want to love Valanni but I just don't. I tried their seafood and meat paella and found it to be bland, over cooked, and devoid of any lobster, at the amount of money that I was paying, I expected a higher standard of flavor and finesse.The cocktails were watered down. I don't love it because of the multiple times that they've gotten my order wrong for takeout and then would not correct it and instead offered to substitute something else in place with a rude attitude when I refused any substitution. The hostess rolled her eyes and huffed when I said that I want what I ordered instead. They took over an hour to make my re-order of my original missing appetizer as I waited there. The hostess who handles takeout orders needs training in customer service. Maybe fire her.My girlfriends and I made reservations here during Center City's Restaurant Week.  We had never been here before, so I read the previous reviews on yelp and was prepared for great food, but possibly not-so-great service.  Instead, it exceeded my expectations--immensely!
Our server, Dan, was great.  He was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and made good recommendations for us.  Our food came out in perfectly timed succession so we were neither waiting too long for next course, nor still working on the previous one.  
Each course was delicious, with complimenting flavors and perfect portion sizes.  I didn't leave to full or still hungry.
After my experience at Valanni, I'll definitely eat there again!
Things to note:
- If you're going to get drinks, go during their happy hour, which is from 5 - 7pm every night.  Every drink under $10 is only $5... not bad when you're drinking a few glasses of wine!
- Parking is difficult.  There's a parking lot down the block and across the street, but expect to pay $16.
- Between the three of us, we had the Brussels sprouts, figs in a blanket and seafood flatbread for appetizers, the scallops, tuna and duck breast for our entrees and the sopapilla, bread pudding and oreo beignet for dessert.  EVERYTHING was delicious!As promised, I came back to Valanni to check out their brunch menu with my mom and my sister.   Absolutely fantastic!  
We ordered the monte cristo, crab & horseradish eggs benedict, kobe beef brunch burger and a side of chorizo.  Everything was delicious.  Everything!  I  ordered the kobe beef burger, which came topped with bacon and egg, which is how every burger should be enjoyed.  It's just that good!  The fries that accompanied the dish weren't too special, but I loved the truffle mayo sauce that was served on the side.  So good!  The chorizo was the only thing I was iffy about - the kick I usually get with chorizo just wasn't there, but it was still good.
Note:  if you check in for the first time with Yelp, you get a free mimosa! 
I'll be back, Valanni!Just finished diner was disappointed with our four tapas. Grilled octopus was over complicated couldn't twist the octopus, empanadas where good but not worth reordering and Albondigas needed salt good in theory but failed in execution. Service was top notch. Won't return so many other tapas restraints in Philadelphia.Stopped in here for a few drinks.  I enjoyed the fact that they had a skinny drink menu (only in this neighborhood, right?)  The skinny drinks are not strong, unfortunately.  I suppose that's to be expected for the calories.  They did taste good.  There are definitely a lot of drink choices overall.  The food also looked good.
I really liked the atmosphere.  The bar area is large and sexy.  I would totally come back to eat or sit at the bar.Came here for happy hour because it seemed pretty promising. $5 nicely made cockstails? Sure. However, I really get the feeling that they reduce prices for happy hour and reduce their quality to compensate:
Here's the thing, if you're going to use Tortilla Gold (and for those of you who graduated college less recently, this is as cheap and cheap tequila goes), don't make the drink directly in front of the customer! If I order a decent cocktail, I'd at least like the illusion that I'm not drinking terrible tequila. The drink was at least decent, however.
The food was another interesting point. We ordered cilantro-corn mussles and spicy chicken empanadas. Flavor-wise, the mussels were great, I've never had mussels in a corn broth and I liked it. Problem-wise, we got 6 mussels in our order. Now, since apps are half price for happy hour, I guess that's ok to spend $5 or $6, but who would ever want to pay $12 for 6 mussels??? How is that fair? The empanadas were just ok, too much breading and very little meet. Once again, $5 for 2 of them is OK, full price $10 for 2 empanadas, less so.
While the food seems interesting enough and the place is certainly swanky, I'd save your money and more importantly your time for better happy hours.The best tapas restaurant I've ever been!!! Still think about the Chorizo and Chickpeas and the Vegetarian Antipasti. Also loved the overall ambiance. Great date place.had the pleasure of dining there with my wife and several close friends. First of all I have to say that the yelp reviews that say that this place is chic and feels like a high end New york City night club are correct. I loved the atmosphere and I loved the food even more. Some of their Tapas that we really enjoyed  were their Figs in a blanket, tuna tarte, grilled beef kabobs and the spicy  pulled chicken empanadas. We also enjoyed both the red and white mussels and we were pleasantly surprised how good they were. The seafood paella was outstanding and I would definitely recommend that you try it. We also enjoyed the lamb burger, kobe beef burger and the porcini crusted day boat scallops. Overall we enjoyed the food, atmosphere and a very pleasant and attentive wait staff.My experience was extremely positive w/ Valanni. Granted I came in during a week night and it was relatively quiet, the staff and bartender all greeted and treated me like one of their friends.
The food was great, we had one issue w/ my sprouts coming out a little over cooked, I didn't even mention anything and the item was comped.
There's a lot a restaraunt can do to "mess up" one's experience but I thought they really hit the nail on the head w/ the atmosphere and service that evening.
The food was very good, I got the burger - left off the bun and it was quite a good portion.Such a great restaurant, would highly recommend, coming from New York it is still one of the best meals I have had in a very long time.  Most imaginative menu I have ever seen - love the "kobe hot dog" - great tapas for groups, and the interior is very cool, including outside seating (although it doesn't look like much from the outside). A bit pricey, but well worth it for the best meal in Philly...WOOT. Happy hour. Awesome food, awesome experience, awesome company. But the drinks left me with some more to desire. The appetizers that we shared, empanadas (oh, succulent, succulent chicken meat) and calamari (oh, chewy, crispy goodness) were very good. My friend ordered a burger, which was good, but I'm not a fan of blue cheese. (I consumed a large part of the accompanying fries, though. Tee hee.) 
I ordered the Brazilian pop, which was small and tasted like Robitussin. $10 for alcoholic medicine. MAJOR BUMMER. For my dying wallet. However, my friend's Sangarita was amazing--it tastes exactly as it sounds and, not to mention, strong. ;D The watermelon sangria was disappointing; the alcohol was wallowing in the water of the watermelon. Bleh. Ordered some Blue Moon (i heart beer, especially good beer, like BM), which made up for all the other drinks, left me tipsy and content. 
As for ambiance, we had outdoor seating, which made for some nice tanning. But, lo and behold (!), on my way to the potty, it was beautifully decorated inside. Definitely sitting inside next time!My friend and I went the tapas ways and ordered a few to split. The restaurant was well lit and service was good, server knew when to leave and when to return. The brussels sprouts were the standout dish for me.Everything was perfect from the moment we stepped in the door. The host was very friendly and seated us promptly. The food was DELICIOUS and nicely presented [the Baked Brie is to die for!]. Our server was outstanding, super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The manager even stopped by and chatted with us for a few moments. There are also many fun and tasty cocktails on the menu! Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to any of my friends!I've taken a peek into this restaurant several times over the years, and the interior suggested a different kind of place than it is (after reading Megan D.'s review, I'm not alone on this one). But, after long last, I'm glad I gave it a chance. I've been a fan of Mercato & Varga for years, and Valanni rounds out the sister trio of restaurants quite nicely.
On Tuesdays, it's $20 bottle night... L'Chaim!
A few bottles of wine; the vegetable paella (the small order was plenty for a group of 4); the full tasting of cheese; and an amazing order of crab cakes, with a spicy mango chutney made this girl roll home, happy.My husband and I dined here last night during Restaurant Week. It's a small, but hip little place with good food. I had the empanadas, meat & seafood paella, ores beignet, margarita & Black cherry cosmo. Ok, yes I ate all of that. Yes I am greedy & could not stop myself because it was all delicious! The paella was one of the best I've had. My husband had the lobster Mac & cheese & Parmesan crusted Calamari. He raved about the Mac & cheese. All in all, we had a good time & our waiter (young guy with glasses) was super friendly and on point. We would come back on a less crowded night. It is slightly cramped in here and there bakes are close together, so it got pretty noisy.GET THE PAELLA ... GET THE PAELLA !!!!!!!!
And the lobster mac and cheese is to die for. I've never seen a restaurant give such generous chunks of lobster until i've tried it here. The cheese is oozing in flavor, as opposed to many other lobster mac and cheeses i've tried that really seem to be just bland. Neither the cheese or lobster is overpowering, but instead compliment each other.
The ambience of the restaurant is great, chic, a tad crowded, meaning it's great for a girls night. The bar is full, and has a great drinks selection.
I cannot wait to get back to philly and eat here again! They just scored a loyal customer.After encountering absurdly long waits at Mercato and Garces (presumably related to post-graduation feasting, which I had not taken into consideration), our party of four found ourselves at 12th and Spruce at 8:15 on a Saturday without a good back up plan.  Since Valanni was close, and we had all wanted to try it, last night seemed as good a time as any.  We were pleased by the available outdoor tables we saw, and approached the hostess who informed us that we would need a reservation, and the earliest available was for 9:00.  However, I pressed about the available tables outside and we wound up being seated before we could finish the cocktails we got at the bar.  Yay!
The drink menu was a manageable size, with a nice range from frou-frou fruities to more sophisticated cocktails.  Most were in the ~$10 range, and the sangrias we had were worth it.  The wine and beer lists were of similar high quality, and similar (slightly inflated) prices.
Our group stuck to the tapas menu, and the dishes sampled ranged from very good to excellent.  The crispy brussels sprouts and polenta with shrimp really stood out as favorites.  Sadly, I was not as wowed by the lobster mac as I had hoped.  Dishes that fell in the middle included the Caprese flatbread, pork belly, bok choy, and red mussels.  We also did a sample of four desserts (mousse two ways, creme brulee, baklava, and a bread pudding).  Each of these was divine.
Our waitress was very friendly.  Though the restaurant was quite busy, and she clearly had tables inside and out, we never felt neglected.  Unfortunately, while clearing the plates, she spilled a large quantity of sauce from one the plates all over my silk dress.  It was obviously an accident, and she was genuinely apologetic saying she would send the manager right out.  We never saw the manager, and the only compensation I was given was the price of one dessert.  I did not want to make a scene to track down the manager and request the cost of cleaning the dress, so I just let it go.  However, I have been offered greater reparations at Tria when they were out of the cheese I ordered.
In spite of the spill, I plan to go back.  The atmosphere was fun, the food was good, and there were many more menu items I am excited to try.  The tapas-style portions are appropriately small, but surprisingly filling.  It wasn't a cheap meal, but I found the prices in line with the quality.  If I make it through my next experience without wearing my meal (self-inflicted spills not included), I am sure I will be upping the stars.  
The bonus of being turned away from the BYOBs was our bounty of wine that we had available for late night park sipping!Restaurant week is a happy time of the year.  You get to try new places and explore the culinary artistry that Philadelphia restaurants have to offer.  Unfortunately, my visit to Valanni ruined my restaurant week run and completely turned me off of trying new restaurants.  I am truly in disbelief after reading over all the positive reviews...how can this be?
Lets start from the beginning.  We arrive at the restaurant where the girl at the front desk looks confused and doesn't appear to check if I had a reservation or not.  I later come to find out, she never checked me in and I did not receive my points from open table.  We are led to our table, where we sit and are disappointed by the ambiance as the pictures depicted something a lot more romantic and grandiose.  The first thing I noticed was dirty glasses.  I have only come across unwashed glasses at crappy places, so this was the first sign. We waited for a while for our waitress and when she approached we had absolutely no idea if she was a waitress or someone there to refill our water as she just stood looking at us.  
The beer menu was non existent and a place that claims its good for drinks, that was a huge disappointment.  Its crazy that an applebeees would have more of a beer selection.  We started with fried calamari and red mussels.  The calamari was over fried and so greasy that my husband wanted to throw up after 5 pieces.  The red mussels were drenched in a tomato sauce that was probably purchased from the shelves of Shoprite.  After the appetizers, we were nauseous and upset.  However, we thought "perhaps the meal will make up for all of this".  Well...we were absolutely wrong.  The tow entrees we ordered were scallops and seafood paella.  Now mind you, we paid an extra $5 dollars for the paella.  The restaurant week menu claimed we would get lobster in the paella but instead we received 3 shrimp, 2 scallops, a few calamari and a few mussels.  The paella was the worst thing either of us have ever tasted.  One of the things that makes a great paella is the rice.  Anyone that has ever tried paella or loves it, would know that.  The rice was strange, sticky and round.  It was drenched in the some tasteless, flavorless, red soupy based sauce that also made us sick.  My scallops were burned and the size of quarters.  I have never had such disgusting scallops--EVER.  The best part of my dish were the mashed potatoes, and that is really just sad.  
After such a horrendous dinner, the dessert was coming and we were afraid...
One of the things I truly love is a good OREO BEIGNET.  So, I ordered one for dessert.  It was cold, tasteless, and tasted like some fried dough that cooled on a rack for a few hours.  I was in shock.
My husband got the granny smith apple pudding.  There were supposed to be chocolate, cranberry and walnut in his pudding.  We never tasted any of those things.  I never had such bread pudding, I mean who screw up bread pudding?? 
Well, this place did.  
I could go on and on about the terrible food, the service, the lack of care in this restaurant but I am exhausted and must stop.  I truly love food.  It means the world to me.  I love trying to places, and can really appreciate a good restaurant and a memorable meal.  This unfortunately has gone down in the books as the most disgusting, unacceptable, disappointing meal I have ever had in Philly, and really anywhere else.  I would never return, even if this was the last restaurant on earth and would NOT recommend it to anyone who enjoys good food or an enjoyable dining experience.Nice atmosphere with very dim lights.  The lobster and crab mac and cheese is delish.  The spicy pulled chicken empanadas are not too spicy and flavorful.  If you like sweet drinks I would suggest the Salted Caramel Truffle.I would seriously come to this place JUST for the Brussels sprouts....yes, it's that serious...now for the rest of my review... As for everything else....meh. Came here for restaurant week, made reservations of course, super glad we did because on a Thursday the place was SLAMMED! We had to wait by the bar for them to clean a table for us, which was a very tight area with all the people and traffic of servers attempting to do their job. 
So we tried to get our free wine glass at the bar (with our Yelp check in) and were denied due to restaurant week - wahhh! So I ordered a Sangarita - a margarita, with a shot of wine - in hindsight, this sounds disgusting. Needless to say, I fell for the gimmick, and not only was the Malbec floating on my margarita gross, but the drink was 80% sour mix. My friend ordered just a regular margarita, same issue. Sadly the only happy person with their drink was my friend who ordered the bubbly mango drink, which was literally a double shot, NOT a full drink and still $10!
We were finally sat and ordered mixed tapas - Chicken Empanadas, Parmesan Calamari, White Sauce Mussels and CRUNCHY BRUSSELS SPROUTS! As most people mentioned in their reviews, the empandas and sprouts are clear winners with both great flavor and portions. As for the mussels, I don't know what the portion is like normally but we LITERALLY got 6 mussels and a clear bowl TRIPLE the size to dump our shells in. It also brought this sausage that I just did NOT enjoy. The calamari was a good portion, just not much to taste. The peppers on them gave some flavor, but acted more like a garnish, they didn't even bring lemon or a dipping sauce. 
Not very happy with the tapas selection, I was no longer looking forward to my meat and seafood paella. Thankfully, when it came it looked great. The rice was incredibly soft, more like risotto than paella. It brought a nice selection of meats, the chicken was my favorite. Sadly the sausage that was in the mussels was here too and I just could not deal with it. One of my girls ordered the Lobster Mac n Cheese and loved it. Another ordered the Penne chicken piccata and really enjoyed it as well. 
The ambiance was extremely chic and romantic. This is an easy pick for a date spot with its cozy seating and dim lighting, reminds me of many NYC spots. Maybe during restaurant week the quality of food and drinks is better, but I don't know if I would return. Overall the experience was that of a fancy restaurant, small portions, tight areas to sit and slow service. If it wasn't for the mind blowing brussels sprouts, I wouldn't hurry to return.Awesome food/drinks/atmosphere! Been going here for years...never disappoint. DJs from wed-sat, great happy hour 5-7 1/2 price apps, and amazing brunch for Sundays. 
Great place to meet up with friends or bring a date :)Very good food, and most waiters are great. Some need more training. Cocktails are tasty, though on the weaker side and, even during happy hour, are on the pricey side. The tapas were very tasty, and reasonably priced during happy hour. Beware though, the happy hour menu is only available at the bar and in the lounge area, not in the "dining room". Great management too, very responsive !Always a must-go when in the city. Great atmosphere and vibe. Drinks and food are always good. Service is fast and friendly.Came on a Saturday night for drinks and a few small plates. I didn't have any of their cocktails, even though they had a huge list of dozens to choose from. I had a simple vodka soda and my boyfriend had Jack and Ginger. They had just the right amount of alcohol to get our night off to the right start without costing a ton. I think they were only about $8 each. We also ordered their lamb sliders, chicken empanadas, and calamari. Next time I'd skip the chicken empanadas but their lamb sliders and calamari are definitely worth ordering again. The service wasn't anything special and our server didn't really have much to say when I asked about what's good. It seemed like as far as he was concerned he was just there to take an order and get through his shift. Fine with me because we still enjoyed everything, but I took away one star because of this.
We'll definitely be back thanks to their great drinks, food and trendy, intimate vibe which was a great way to start date night.This place is the best.  From the ambiance to the fun drinks to the great Mediterranean food.  The Empanadas are a must get!  We went here for Restaurant week and 3 cpurses for $35 was a great deal.  Oreo Beignets were a great way to finish the meal!  This place will stay in the rotation for me for when I happen to be dining out in Center City.Awesome place.  Been here a bunch and love the roasted squash flatbread and the duck flatbread( please bring the squash flatbread back!,,,) paella is an incredible deal but watch out, it is a lot of food. I wish they could do the endless mimosas for brunch again but I heard from a waitress that they got fined by the city so I guess it is out of their control. I will say this, they have the best damn pancakes in Philadelphia, don't believe me? Try for yourself.We recently ate here for my husband's birthday. Let me say now that we are not foodies by any stretch of the imagination. We try new places once and a while and go out for special occasions, and that's it. That said, all of the plates we ordered here, we've had better somewhere else. Between the two of us, we got the figs in a blanket, bacon wrapped scallops, spicy chicken empanadas, parmesan truffle fries, calamari, and kobe cheesesteak sliders. Everything was pretty meh.Valanni! How have I overlooked you for this long?
I took my family out for my sisters bday dinner and wanted to try something new. So glad we stumbled upon this modern and fun spot. My only complaint was that our table for a party of 5 was small! However, we worked together and could come up with the right amount of room for each wave of tapas.
What we got:
Lamb lollipops
Figs in blankets
Chorizo flatbread
Grilled octopus
Firey potatoes (basically patatas bravas)
Buffalo chicken croquettes
Brussel sprouts
Meat and seafood paella
Oreo beignet
Rum bananas
Cheesecake
We split everything and found ourselves the right amount of full at the end! The stand out favorites were the grilled octopus, brussel sprouts (believe it or not!), and the paella. With that said....everything else was also amazing. I am pretty impressed with Valanni and plan on coming here in the near future with a group of friends. It's a good place to order a lot of interesting dishes and grab a drink before going out on a Saturday. 
Speaking of drinks...the mojitos are bomb! Some of the best I've had in a while!
In summary, I'm digging Valanni. I think it stands out on its own from the current Philly restaurant scene in that it taps into a wide variety of cultural dishes but with its own unique twist. The menu was fun with lots left on it that I would like to try out!Ambience/Decor: Typical full bar with dining seating around it. Spacious enough that you didn't have to knock someone's drink over to get out from the interior.
Service: Terrible, terrible, and terrible. Horrible, horrible, and horrible. This is one of those places in which if you do not order a drink you will get bad service. A water refill will take 15 minutes. People around you who arrived later than will get their food sooner because they ordered drinks. Serves with the mentality that those who do not order drinks will be cheap with tipping, therefore provides bad service. I cannot emphasize this point enough. 
Food: Grilled octopus was disgusting. Not fresh at all and just dipped in olive juice and vinegar with weird bits of 'home fries' over it. Kobe burger was dry and bland. One could probably choke on the bread if no condiments were provided. Fries that came with it were okay. If you're looking for a good seafood paella, then please do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Seafood was 1) not fresh and 2) overcooked.
If there was an option for 0 zero starts, I'd opt for that!Went with a group of four. We were told to order 2-3 tapas per person, and we ended up getting a bunch of small plates of deep fried items that were all either drizzled with or served with a side of the same chipotle mayo. One of the guests remarked how everything looked the same, which was indeed the case. Brown, deep fried, and plain-tasting. Really overpriced, too. Service was exquisitely slow. 
I love varga bar, which is one of its sister restaurants. That's a huge head-scratcher for me, as varga bar has delicious, innovative food for a gastropub. This place, which tries to sell itself as being more upscale, somehow manages to have food that looks and tastes like crappy bar food.Pretty great tapas place in the city! Went here for my bachelorette party actually and they served us really well! I went back with my husband for our birthday dinner! I would recommend this swanky little joint for drinks or dinner for a couple. Not a family place, but more of a couples/friends night out.Food - average to good tapas, some we very over salted.  Octopus was very disappointing - menu described it as octopus with lemon and olive oil, but what came out was a few tiny pieces of octopus with a brown sauce and some sort of thin spaghetti noodles.  Definitely not what any of the five of us were expecting.  Coffee was excellent, as was the Oreo desert.  
Now to the cocktails we had.  WTF.  5 margaritas, ranging from house to Patron & Cointreau and Patron and Grand Marnier.  We were flabbergasted - worst margaritas ever.  We left three no more than half consumed.  Even the cheap mix well tequila margaritas at our local dive / sports bar are better.  The Caipirinha was a complete joke and it's obvious the bartender has never had one.  It was pretty much just  cachaça and granulated sugar - no lime.  The Margarita's also seemed to be lacking any lime flavor, and whatever orange liquor they used was so sparse it gave only the slightest hint of flavor.  Otherwise, pretty much just tequila, water and sugar.  
Service was very good however and when we did finally mention the drinks the waitress did replace them with beer.One of my coworkers has taken on the title of Happy Hour Coordinator (doesn't every office have one of these?), a position of little lucre but great utility for the rest of us. After many long hours researching in the field, his diligence lead us to crown Valanni our Office Happy Hour Spot. Valanni is dead, long live Valanni. 
With half priced drinks and apps, a big, square bar and cozy little tables in nooks nearby, this is an accommodating place for a gaggle of people. They make a mean mojito, with lots of mint and aesthetically pleasing rock candy. When it's cold, I often opt for the frequently-changing seasonal stout (Bell's Expedition and Dogfish Head Chicory, for representative examples). My favorite embarrassingly-named cocktail looks like a trainwreck with three ingredients too many on the menu page, but with a splash of balsamic vinegar to cut its sweetness, it's different and delightful.
The patatas bravas and other bar snacks are a cut above your typical happy hour fare, and the lobster mac n cheese makes my colleagues rave. At a catered party in the back room (which is a nice spot for a party), Valanni really showed its stuff, with an extensive Mediterranean-inflected selection of hors d'oeuvres, plated in single bites on spoons and presented alluringly on a tall rack. Everything I tasted - hummus, white beans with pesto, vegan flatbread, cucumber salad and especially this one feta dip - was well-executed, and I appreciated the balance of vegetarian and dead animal options.
Service here tends to be either exemplary or execrable, and occasionally, that can result in a truly abominable drink. I recommend having your Happy Hour Coordinator spend some time getting to know the bartenders, who now start muddling and mixing as soon as they see our guy walk through the door.OMG the paella, Lobster Mac and cheese and Oreo Beignets- oh so good!!!!! The waitress and staff were so friendly, the atmosphere is elegant. I went here on a girls trip with friends to celebrate my birthday, I was very happy.  I didn't like the mojito at first and the waitress, had it remade with no problems, she even asked me if I would like something else. I would definitely go back when I come back to Philly.I re-visited Valanni for a happy hour a week after my first visit and was truly impressed. Easily one of the best I've been to, because besides offering premium cocktails for $5 and some of their delicious small plates at half price, it extends from 4 to 7. That's pretty refreshing for a city full of happy hours that end about 5 minutes after people can manage to get into the bar after their post-workday commute. I'll be back plenty to take advantage.This is a good place to drop by for a watermelon sangria after work, as they have a decent happy hour. Does Center City Sips on Weds. in summer. I had tappas there recently which were good. I haven't eaten dinner there in two years, so I can't say how it is now, but when I ate there two years ago it was great, probably 4 stars. Seasonal sangria choices which really make my day. I actually liked the place better before they apparently knocked down a wall and doubled the size. I came back this year and realized that the space was completely different. Its a has a lighter, more modern flair now, but to me it feels less like the neighborhood bistro it used to be.Came here for Restaurant Week and had a nice meal. The service was great, and very friendly. We were seated quickly, got courses soon after finishing the one before, and got the check and receipt quickly.
Nice decor, soft lights and decent sized tables. There's an active, kind of loud bar area with dining around it, and a quieter room in the back. The sangria was okay, not terribly tasty or potent. We started with baked brie and black truffle arancini. Both were good but there was no flavor of truffle in the arancini. For entrees we had the scallops and pasta, which were tasty with good portions. Where Valanni shone was the desserts. We had a fantastic oreo beignet and a cinnamon-y gooey apple bread pudding. Yum
I would go back, but might just get dessert.Have always had an issue with slow service when dining here when it's busy. Went to brunch the other weekend and had an amazing meal though. We were the only table so I guess there was no issue with slow service haha. HOWEVER reservation was at 11am, and when I arrived 10 mins early I was told to wait outside and come back at 11. It was 30 degrees outside. Maybe you shouldn't take reservations at 11am if you can't take people arriving a little early? I would have been happy to wait up front or sit somewhere without service but it was a little odd to tell me to wait outside in the freezing cold. Anyway, the yogurt bowl was delicious and huge, and their cheesy grits are insanely good.too bad the chef is great, but the waiters hate women or straight people. If you're not gay you won't get service.Delicious food but definitely a scene... if you're looking for a quiet, intimate venue, this is not your spot.  To be a part of the lively dining scene in Philly, as well as amazing drinks, I would recommend this spot.  Also love the tapas options.I reserved a table at Valanni on a weeknight for a holiday party with some co-workers.  The reservation was made two weeks in advance, and confirmed the day of, but not until 6 pm that evening (reservation was at 8) did I get a phone call telling me that there would be a "muscle show" happening that night.  I probably would have chosen another venue if I had known there was a special event, but whatever.  We arrived with a group of 12 and weren't seated for almost an hour.  I spoke to various hostesses during the wait, all of which gave me different excuses and were generally rather dismissive.  When we were finally seated, the service improved significantly.  Our waiter was attentive and handled the large group well, despite the fact that the restaurant was swarming with nearly naked men in santa hats.  The appetizers and drinks that we ordered were all good, but based on the experience up until that point I doubt I'll ever be going back.Great happy hour place to try! TONS of drink options for $5 or less, including the "Skinny" ones. The must try app is def the Brussels sprouts...sounds odd..but OMG...just give it a try and you'll be blown away! The vegetarian empanadas were meh, the hummus platter was good, the tuna plate didn't have too much flavor. Definitely left full! For 6 appz, 5 drinks it was about $15 a person, pretty nice! Also, it's really nice and cute inside, where it feels loungy but also really cozy!Great little hidden gem!  I checked it out with a friend of mine on a Sunday evening.  The front windows/doors were open and there was a cool breeze blowing through despite the relatively humid day.  
Great selection of tapas and drink list.  Staff were friendly and great for pacing the food so my friend and I could relax and enjoy one another's company without feeling rushed for someone wanting our table.  
I would highlight recommend!Small plates, but everything was delicious and unique! Fantastic service!A bit overpriced for what you get. Some of the portions are microscopic, which would be okay if it were cheaper,  more impressive or innovative.  However,  it is neither of the 3. There are several tapas places in the Ironbound of Newark NJ which can run rings around this place. I renember going to Valanni pre-tapas, and it was a much better restaurant as it was a lot less gimmicky. Good tapas is not easy, in the same way cupcakes invariably taste worse than a slice of a larger cake. It takes grounding in a long tradition of small plates, not just some tricks executed in cut down entrees.My SO took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely lovely. The sleek, modern décor with all its greys and mirrors is chic, yet inviting. I was surprised that it was almost empty when we visited, but it was a Sunday night. Our waiter was extremely prompt and professional. He gave great suggestions and had wonderful taste.
We started the meal with bacon-wrapped scallops in a truffled corn sauce. The scallops were huge and positively silky with just the right amount of salty fat to complement the sweetness of the corn. I also had a white sangria, but I preferred the mango mojito. Valanni makes theirs with mango puree, not juice, creating a richer cocktail. Next I tried the white mussels. They are prepared in a corn broth with cilantro and chorizo and a nice big crostini on top. The mussels were quite mild and a nice option for the warm weather. The tuna tartare was my final tapa and it was delectable. The balsamic soy glaze had a molasses-esque richness and lent the perfect amount of tang to the flawless tuna. The tortilla chip accompaniment is smart since it adds texture. My SO had the pork tenderloin which was cooked to perfection and had a nice fruit relish on top. We finished up with rum bananas which I would have enjoyed more had they not come with a rapidly melting scoop of vanilla ice cream. That aside, our time at Valanni was romantic and exciting. The menu is so versatile and ranges from the pedestrian to the exotic. My favorite non-Garces restaurant in Philly!Paella is always delicious! Free sangria with yelp check in is always a plus. I like that they actually infuse fruits in their sangria! Chicken empanadas for appetizers were surprisingly delicious.What a cringeworthy, hideous place. Meh drinks, awful music and then there's the clientele! Not for me.Went here for brunch and the place was empty (apparently the norm). I'm not exactly sure why because the food was great. Had the lobster waffle (they use a fancier sounding name for it), the crab English muffins (same), and cheesy grits. All three tasted good, but the winner was not surprisingly the Lobster waffle. I will put this place into my rotation.
There was a hair found in my crab muffin dish, but not only did they replace it , they also comped it off the bill. I wasn't expecting that and so they get kudos for great customer service there! Outstanding! 
Server was friendly. 
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars
Wait Time = 4 StarsGreat food and service. Very creative menu--tapas delicious. Warm atmosphere. Would recommend.
L.S.Loved it! Food was delicious and you get a ton! Service was great as well. Atmosphere was good, a little right but it was still fine. A little pricey but well worth it.N and I went for drinks and appetizers. The place filled up pretty quick and we were lucky enough to get to sit at a bar.
Fiery potatoes was amazing. Pulled chicken empanadas and calamari were ok. I ordered Sangarita (margarita with red wine) which was pretty disappointing as i could only taste margarita mixer; it was pretty looking though with red wine floating on top. I had dirty martini and it was pretty good. Happy hour prices were not bad at all.Happy Hour = half priced tapas and drinks = Happy Conference-going Girl!
Their tapas were pretty good. My husband and I ordered: fried calamari, crispy brussel sprouts, "fiery" potatoes, and trio of spreads. 
Fried Calamari = "Anything fried is always good" spoken by my husband. He decided that he just didn't like calamari, so I can't include that tapa on our review.
Crispy Brussel Sprouts = delicious-- doused with balsamic vinaigrette-- yum! (Note: they broiled it differently than I would at my home. They peel off each leave and broil it. So it is like a salad of brussel sprouts-- still good nonetheless.)
Fiery Potatoes = spicy. Very spicy but very good. I loved it even though the roof of my mouth said differently. 
Trio of Spreads = simple but good. Feta cheese, hummus, and something red (paprika I think-- it is pretty bland compared to hummus and feta to my surprise) and several pita bread pieces.   Good choice to combine against fiery potatoes. 
The ambiance in the bar is cute. A lot of mirrors.
ODDITY OF THE REVIEW:
I like their bathrooms. I know it is a bit odd, but I am very impressed with their bathrooms-- they have a cut-out in wall for purses to be placed on instead of the sinks or on the floors. Very thoughtful so with that, I am very impressed with Valanni.Went here for restaurant week 2016. We got here early and decided to sit at the bar before our reservation. Bartender was very friendly and informative about the drinks on the happy hour menu, great happy hour prices too! We then sat down for our three course meal. Everything was delicious and the waiter again very friendly. We had excellent service and wonderful food. Recommended!I love the Vallani happy hour the signature drinks are a bit sweet for my taste but are delicious nonetheless. Drinks are half-price and so are a few of their small plates.
Since drinks that cost 10-13 dollars are a bit out of my price range at this point an opportunity to pay half is nice. The small plates have never blown me away but suffice as an after work bite.
The staff is friendly and happy hour is great. Stop in for drinks during happy hour, especially if you are on a budget and want a treat.I came in with a friend on 01/18 to check out Restaurant Week 2016.  I ordered the brussel sprouts starter, scallop entree, and Oreo beignet aka fried Oreo dessert.  All three were great and perfectly portioned, I left full.  My friend ordered the figs in a blanket starter, chicken entree, and bread pudding dessert.  He was very happy with all three as well.  I personally feel that my entree was a bit better than his, if anyone reading this is torn between the two ;) but we swapped bites of each other's food and the chicken was still very, very good!
Reese was our server and he was that perfect mix of personable (outgoing, talkative, humorous) and professional (attentive, knowledgeable, helpful) that you want to find in every server.  It wasn't packed so it could be that he had more time to stop than normal, but it was really appreciated and we had a great time talking to him.  Reese also gave us some great recommendations for drinks.  My friend and I both started with a drink special they're running at the moment, some kind of black cherry cosmo, which was delicious.  For round 2, my friend got the About Thyme cocktail and said it was more sour than he expected but he still enjoyed it.  I got the X...Boyfriend?  Or X-Husband.  I can't remember actually :( whichever one has passion fruit and blood-orange in it.  It was awesome and my favorite out of all of them. 
In addition to Reese, the rest of the staff was also very friendly and welcoming, from the hostess to the food runners.  I'll definitely be back to try more of their cocktails and other dishes.Came here for a Date night on a Saturday was very loud with people talking and music. Great for Drinks and their signature Brussel Sprouts also liked the pita trio. We wanted to keep it light so we tried the Caesar salad and the cheesesteak sliders and didn't particularly think either one was very flavorful. Great presentation and tase in the truffle fries. Overall  good food and ambiance.Came here for restaurant week..was one of the few options open for a Friday night...reservation at 630p..husband and I got seated at the back of the restaurant at a table without table ware without candles and rocky cushion chair when there was at least 10 tables ahead of us open that were properly prepared for guests..we were hoping there was a huge reservation coming in but hope.....ironically there were only Asians in this room...and we are also Asian...the waitress was nice enough and eventually noticed we had nothing on our table and eventually brought us stuff..despite the other reviews we got our food pretty quickly...food was decent portions ..paella seemed too saucy..lamb burger was ok...I guess we didn't meet criteria for their club scene atmosphere..Gluck future diners!Come here if you are a money-lusting yuppie, the cocktails are 10 dollars and all you get is iceSo another bad night at Valanni  2nd within just a few weeks of returning for dinner. Firstly, I am one of those people who usually don't complain, but I feel I have to write and let others know of my experience of late at Valanni.   I don't get what is going on at Valanni as of late. Last visit I had to send back two martinis for the same reason, the cocktail shaker must not been cleaned out (rinsed) and tasted of something very, very sweet and as I said, happened twice that night! Service was also mediocre that visit. So I put that experience down to a busy night, new server and really I didn't want to make dinner date uncomfortable. So last night, I returned (I've been going to Valanni since they opened, DAY 1.) I booked my table well in advance and requested a table near the window, if possible as it was my date's birthday, a 7:30 reservation. Arrived and was seated right next to the kitchen door and a party of 14 earlier 20 something's who could have been any louder if they had tried. Again, I was with a date on a special occasion didn't want to cause a scene. I was hoping for a leisurely meal and an opportunity to spend a great evening with my date.   Ordered a Grey Goose with olives, it arrived as sweet as a Cosmo. It was replaced. My starter was great, the seafood flatbread and my date had a wonderful salad, Boston Bibb and Blue cheese.  I ordered another Grey Goose with olives and had to return it also as came out as a very Bad martini. My waiter, Scott ,convinced me to go with the GRILLED 8oz FILET- I ordered the steak medium rare it arrived medium well and almost burned on the outside, it was returned and I ordered another grey goose with olives and you guessed it, had to be returned, it was sweet. The waiter blamed the barman "he's new". I was so upset; I almost contacted the owner of the restaurant. His profits were being poured down the drain. To end on a high note, the seconded streak that was served was excellent, medium rare with delicious mushrooms and a red wine reduction. So please let the staff know if you food or drinks are not up to par.  You are paying for good food and expensive drinks.  I will probably go somewhere different next time.Came here by chance after walking around Philly.  Cocktails were great.  Bartender knew how to make a whiskey sour perfectly.  Had the cheese plate which was superb.  Good variety of cheeses and the fig jam and spicy honey were spot on.  Ordered the scallops with porcini mushrooms and garlic mash potatoes. Wait service was superb.  Next time I need to try the octopus.We had reservations for 2 and 7:30 on a Saturday night. We were seated on time yet it took 15 mins for a waiter to come over and get drink orders. He explained it took so long because there was a mix up on with server had our table which was a good excuse to me. It took over 10 mins to come over and pour water. I thought the water was infused because it looked cloudy but it was just regular water. Food was ordered before our cocktails made it to the table. Finally we had enough and told the hostess we were leaving and explained why. We frequently visit Mercato, their sister restaurant, and this experience was nothing like Mercato! Despite never tasting the food we won't be back.This place is under-appreciated, I think because it has such highly esteemed restaurant neighbors.  But don't overlook Valanni.  They have a fabulous happy hour special - basically everything good on the menu is available at happy hour. The drinks are well-balanced, and their paella is out of this world. Fun spot, not to be missed.Live right down the street and finally got around to going for brunch service. Dope spot. Very beautiful, chic, and modern interior. Outside seating for when the weather is right. Limited draft list (Victory, Philadelphia brewing) but the food is excellent. Highly recommend the braised short rib omelette, oh my god the ribs are so juicy and succulent.Three hour happy hour, 4-7 on a Friday night. I like. I also liked the extensive happy hour menu: Any $10 drink was $5. Does that mean I can double my mojito and martini intake? We thought so. Drinks were ALL excellent (and we had quite a few between four people), ex-boyfriend was my favorite.
Between the four of us, we really enjoyed our time here. Loved the vibe and atmosphere, especially with the holiday decor. Everything we got was delicious...the Chorizo flatbread was a little greasy and the mussels too spicy for me (but I'm a wimp), but everyone, including my picky BF and sister, enjoyed their meals!
Overall, I enthusiastically recommend the Medi-Latin plate (phenom) and Shitake Polenta. 
We will definitely be back. In fact, we are planning on hitting Valanni up for NYE. Can't wait.Everything was delicious! Great service too! Went for restaurant week and ordered the polenta dish as an app and the Brie as an app. For the main course, we had the pasta of the day which was rigatoni in a white, cream sauce with shrimp, tomatoes and spinach. Also had the seafood and meat paella. That was my favorite.The Buffalo Chicken Croquettes and Spicy Chicken Empanadas are a must. Portions are decent size and good for sharing. Service was a bit slow and there were issues with the credit card machine but I definitely recommend giving it a try.Loved it. Five of us walked in without a reservation at about 7:30 on a Saturday night. Not the greatest idea. We managed to secure the last five seats at the bar and decided to eat there rather than waiting the hour and a half it would've taken to get a table.
The bartender was attentive and helpful even though it took us forever to decide what we were eating. Our food came out much faster than I expected it to for how busy the place was. A friend and I split three of the tapas plates, another friend got something that he loved (bad reviewer - I totally forget what he got!), and the other couple got the HUGE Medi-Latin plate. They couldn't even finish it. I loved the tuna tartare! Amazing! Everything else was delicious too, but I'd go back just for the tuna tartare.
I had a boring bourbon and water to drink, but I tried the Gin-esais Quoi and the Rock Hard Mojito. Both amazing!
All in all, it's a great place for food or cocktails... but make a reservation if it's prime dining time!