Vango has pretty much become my primary spot in Philly once Walnut Room closed (R.I.P.) - and I'm talking before the re-branded Ten Six travesty.  Since then, they've started charging a cover (because they knew they would get the fall out from Walnut Room (i.e. people looking for hip-hop, reggae, trap, Top 40, etc. in Center City West).  But I always have a great time here.  They always have great DJs spinning and when the place is packed, it's always a good time.  It's a great venue for Sips but also great on Friday and (especially) Saturday night.  I had to bump the score down because the bartenders automatically add a %20 gratuity to your drink purchase.  That's really lame.  So if one of the bartenders I don't know is making my drink, I just tip ONE DOLLAR in cash.  That's a very shady practice... no bueno.  Otherwise, great spot.I wish more than anything on this planet I could give this business a negative three million stars. My boyfriend and I were invited to a friends party on the rooftop for a QUOTE VIP UNQUOTE section. We get there and they ask us to pay a $10 cover charge. This didn't make much sense because our friends party which we explain & luckily are not forced to pay. We get upstairs and to get on the rooftop you MUST have a paid drink in your hand. So my boyfriend and I spend $26 just to get to our friends party. It doesn't matter if you don't want to drink you just HAVE to. We get up there and there's literally no space. Our VIP section is right next to the the kitchen/no entry room/waitress walking area and we have a large group so we were reprimanded many times for standing in their way even though we had no space to begin with so whatever we do what they say. We decided to order a hookah & food and got a table.  We opened a tab and later in the night some other people from the party joined our table. A girl sitting with us was caught sneaking alcohol in her purse. They searched her purse and confiscated the alcohol & scolded all of us for one persons choice. The manager moments later came back and told us he usually kicks people out for that but since "we" were apart of the party we were allowed to stay. I don't understand why he forced her mistake on us but we all just nodded and continued on. I swear to god three seconds after he walks away the not even mentionable in this story waitresses approached us and told us that the two people with open tabs were being FORCED to spend $100 no matter what to stay. I don't know what this bar thinks it is but it's one of the biggest waste of money, time, & should not be given your hard earned money. Also, there's no speakers on the roof. I could go on forever, but please avoid this place like the plague it is.Worst service ever! Been waiting for over 30 minutes! No drink no nothing been standing at bar!  DO NOT GO HEREI've been coming to Vango for Monday night salsa lessons off and on for 2 and a half years, and while there are definitely some things I don't love about vango, the open dance floor always brings me back.
Things I like:
-There's no cover & Monday night salsa lessons/the open dance floor are free
-They have a great rooftop bar (which I've only ever gotten up to twice)
-There's a mix of pros and newbies so all levels are welcome (especially for women)
Things I don't like: 
-No free tap water so you have to buy a 4 dollar 12oz bottle of VOSS "artesian" water. 
-Some of the guys there (including the instructor) are creepy and will try to rub up against youWent on a Tuesday at 11:00pm with a $25 voucher. Place was pretty dead. Setting is okay, service okay. Food/Price was okay.  Everything was just - okay. Not horrible but not amazing. They played hip hop music and offered us poll dancing which I readily declined. I did not get a drink since I was driving, my mom did and it was a special drink for $4. I got tuna tempera roll and spring rolls. They were pretty good, I would not come here just for the food (I know better sushi places) but if you to go on a week day when its slow for some food with a dance floor it seems okay. They do add a 20% tip, I knew this ahead and told my mom because she would not have noticed. There is NO WHERE does it say tip is added to bill, normally you will find that in the menu small at the bottom, so I can see where people get  pissed. Specially since its not standard practice on small parties and your server does not mention it. I think they do it on purpose to get drunk people to tip them double, low low low.....Still a solid 2 stars.. they're not quite bad enough to be a 1 star, but DEFINITELY not a 3 star either. 
It's so unfortunate because it's such a lovely location. But they have some serious work to do.. they have a lot of potential but they need to do something about it. 
Ambiance:
2 stars -- when you walk in when it's not crowded.. there's a weird smell to it. It doesnt smell BAD per-se, but it just smells old.. like a lotta philly spots. +1 star for sitting outside during beautiful weather. It's not high enough to see the beautiful philly skyline, but it's not bad.
Service: 1.5 stars. I wish I got her name, but it was a shorter brunette caucasian server that worked that night. She took almost 12-15 minutes to get our order. Yes we had a groupon -- but that doesn't mean that I wouldn't have tipped her well. Anyway -- she took forever to come to us to take our order. She kept saying " I'll be right back" and would service the couple next to us, and the guys with cigars next to us. thanks...
But yeah, if you couldn't tell.. her service was terrible. 
Food/Drinks
For groupon price -- COMPLETELY worth it.
Without groupon -- NO. 
The sushi is honestly very good! It's fresh, presentation was great, and it tasted great. But for the price of $14 + per roll -- not worth it. Because the quality was no better than vics/fat salmon or anything.
Drinks were very good -- I was totally a fan of those. I left pretty tipsy off of 3 drinks. OH yes i just remembered. YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR A DRINK TO GET UPSTAIRS. So that made sitting upstairs + groupon not as worth it.. but it's okay :)
Overall -- awesome for groupon deal. terrible service. good food, good drinks. just not worth the pricetagCame here for a friend's bday. When I got here (I wanna say 11-ish), I was considering leaving cause it was kinda lame.  Not many people.  And it was a Friday night...I was surprised.  Turns out it's the best thing I could have done.
Word of advice: if you wanna get to the best spot in the bar (i.e. the rooftop lounge), do what I did and get here earlier than the crowd.  There wasn't a line and we got right up.  We did already have drinks so I'm sure if we didn't, they would have made us buy them before going up because that seems to be the general consensus in all the reviews.  Also, my drink (whiskey sour) was made perfectly, not like that's hard to fuck up but I've been places where they just got it all wrong.  The bartenders here seemed to know what they were doing.
The music was better upstairs and the bar wasn't as packed as the one downstairs.  The DJ and bar is inside and if it's too cold or hot outside, it's nice that they have this little area to escape to.  It was a chilly night, but the heat lamps outside really do help.  Plus, they have a bathroom up there so you don't have to go back downstairs.  That was nice.
Overall, I'd come here again only if it was a friend's birthday because: A) I could get cheaper drinks elsewhere (our tab was pretty high by the night's end) and B) the crowd of leering/grabbing men was a bit annoying.
The rooftop is a really nice touch and you can't get that anywhere else in the city (that I know of), so if you wanna chill out on some couches/mattresses and view the Philly skyline at night, go here.Went here with a living social deal..  We got there early on a Friday night around 7:30 PM.  It was a different scene to be able to hang out on the sofa cushions they have set up in the back but the view of the Philly skyline is awesome.  Also the sushi is surprisingly awesome and even more awesomely priced.  Some of the cocktails are little off... I specifically ordered a chocolate martini sounding drink and it was god awful.  But frankly for the food prices and the vibe, I'd go there again.I also bought the Travelzoo special and wish I would've read the reviews first.  The food was ok, but they served the drinks in plastic which doesn't seem quite right when drinking a $14 glass of champagne. They added 20% on for gratuity even though there were only two of us in our party.  They told me I needed to use the online system to make a reservation.  I used PayPal, which was recommended and when I arrived they had no record of my deposit.  I checked my credit card today and they charged $21 over the signed amount on my receipt!  I will not return and recommend NOT going here.The roof top is actually really cool and the happy hour prices are good. The food was decent I had the sweet shrimp tempura and calamari which was meh. My fiancé had the burger and sushi which he actually really enjoyed. Fries are great also! 
Be mindful though the two of us were charged 20% gratuity. Service was great and I would have actually tipped more but I don't agree with charging a gratuity (if its not a large group) and especially not when you're not notified--thankfully he caught it on the receipt.Very nice decor and set up. Rooftop scene is pretty nice. I can definitely see why people would want to come. However, I'm not sure why I always let me friends talk me into going. Quality of drinks do not match the prices. Door service is abysmal (even though I don't expect great service from bouncers). On one particular Saturday I showed up early (9:30p) because I had gotten back from a trip earlier than expected. At the entrance, bouncer said its a $10 cover at 10p. We mentioned that its currently 9:30p so why would we have to pay a cover now? His response: "I don't set the prices," and still demanded the cover charge 30 minutes early. Whatever.
Again, the decor is nice and they do have Japanese and Italian beer. Unfortunately, the service, crowd, and overall vibe is nothing to rave about. Much better nightlife options.Location, location, location! Vango is blessed with fantastic real estate. The rooftop has great views of the skyscrapers. Walking upstairs to get to the club itself is a cool experience, with recessed lighting and ornamental vodka bottles. The vibe inside reminds me of an upscale lounge or dance club and I was very grateful not to pay a cover on a Saturday night. That being said, the drinks and service are pretty normal for a club-- you do have to shout so the bartenders can hear you and the drinks, while inventive, are NOT cheap (which is why there's no cover, I'm sure). However, the experience was marred somewhat by the fact that you have to have a drink to get upstairs, which was annoying when I discovered that there was a bar up there anyway. Even though the place seemed like it should have been bumping late on a Saturday, there really wasn't a crowd (yes, it was raining, but even the indoor dance floor didn't have many people on it).I like this place more for its atmosphere than its food. Really nice place for a date. It has a private eating area, stripper pole, bar upstairs and down, and after you eat you can party or just chill on the roof. THey have it set up so you can go on the roof in cold weather. However you need a drink in hand to get upstairs and to eat their u MUST make reservationSome notes before reading:
I went here for their Birthday Thursday promotion (Free champagne and cake with $25 reservation [that goes toward your tab] and/a minimum 4 people with you).
It was a Thursday night.
I made a reservation in advance and paid a non-refundable $25 whether I showed up or not, which is clearly stated when you make the reservation.
I had SUCH a wonderful time here. Marissa was the hostess, she greeted us when we came in and really was a professional since the minute we walked in the door. It was not busy this night (I mean, it's a Thursday night in the winter at 9 pm), we were seated right away and got a drink order. We did not eat here because we had eaten already so I cannot comment on the food. The DJ was so accommodating and after requesting an artist he played 3 songs from him (Frank Ocean) which is unheard of. I was so excited, really made my birthday. The hostess brings out a cake which was really quite delicious and a bottle of champagne to celebrate the birthday. I thought this was a really nice touch and good way to get people in the door.
I can't comment on a weekend or when the place is busy, but we had a blast here. I think the hostess and DJ really made the night for us, which is why I gave the experience 5 stars. We didn't get to the rooftop, it opens after a certain time but I think they would have let us if we asked since it was a slower night. It's a shame because I hear it's nice and have been wanting to see it.This place is horrific with high prices. I was there last Saturday night with a buddy of  mine. We sat at the bar to have a drink. After the first round my buddy decided to go upstairs to check it out. When he tried to go upstairs the bouncer informed him that he needed to have a drink to go upstairs. Well when he returned the bartender had already taken his glass so he asked for a glass of ice water. The bouncer told him that he still was not allowed to go up because he was only drinking ice water?!? Are you kidding me?!? Of course we see several young attractive women go up there without a drink but that is besides the point. I tell my friend let's go this is a no-class place for kids that don't know any better. That's when the bouncer decides to get in my face and threaten to kick my ass outside. Well I've outgrown this kind of testosterone driven kind of reaction and needless to say we left. Pretty scary when the bouncers are looking for a fight. Not too worry. Places like this will probably have a fight break out, someone will get hurt, and they will probably have their liquor license revoked for encouraging people to get drunk so they can go upstairs. 
Walk away people. This place doesn't deserve to be in business.What a monumental waste.  My boyfriend and I went here simply because they had a Groupon Now deal for dinner - $20 for $40 worth of food.  The menu looked interesting so we decided to check it out.  We waited about 10 minutes after we arrived to be seated, while being chided about not having reservations.  It was EMPTY.  Our waitress had no idea what the Groupon was.  She had to go talk to the manager about what it meant.  We understood - we get $40 worth of food, of course booze not included.  Anything more we would pay.  We get it.  We went to college.  
Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time.  We ordered our food first.  i got the pork dumplings and chicken salad.  He got the calamari and short ribs.  I guess I should have specified which things would come out together, even though I ordered my salad to be the entree, because nothing came out together.  The calamari came out first, then dumplings, then my "salad" (more on that, promise) and then his dinner.  We both were too polite to let the other wait to eat, so we both ate alone.  I ordered a Stoli Vanilla and diet coke, which came completely flat.  Like an opened bottle of soda sitting out for a few days flat.  This was of course the point when the waitress disappeared.  It took her about 20 minutes to return, and had a the audacity to not be upset that my drink was flat.  She didn't say, "oh my gosh I'm so sorry let me get you another one."  Nope, she had to go talk to her manager, again.  I did get a new drink, and it was slightly more fizzy, but I figured it was my best shot so I stuck with it. 
The seating was terrible.  The couches had a loungy vibe, which would have been fun if we were sitting with friends having drinks, but it was awful for dinner.  the tables were too high for the couches.  I practically had to kneel on the couch to reach my food.  
Now to the food - boyfriend liked the calamari.  I cannot vouch for it because I'm allergic.  My dumplings were tasty.  He liked the short ribs, which came with wasabi mashed potatoes.  My salad was atrocious.  There was maybe one cup of lettuce and the rest was super greasy tempura chicken.  I'm talking like 3 cups worth of chicken.  
Then we get the bill.  They took off the Groupon properly, but they had the balls to charge us a 20% tip!  That was listed nowhere on the menu.  We would not have been that generous, as she was completely absent and not helpful when she was there.  I wish we could have gotten a tip refund.    Definitely will not be returning.This was my second time at Vango... well third if you count the one time at Sips we stayed for about 10 minutes before leaving (that's another story).
I had a TravelZoo voucher for 3 sushi rolls and 4 glasses of wine or cocktails, so the man and I decided to venture to the roofdeck one warm night.  I made a reservation online and paid the $25 deposit (which I find ridiculous in the first place), but when we got there the manager guy couldn't find us on the list (which surprised me considering there were about 3 other people total in the place).  I finally pulled up my confirmation from PayPal (for the $25 deposit...) and he magically found our names on the list.  Ta Da!
He then escorted us upstairs, only to find there were no tables outside ready for us... so we sat at the bar, only to find that we couldn't use our drink vouchers at the bar.  Hello rock--Hello hardplace, it appears I am stuck between you both.
After two overpriced rounds of drinks (although I think the super nice bartender gave us the happy hour prices because she felt bad for us), we were finally seated.  The ambiance is wonderful up there, although the fouton couches are a touch too comfy--i could have passed out right at the table (perhaps that was the two rounds of drinks talking?)
We ordered our sushi and drinks, and both came out pretty quickly.  The sushi wasn't anything to write home about, and I'm pretty sure the fried calamari was straight from the freezer into the deep fryer........ but it was alright.
The reason I gave 3 instead of 2 stars is because of the servers-- our bartender and waitress were both so wonderful.
All in all, it's a mediocre bar with mediocre food, however sitting up the roofdeck *kind of* makes up for it.  I don't plan on going back unless theres another sweet deal online.... but even then i'm not so sure.Absolutely hate this place!!!  I told myself I would never come here again but my cousin was having his birthday party here so I decided to come. 
I opened a tab and ordered 2 drinks and 3 shots. I received a $116 bill. Me being a little tipsy, I signed the receipt and handed the bartender $25. 10 seconds later I was thinking about what I order so I asked the bartender for an itemized bill. The bartender stated she didn't know how to print it out. My original bill was just a price. When I asked for the manager, she miraculously knew how to print one out. She rang me up for 5 shots and 3 drinks. BUT THATS NOT THE KICKER!!!  Not only did she charge me 25% gratuity, but they charged me 20% "Open Tab Fee" ???  Yes, they charged me 25% for just opening a tab!!  I spoke to the owner and explained how illegal that was and demanded the extra drink get taken off and also my tip returned. The owner stated that it was nothing he could do because it was already closed out. Luckily for me, my brother (who works for Liquor Control) explain to him that it was illegal and he took off the extra drinks and returned my tip. BEWARE AND STAY FAR AWAY!!the place itself is not bad, but the bouncers and manager are a joke. be prepared for them to tell you to buy a new drink every time you want to get past them and treat you with disrespect. powertrippin, guess they like to pretend they work in a lounge in NY, LA, Vegas?
this place needs to do itself a favor and get rid of these douchebags or close down.I don't know if Jay actually is employed there or if he teaches for fun... But.come for salsa night! He's great at what he does and doesn't make you feel awkward if you mess up at all! 
The food was okay. The sushi was good but some of the cooked food was undercooked the one time I went for food. Will try again though.hate this place.  everyone who works at this establishment is so RUDE!!.  you get inside but to go to the second level you have to have a drink in your hand.  The drinks are over priced and watered down.  the first floor is usually empty so you want to go upstairs.  You buy an overpriced drink get up there and realize that the second floor is just as whack as the first floor but much smaller.  So you step outside and the view of the city is just a view of the neighboring buildings.  There are white couches for VIP so sit on but I would never pay for VIP in a club like thisBesides from being a wonderful aesthetic, and a vibe that you don't find in some "swanky" bar/ lounge in Philadelphia, My experiences was ruined by the snide remarks of the bartender on 2/3/2013 .
Ms. "Keeper of The Mojitos aka Alysia  (with a wink). Informed me in a very condescending tone that " Even though these Mojitos are free, Tips are appreciated." I then asked her to say that again to me , only because I wanted to make sure that she was informing me about the rules of gratuity. She again informed me again, and I replied. "Of course , we are not Cave Men." I tried not to let her horrible decision of customer service "banter" ruin my evening. But, as I my white counterparts, and friends of mine went to get their " Even though these Mojitos are free, Tips are appreciated." Mojitos . They were not informed as my group of friends and I . 
The night wasn't a total lost. I end up networking with some really great people, and a few of them had recognized me from various performances I do around the city . Word to the wise Ms. Condescending  "Keeper of The Mojitos aka Alysia  (with a wink). You should be either "nice" or a "bitch" to all your patrons in the future.You know keep it even. Tell me how that works out for you. Also, be nicer to the non - white patrons in you aspiring bartender future. They might not be as cordial as I.
Cheers !
P.S. DJ Dennis was incredible.  I enjoyed the hour and a half of  the set I heard. I would of definitely  of loved to move to the sounds, on a different night .I like the set up of the place even though the place does not attract the right types of people. Drinks are very expensive. And the stripper pole in the middle does not do the place any justice in terms of trying to attract the right people. I like the booths they have which gives you still a private area for your group but yet you can still see everything thats going on. They had salsa dancing classes on a Thursday night when I went one time. They also card you at the door.Low-brow dive, shady characters behind and at the bar, rumors of mob ties, fights, pros..utes, just a seedy sad den of Satan situated in City CenterI would not recommend dinning at this place. Service was poor as the waitress did not check on us often and I felt like she forgot about us. I got a hamburger and while it was good, they charged us two dollars for one slice of tomato and one leaf of lettus. Had they told us they were charging that much, we would not have gotten it. They also charged us gratuity in advance for a party of just two. Since I saw that they already gave themselves a twenty percent gratuity I did not leave a tip. When I checked my credit charges the next day I saw that they had giving themselves an additional gratuity charge after I left and had already signed their recept . I had even crossed out the tip line to prevent this. Will never go back to this dump.Only thing I love about this place was the sky lounge on the roof.I randomly popped into Vango by chance last night with my girlfriends. Upon walking in I was immediately taken by the set up of the bar, it was beautiful. In the center of the bar there was this amazing chandelier of glasses. In addition, they have this huge rooftop deck with an amazing view AND heaters!!!! The music was great, food (spicy tuna and cheeseburger) delicious, drinks strong, and such friendly staff. I couldn't have asked for more on my night out. Can't wait for my best friend to visit me so I can bring her here! 
PS if you want to get really wild, try the zombie!I am an area event planner and helped coordinate a friend's joint bachelor/bachelorette party. I had made arrangements with the manager and followed up a couple of times leading up to the evening of the party. 
With a guest list of about 40 people pre-submitted and the word that we would have a private area reserved for us on the roof, we were ready to party! The ladies arrived, the staff seemed unsure of what was going on even though the manager I spoke with was there to greet us at the door...but we still all proceeded to go upstairs anyway. We attempted to sit on the beds on the roof and were told they were reserved for bottle service only. We were a bit peeved since there wasn't much of an area reserved for us, but we brushed it off and awaited the bachelor party's arrival...and this is the part where I say, 
"I WILL NEVER CONTACT OR SOLICIT VANGO AGAIN AND WILL BE SURE TO LET OTHERS KNOW HOW POOR THE SERVICE IS HERE" 
...they refused to let the bachelor party of 11 guys up to the roof deck, insisted they wait in line, treated us like we weren't important enough because we didn't pay to have bottle service (by the way, there was no mention that bottle service was required for us to reserve the space for our party beforehand), and pretty much let us know that if the rest of our party wasn't willing to wait, we could leave...that's about 40 people spending at least $50-$60/each on drinks, if not more. They made it clear that they didn't want our money and didn't care to accommodate us even though arrangements were confirmed and made beforehand. 
As we proceeded to leave, one of the girls in our party forgot to close out her card...she went to run back up to the roof deck and the security and staff REFUSED to let her go back up to get her card. 
Needless to say, this bar has overpriced drinks, extremely poor service, and is nothing more than a washed up club.Let's sum up my night.
I walked in, sat at a table and was told I needed bottle service.  Then I was told I needed 2 bottles because we had 7 people.  I said no and the waitress told me too bad I need to charge you.  I said no way, she went back and gave me my card.  2 days later i get an alert from amex that there was a suspicious 630 dollar charge on my card.  Sure enough, the stole from me.Overpriced drinks in a terrible location as the roof is surrounded by taller buildings and only 2 floors up. They won't let you see how bad it is without overpaying for a poorly made drink first. The whole place also needs a thorough cleaning.What a joke. Philly has some great restaurants, but as a former New Yorker, I really miss the cool rooftop hotel restaurants of Manhattan. When I heard that Vango has a rooftop dining experience, I was psyched. Whatever. It was more like a poorly designed wannabee rooftop with something that looked like twin beds with ill-fitting Walmart sheets on them. 
Bathroom is a complete dive. 
The food was really uneventful (and I'm being nice) and they had the audacity to add a 20% gratuity to our check (two people, mind you. Not 6-8 people) without indicating anywhere that they would be doing that. If we'd not paid attention to the bill, we would have tipped twice. The dessert portions are about $1 worth of food for $8. I will NEVER go here again. 
Waste of good money and time.If I could give this zero stars I would. We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday here last night. I ordered bottle service to get access to the VIP area on the roof top.  One bottle allows you access to only 5 people and with the cheapest bottle at $300 it seemed overpriced. However we ended up buying 4 bottles and had a hard time with the bouncers letting people up. Our guests were stopped at the 2nd floor asked to buy a drink before being allowed access to the rooftop even though we had bottle service. One of our guests didn't make it upstairs though we spent over $1200 on drinks only. My boyfriend had to go downstairs a few times to ensure our guests made it upstairs. This place is disorganized and poorly managed. The bouncers are rude and the manager Dave wasn't flexible at all and a bit clueless. The only upside to this night was Sloan our waitress-she was amazing! However, I will guarantee that I will not give these people my money again!If you love the strong scent of desperation, then you'll love this place. You can't even look around the room, because every person you glance at will lock eyes with you and stare you down like they're sizing up their next meal. I was there with 3 other people and we all experienced it. The drinks were expensive, the music was the audio equivalent of watching an episode of "Two and a Half Men" and the general look of the patrons was last-call chic (lots of boobies, sparkles and hair product).Have been to Vango a few times. My most recent experience was on a Saturday night. Now i am use to the no cover/must buy drink to get upstairs routine..I dont agree with it, but recognize they want people to buy drinks and then sip on them in line so by the time you get upstairs you need another round. In my previous experiences the down stairs played more background music, while the upstairs played music more familiar to the masses, however on this night both floors was playing the generic background music. The bad music, dead crowd, and $6 dollar beer, i have no incentive to return to this place.Great place to come and dance with friends or make new friends to dance withSadly, I will not be back to Vango! I was very disapointed by several things. Very Smoky, Too crowded, and over priced! 
Positives- DJ was OK (not great, but it got people dancing) , bartender was fast with the drinks (once she got our order that is).  
Not sure why there is still smoking in bars in Philadelphia since they passed the ban of smoking in public.  I guess there is a loop hole becasue the owners also own the Hookah bar next door, Byblos.The owner really needs to train his staff. Their customer service is the absolute WORST!!! Especially the man with dreads guarding the stairs to the patio.Beautiful club but... I went there on a Tues night for a girls night and pole lessons. There was maybe 3 other people when we got there and no one to teach the lessons. Also, their $3 drink special on Tues starts at 9 and they don't tell you that till after you order and get your drinkOverpriced for what they have to offer. Cover charge was $10. You must get a drink on their main floor before being granted access to their top floor bar with the sky lounge. The building itself is only 3 stories so not much of a view besides clouds. Drinks were pricy $13-15 per mixed drink. The DJ was good but the crowd was slightly young and it was strange how their restaurant was open and serving families food in the vip section.Drinks are overpriced, but the music is good. I didn't understand why we had to buy a drink in order to go up to the rooftop. Contrary to what other reviews have said, our server was really nice. Security was super hostile for no reason. Would I go back? Ehh, maybe but it's not at the top of my list.Let me begin by questioning the outrageously overpriced "bottle service."  If an establishment is going to charge $200 for a lukewarm bottle of Veuve, at least make sure the glasses are 1)devoid of lipstick 2)not chipped and 3) full.  If the bartender gives herself a 20% gratuity for this service should she not fill the glasses at least once?  This was for "service" at the bar for a party of, yes, FOUR!
Smoking is allowed.  Even by the bartender BEHIND the bar.  Enough said.
Sushi??--The fish was dry, and not at all imaginative.  Stick to infused vodka dearie.  
Why exactly did the genius cut holes in the wall for Goose only to have the labels facing away.  Perhaps because Grey Goose has the sense to NOT want to be associated with Vango.
Venture to the roof deck, if you can get past the bouncer that is, to a virtually vacant upstairs.  But wait!!  You MUST have a drink in hand(or a bottled water) to get past the bouncer.  Sorry, we just finished our champagne at the bar and dropped $240, but I need a drink in hand??? We do as told, sheep that we are, only to now have to wait in line for 10 minutes.
At last, the promised land, for what my friend has convinced me must be a place of gold and candy.  We waited in line downstairs to immediately find a place at the bar.  Strange to have to wait in line.  Thirty or so guests were out on the deck.  Create a line and there must be something wonderful everyone is waiting for, right?
Now don't judge me too harshly, but Irish Car bombs were ordered.  I know, I know...  For those of you who have had them, this concoction usually takes two hands one to hold the Guinness and one to hold the shot of Baileys/whiskey.  Into the Guinness goes the Bailey's, glass and all.  Oh no!!  The glass doesn't fit in the beer glass and only manages to spill beer on my dress.  Don't serve it if you don't have the glassware to accommodate the drink.  It was delicious though, if only because I was the one to mix it.
After ordering a round of drinks, my friend decided she did not like her Midori Margarita.  Now, I love margaritas, and Midori being introduced into the drink sounds disgusting to me, but it was on the menu as a specialty drink.   I have never sent a drink back, but when I asked the bartender if she could get my friend something else.  No, was her answer because the owner was watching.  Really??  Let him watch.  He should be accommodating his guests, not watching to make sure the bartenders don't comp a drink that a guest doesn't like.
I have visited Vango, four times, and every experience has gotten progressively worse.
Vango, don't try to be something your not, a restaurant, a club, a lounge.  Which one, I wonder.Great roof top deck, yet poor service. Vango is a little bit over-rated some weekends are slow and some are busy. The food I ordered and waited for took a while to come out over 40 minutes.One of my favorite clubs in philly! Food, drinks and service are phenomenal! Dress nice and go see and be seen. Absolutely love the roof top!****Ok it is OFFICIAL, Vango sucks sweaty hairy b@LLS!!! **** I HATE this place more than I HATE Casey Anthony or perhaps the 49ers!!! 
Coming back home from California, I decided to give this place a 2nd chance. My complaint is about the service. The bouncer and management are rude, unprofessional, and liars! 
Scenario 1: Thurs Night March 22, 2012 so call "BIRTHDAY Thursday"
-My friend and I walked down stars to see what the dance scene is like. After one minute, literally 1min!!, We decided to walk back up to the roof, the bouncer said we had to order a drink. Our drinks are over half full and he knew when just barely walked down. 
-OK fine, we killed our drinks, and I ordered another fresh drinks for both of us. Proceeded to walk back up, same stupid bouncer said I can't go up but my friend can. WTF????...I asked what was his problem and his response was "You didn't pay for your drink, you got it for free"  OH HELLLLLL NO!, 1rst of all, I did pay for my drink, in-fact, for all the drinks including my friend for the whole night. Fact matter is how would you know? Do I need to show a F-N receipt now?. Secondly, it should not matter who bought the drinks! This pRick had the audacity to make up a lame @ss excuses bc this low lifer is working at the bottom of the stairs and probably will for rest of his career (if you call it one)  
Scenario 2:
I requested to speak to manager to inform my complaint and the female bartender from upstairs bar pointed to guy next to her. After explaining to the guy (assuming he is the manager), we later realized this guy doesn't even work there. He was too scared to even give me his full name. Should have known better bc he was wearing sweat pants and t-shirt.
Scenario 3:
I went back down stairs and asked the nice Ethiopian female bartender who served my drinks earlier if she can point me out to the owner/manager at the time. Luckily she was honest and I did spoke to the manager (Dias). After short conversation with him, he asked me hold on. He made a phone call as he walked to the back kitchen/storage area.  Minutes later I can see from a distance him speaking to the bouncer and shortly after, he walked by me (not up to me) and said, "The bouncer was just doing his job" WHAT THE! SERIOUSLY, REALLY???  ...when are you going to do your job Mr. Manager? All I wanted was an apology and the situation to be recognized. Hope the owner reads this and seriously really considers hiring proper manner staffing!  SHAME ON YOU DIAS or whatever your name is! Hope you all lose your job or perhaps this place to be closed down!!....That's it, enough said... E.N.D. of story!.... I'm out!!!I had been here before on a slow night, and then just this week came here for a big event; my impression of this place was about the same from both visits.  They've got the rooftop going for them and the opportunity for people who like to salsa dance to tear it up on the main floor.  Other than that, there's not much else that makes this place special.  Once the couches are occupied on the roof, you're left standing around in a crowd.  If you're trying to get around between the two floors, the stairs get really slow and crowded quickly.  Even though this event had an open bar, the bartenders on both floors had an attitude which I find annoying.  The appetizers were interesting.  They had some egg roll segments and pita with hummus.  We had a couple drinks and ended up just going next door to Franklin Mortgage.  
Oh, also, of course, people smoke on the roof.  Even though it's under the open sky, the smoke lingers and it becomes kind of difficult to breathe there; not to mention it's probably a serious fire hazard.Decent Sushi, terrible service and atmosphere. That about sums up my experience at Vango.  I called in advance to secure a roof deck table.  The woman on the phone told me that I didn't need a reservation for that evening and to just show up.  When we showed up, a member of the staff told me that the roof deck was closed for a private party and we had to sit inside.  If I had known this in advance, we would have just gone to the Continental's roof deck but we were already at Vango and craving Sushi. The inside of Vango is poorly maintained and borderline dirty.  It looked like it used to be nice when it first opened but no one has painted or cleaned the place in years.
We ordered 2 cocktails, neither were great.  My girlfriend sent hers back for something else and the waitress shot her an annoyed look when taking back the drink.  We then ordered 3 different sushi rolls. They took forever to arrive at the table but the sushi rolls were bigger than most and presented nicely. They were packed with tuna, salmon, crab, and shrimp and I was pleased with the quality of the seafood. 
We left pleased with the Sushi but really disappointed with the service and being lied to on the phone. This place needs to be on one of those restaurant makeover shows before I'll return.Zero stars - the bartender poured us the wrong drinks and we politely asked for a correction to which they denied. We then asked for the manager who came about 30 minutes later. He was extremely rude and condescending and kept interrupting us as we tried to calmly explain the situation. It was truly a horrible experience and I am always more than patient/forgiving/understanding as I worked in the service industry for 10 years. The venue was also very underwhelming and would not have even been worth the price of drinks had we decided to stay. Don't waste your time or money here.Ugh love this place!! The owner is so nice and the staff was very attentive. Definitely gets people in the mood to dance. Parking is good I would suggest a garage parking. Ambience is off the charts. If you want to have a good time Vango is the place to be. And try the food!! Delish!I got invited to their new sky lounge launch. Since it was raining the party stayed inside. This is a Level 1 Bar. I mean level 1 sponsors this bar. You'll notice the tres cool bottles of vodka utilized and crafted as lighting fixtures on the wall as you walk upstairs. I really liked the layout of the bar and seating. I forgot my one sacred rule; I can't drink. Not that I can't drink, it's that i can't drink much. I broke my rule and finished 3 martinis! My limit is really 2. However; I was having such a great time with my friend that i over did it.. a bit. Anyway, it was a great party, not too crowded, nice crowd and plenty of h'orderves and drinks. The music really not my style though. Cudos to Rachael for a well catered party.Good place, looks great. Came here and had about 6 drinks with a friend at they charged 20% gratuity on the bill. There should be a sign stating that. Some don't too but dang some tip generously. I feel take advantage of.I came here with a google offer coupon and the waitresses were super accommodating and polite. The place was very quiet, but my friends and I were there around 6pm during a weeknight.  The food was average, the drinks were fine as well, but the service was good. We did have to sit at a table in the inside in order to take advantage of the coupon which was fine. We then had the Center City Sips happy hour drinks specials - after a few apps and drink specials we were ready to roll to the next place. We didn't get a chance to go to the rooftop because we couldn't use the coupon, but it seemed like a good-sized crowd was there. In order to go to the roof, you have to buy a drink at the bar inside. It seems a bit like a college-y crowd. Not really a place for early 30s like us, but was fine for the coupon deal. Don't think we'll be going back...good for people in their 20s who are looking for a clubby scene.I went here to celebrate my bday on 6/22/2013. I booked 2 tables because we had 12 people in our party. I arrived there around 10 pm and was seated on the 2nd floor. We ordered sushi, calamari and the meatballs. The meatballs were the only good thing out of the three. The drinks were very watered down. I had 4 drinks and didnt even feel a buzz. The waitress (blonde hair) took forever to do everything. We had to wait over 45 min for the check. I asked the waitress about the $100 deposit I had to pay to reserve the table that was supposed to be returned once you showed up. She stated I would need to come back another day and pick up a check. I refused and she walked away with an attitude to write me a check on the spot. I checked my bank account this morning and  they overcharged me by almost 20 dollars. I also asked my friends about their bills and they were also overcharged. The only thing good about this place was the music. So I will be taking my business elsewhere.Went to Vango last night for two friends' birthdays. They spoke with the owner several weeks in advance and were promised:
1) $35 top shelf open bar for guests 10-12
2) A private bar for us
3)  Waived entry and free shots for the birthday girls
This was the reality:
1) $35 well drinks, all CHEAP liquor 10-12
2) A sectioned off part of the bar which ANYONE who was willing to pay $35 was allowed into
3) Birthday girls had to pay and were stuck drinking well drinks with the rest of us. He clearly only said this to get the girls to have their party there.
Some of our friends tried to stop in for a drink after 12 but were told they would ONLY be let in if they got bottle service. The owner even said to me earlier "If they are not willing to spend money, they should not be here." How RUDE. My friends are willing to spend money, but forcing everyone to get bottle service is completely unreasonable. 
The owner is a LIAR and a CHEAT. When I asked him why we did not get the private bar as promised, he said he never agreed to it. 
When my friends asked why it was suddenly well drinks and not top shelf, he justified it by saying "Well the other party upstairs is paying $40 so you're getting a good deal."
So basically he was ripping ALL of us off. 
The owner is a jerk who looks down on the patrons. His attitude was BEYOND unacceptable. We will never go back there again.
If you want to go somewhere where you will be ripped-off and scrutinized by the owner and most of the staff, Vango is the place to go.If you want a place to drink cocktails and see who is going to use the stripper pole that is located on the dance floor then you can go here. It's a dark and dimly lit lounge with a cool red chandelier over the bar. I had a few zombie cocktails and other kinds of shots and sadly the only person to use the stripper pole was my short Asian buddy who clearly lacks pole coordination. Well, at least the table of ample sized woman enjoyed his performance. "Oh work that pole honey" was shouted as he spun.Confusion and Disorganization. Last night I had my 35th birthday, under the Guest List Party option. I should have known things would be bad when they couldn't even find my reservation or confirmation. A coworker was also having her birthday party there. Our parties were seated next to one another. The confusion started when they charged her the $10 cover to get in for her own party. Neither of us were told our guest would have to pay, nor were we told any information prior to our event. My corworker and I were told differnt things by the hostess and staff regarding iur deposits, tab and party guest. And at least least one of my guest was told she didn't have to pay the cover because she was on the guest list. No one seemed to be on the same page. Our servers that night were very polite but a little slow with services. I had to ask 3 times for my Cake to be brought out. And in all this, the rooftop still required a drink purchase to have access. 
While our food and drinks were good, everything that went wrong was eniuh for me to not have another event here.I will never return to Vango.  I should have consulted yelp before dining at Vango on a Groupon.  We sat inside on pleather-like couches that completely sunk you down.  My legs hurt after awhile from being so low to the ground since i'm tall. The other option was to sit on a cube with no back.  We told the waitress we had a groupon and she told us we could only use it inside, which was fine considering the heat.  The food was mediocre. Everything we ordered, burger, scallop, negamake, grilled octopus was overcooked.  At that point, we got our check and we're floored by the 20% gratuity included in the check.  What pissed me off more than anything was that they don't mention that anywhere on their menus. Had i known that, i probably wouldn't have eaten there.  I am not a bad tipper, but i like to decide when to give 20% and between the food & service, it was not worth a 20% tip.  I will never go back here.This is one of my go-to spots when I get to my "whatever's clever" portion of my night--basically when I have ate/drank to my heart's content and have been to two or more other venues and can be talked to anything. Just kidding...this place isn't half-bad. Drinks are strong. I know the music will be on point and even though sometimes the crowd borders sketch, we always seem to have a good time--probably because, again, I am full of food and drink. I love the outside deck area where I can lounge, my nicotine-loving compadres can smoke, and I can chill out without being mauled. 
You shouldn't make this your only destination of the night. You are only setting yourself up for failure and disappointment. However go to have fun with your peoples and just let loose.Great food. Great space-well decorated with beautiful tiles, wall fabric,  etc.-but the food is very overpriced.I can only speak to the Monday night salsa lessons, but the instructor embarrasses his students and has no concern for showing any sort of dignity or respect. For example, he points people out and name calls them in front of the entire class. I fee sorry for vango for hiring him.Vango is probably the worst bar that I have ever been to.  I didn't like it the first time that I went in but I figured that maybe I was drinking a little too much haterade.  So I gave it another chance recently and no...it was not me!  Tacky environment and rude management.  The drinks are small and obnoxiously priced.  The chandelier is fun to zone out at but the smoke filled bar and "awesome" stripper pole  in the middle of the dance floor made me wish for consecutive 10 hour work days.My husband and I had a travelzoo coupon for Vango. I should have read the reviews before purchasing it, but luckily I did before we went so i wasnt horribly.  When I called to make a reservation I was rudely told to do so online and hung up on.  The coupon included 4 drinks and 3 apps. The calamari was awful, but my husband was able to get it down. Neither of us tried to do the same with the grilled octopus it was rubber and fishy, covered with a cup of pesto. The only good app was the spider roll. The drinks were actually good because we were the only people in there. My husband had the margarita and the mango mojitos.  I gave two stars because the waitress was great and the drinks were good. But if I had to pay $14 for them I would have wanted them to be bigger. The weird thing was that they charged us a 20% tip when we were the only people in there. We normally tip this much for good service, but it just seemed strange for a two top. We paid cash to make sure to avoid the fraudulent charges that this place seems famous for.This place is a big rip off. I've never been to an establishment that requires you to purchase a drink just to access the Rooftop that has its own bar! I also had to have my bag inspected on a Friday at 5 pm. I had dinner and used a restaurant.com gift certificate. There was a 20% tip added on and I think I saw an entry for a service fee. On Saturdays you pay a $10 cover and still need to buy a drink to access the roof. The food is okay but nothing spectacular.well, i have been a part of philly night life for a million years. i have been to vango twice. the roof deck is cool. outside options always draw me in. but the service sucks, the smoking is out of control. how can you serve food and have someone smoke in the same area? but for smokers, i guess this is heaven. i always worry about the staff with the second hand smoke. the crowd has lots of hair gel, tight shirts, and flashy jewlery. it's not a philly crowd.seems everyone in there is from another part of the world. it may be a great place for some people. but it's just not where i would choose to hang out..We went in here on Halloween because there was no cover charge, and I always hear about it on the radio. I think we stayed for about four minutes before leaving, and we would have left sooner had my friend not already ordered a drink.
The Budlight bottle cost 6 (or 7?) dollars. 
It was really crowded, but seemed like no one was having fun.
There was a DJ, but rather than dancing, everyone was kind of facing the front watching him mix. Weird.
The upstairs was closed for VIP so I can't comment on that other than to say that I'm SO glad I'm not a VIP at this place.
It was clean. So if you are looking for a clean, expensive club, with a crowd that just stands and stares, this is the place for you.I'm surprised by some of the reviews here. I went to Vango many times with friends and we always had great experience. The club is spacious - 2 floors and an outdoor seating with a beautiful view. The bartenders were always friendly to me. The music is vibrant every time. I gave it 5 stars because of the music, beautiful view, and nice setup. Every now and then you'll have a bad experience in any club, that doesn't make the place less than 5 stars.It seems like every week I end up at Vango for at least the early part of the evening. Ever since they got rid of the vomit smell by the entrance, I place has been pretty decent. I mean it is what it is, and it doesn't try to be what its not. Basically a cool place to chill at the bar with friends. There is a moderate sized dance floor, usually at least a few cute girls. There is an upstairs, in the summer its really cool because you can go onto the roof and chill outside as well. The drinks are usual center city prices, but not quite as expensive as G Lounge. Upstairs (you do need to have a drink in your hand to get up there) is more of a hip-hop vibe, down stairs is a mix. The crowd is kind of diverse, mostly white and black, but also a few indians. But while the crowd is comprised of actual Philadelphians, it mostly caters to adult who are looking to have a good time. I've never seen any tension or fighting, I see a lot of guys brings their girls there. I've seen girls in groups. A lot of college kids and grads. Its a nice place to chill, and I've never paid a cover to get in. The line moves pretty well (unless its crowded). Bouncer's are cool. I do believe that they serve food and have bottle service, but I wouldn't recommend doing dinner later than 9:30p, it gets to crowded and a little too boisterous to enjoy the food. All in all its a good stop en route to a good night out.I was charged $18 for gin (Seagrams) and tonic. That concluded me as a customer at this venue. This is too drastic and it really is an attempt to rip off the consumer. Unnecessary.Service actually wasn't bad and the servers behind the bar were quite helpful......but serving overpriced wine in plastic wine glasses on a Wednesday? And to sit at a table when the place is empty is $150? Yeah, this is the type of place you go to if you want to spend money for the sake of spending money ($400 for a bottle/table)I had been to Vango a few times over the winter, but in recent months, most likely because of the Sky Bar opening for the season, Vango is becoming more and more popular.  In April, lines by midnight or so were the largest in all of Rittenhouse (dare I say, larger than G Lounge and Denim combined!) and I began to think maybe Vango will turn into THE spot this summer.  While I haven't seen that happen just yet (for reasons you'll find below) it's still a great place to go and socialize.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS AND LAYOUT:
If you get there earlier on in the night, there probably isn't a line.  You walk up a staircase with walls adorned by empty Level vodka bottles...kind of tacky, but they present it very nicely, almost like an ad for Level.  The first floor has a beautiful-looking bar (and bar tenders!), nicely lit to give the room an air of sophistication.  Far Eastern styles adorn a row of tables and couches along the far wall.  The main floor can either look packed or empty, it rarely seems just right.  The DJ booth is under a staircase, which leads to the Sky Bar, which is sometimes blocked off if it's full.  The Sky Bar has a smaller bar up top and couches in the roofed area, while the open deck has beds which people can sit on (no sex please, regardless of how provocative the seating is) and heat lamps if it's too cold.  I believe the same music is playing upstairs and downstairs, but I could be wrong.
THE ATMOSPHERE:
I'm not entirely sure if it's possible to classify the clientele (as it's not as defined as say a G Lounge or Drinkers crowd), but it's a mostly friendly crowd that usually keeps to its small group of friends.  You'll often see groups huddled together in the middle of the dance floor, girls on a girls night out looking for boys to meet, dudes being bros trying to scope some broads.  I have seen small groups who love to dance to the music as ridiculously as possible (which means they are having more fun than you if you are just watching).  Yes, it's true, smoking is permitted, and it currently isn't THAT bad, yes you can smell it sometimes, but it is by no means a chimney room...if it ever got to be a chimney room, I'd stop going of course.  To those who smoke, please be courteous and do it outdoors so those who don't smoke can enjoy their fresh air and nice smelling clothes.
THE TUNES:
The tunes tend to be different each night, but I am pretty sure Saturday night is House night, at least for a set or two.  Being a huge electronic fan, including house, I have to say the DJ who spins it has some of the hottest House tracks I've heard in Philly.  Then again, I'm not the biggest house-head, so I'm sure there are better venues for those true fans.  Still, I found it delightful to hear some House for once instead of the same old, same old.  There is some of that, of course, for the musically non-adventurous, as well as some eurotrash dance.
THE DRINKS:
Drinks aren't bad, moderately priced (although I think a little too high for the place it is).  Bartenders are friendly, but very busy, the bar itself can get kind of crowded.
THE VERDICT:
Great atmosphere (+),  crowd is just OK (-), great selection of tunes (+), some of the decor is classy, some of it is tacky (+/-), Sky Bar is a great place to relax (+).Bad service. Ugly roof deck. Unimpressive view. Overpriced. Don't bother.Went here 2 weekends ago and the second floor smelled like vomit. If that wasn't a tell-tale sign to jet, the extremely rude service was. The staff at Vango clearly does not know how to treat its customers. I've never had an experience like this before. They definitely need a lesson in company-client relationships.
Never go to Vango unless you want to be treated poorly as a paying customer.Let me start this review off by saying that I do not know anything about the interior of this place, the kind of music they play, the drink prices, etc.
The only thing that I can say about this place is that the bouncer is a highly incompetent jerk off. I came to philadelphia to visit my old roommate. Usually when I meet up with my old college friends we like to re-live our college days i.e we like to drink a lot. Now in the past we never end up going to "nice" lounges, but as it was someones birthday we ended up stopping by after dancing the night away at 700 club. Once we get in the line, I hand the bouncer my ID. He looks at my ID, looks up at me and then refuses to let me in because "it is not me." Now being a little bit on the tipsier side of tipsy I immediately recite everything on my license with a little bit of sass rather than just showing him another ID or a credit card or something. He asked my friends what my name was and blah blah trying to verify that my license was actually me (btw I've never been told me ID was not me, even when I wasn't 21 and was using a fake...completely different story)
With some reluctance I finally am allowed in to this place however when I walked in there was something I tripped on (in my 5 inch heels) right near the door. Immediately the bouncer said I was too drunk and I couldnt get in. Yes, I was drunk but not to the point where I was sloppy or unable to control myself. I kindly told the bouncer that he should try wearing 5 inch heels. As I got escorted out by the officialness of this "wanna be new york place" I , without much mouthing off, I rested upon the side of the entrance waiting for my friends. This guy then threatened to call the cops. This is when I got pissed and refused to leave and told the guy to call the cops because I wasn't doing anything wrong. Im sorry if Im drunk do I lose my freedom of speech too? So what does he do? He rounds up a cop that is conveniently around the corner. The cop tells me to move and I asked her if I was doing anything wrong...I told her the situation (of course she doesnt care...shes just trying to do what she was told) oh but was I heated...so I refused to move. Anyways my stubbornness didnt result in anything and I eventually did leave after giving that dousche bag a piece of my mind.
I dont know if this was just an off day for this guy, but if all of the bouncers are as rude and disrespectful as him I would never EVER go back there in my life. Nor would I recommend this place (even though my friends that stayed said it was a blast). 
Being a woman of principle I have sat here and written out my lousy experience in hopes that their business will be effected. If the manager of this establishment reads this, consider hiring people that are more suitable for the job. Oh and if the guy, who is the sole reason Im writing this review, is reading this...fuck you.This is an awful place that restricts you from certain parts of the bar if you don't have a drink. I wasn't drinking so I ordered a soda and was asked to pay $5 for a coke. Just a coke. When I refused to pay I was harassed and kneed in the side by the owner and subsequently kicked out. Stay away.Worst night club to attend in Philadelphia.The service is horrible. The waitress overcharged us for our food and provided no explanation why. The food was not worth it. To top it all off they charge you for water. I will never go to this establishment again. If I could give it 0 Stars I would.the worst club/ bar whatever ive ever encountered everything is a scam. dont waste the money you work for to come here. the owner has no common sense and is a con artist. if i could give it negative zero stars i would.You wouldn't think it, but this place has amazing food.... great place for dinner... their sushi is phenomenal, great prices and just so fresh and delicious, and very aesthetically pleasing ... I've had many of their rolls, and I couldn't even pick a favorite.... The Yellowtail Ceviche is amazing... Tuna Tacos, amazing! Short Rib and Udon Noodle are soooo good... chicken quesadillas are another fave of mind... Service is great... I can't wait to be back in Philly to go to Vango for dinner...I had a generally good experience at Vango. The bouncer at the door on the Thursday night we went was very friendly. 
I do think their policy of not being able to go up to the skybar unless you buy a drink is silly, I did enjoy the skybar very much, so it might be worth it. The skybar is an open patio area outside the second floor of Vango. It's scattered with large beds topped with soft pillows for patrons to recline on. Although it was the middle of February and very cold that night, the standing patio flame heaters were very very effective in keeping us warm (although the heat didn't radiate low enough to our poor feet). 
The drinks were well made and the lounge was overall pretty upscale, from what I could see in the dark. We enjoyed ourselves as well as the drinks. I think we will definitely be coming back in warmer weather to enjoy the skybar again.Came here on a Thursday night for my bachelorette party. We hadn't made any reservations, but we walked right in with no cover and got a sofa on the rooftop. Beautiful view.  They gave us all free shots which was nice.  I had a great time!AVOID AT ALL COST!
I don't write reviews often, but this is by far one of the WORST bars/clubs in Philly. The cover is overpriced, the doorman is extremely disrespectful, the drinks are overpriced and weak, the security guards are violently rude, and there's not even enough room to dance! The only good thing I can say about this place is that the music was okay. With that being said I wouldn't advise anyone to waste their time or money going here. There are way better bars/club in center city like Opa, Time, Ladder 15, Down bar, Reserve really anywhere in cc is better than this place. Or you can try other neighborhoods like Old city, NoLibs, etc. So, if you enjoy having a good time I'd suggest avoiding this place at all cost!!!Second level is the best on a Friday night but Thursday after a few drinks enjoy the pole on the first