no, but seriously. i think i could live off their crispy cauliflower / spice with a kick. it's that f'ing amazing.
happy hour goes til 7pm now (M-F): discounted apps, beer, wine and cocktails. option to sit at the bar or in their swanky cocktail lounge tucked away in the corner. 
and don't leave without trying at least one of their desserts. they are PERFECT in every sense of the word. basically, i'm obsessed.
vegans, vegetarians and meat-eaters alike, you gotta check this place out.We've been meaning to try Vedge since the moment Horizons closed it's doors.  We finally got the chance when my sister visited.  It's still a bit tough to get a table at good times during the weekend, so we ended up with one of the first reservations of the evening.
The restaurant space is really open and airy.  I really like that they did not cram in more tables than needed.
The food is the real star here though.  I did think it's a bit odd there's a bunch of small dishes but you don't really order it tapas style.  No worries though, you just need to pick a few and you'll be in for a treat.  One of my favorites was a carrot dish and of course all the desserts were great.
Service overall was pretty good.  Everything was bought out and cleared at just the right time.  Our server was nice and did a good job, but nearing the end of our meal I really felt like we were getting rushed out.  I totally understand tables need to be turned and we were the first seating, but I definitely noticed it.
Overall though, I wouldn't hesitate to go to Vedge again and try all the dishes we couldn't try the first time.The most amazing vegan food ever!!!!!!!
Everything is so carefully prepared and beautiful presentation!Vedge is fantastic. I have been there twice and both times I enjoyed every bite. It is also a great all around experience with great waiters who really know their stuff. Our favorite is the rutabaga fondue!Excellent restaurant, vegan or otherwise. The mushroom dishes are fantastic. Definitely worth trying.Food and service excellent. Go here and forget about the vegan thing and just enjoy delectable food presented well with amazing flavors. Only disappointment was the peashoot broth, which just tased like a overloaded miso soup. Great place.Behold the power of vegetables!!
We love Vedge. I cannot stress enough how much we love Vedge.
Being vegetarian or vegan and a foodie can be a lesson in frustration. Too many restaurants believe "holding the cheese" on a sandwich, or offering a salad and fries is a "vegetarian option". Yes, there are more vegetarian restaurants these days, thank god, but not the number of gourmet ones that are necessary.
Vedge delivers in the gourmet category. These dishes are not only immensely flavorful but creative. 
The atmosphere is downright charming and the service couldn't be better.
My only complaints are, although tapas, the portions could be a tad larger for the price. My husband and I usually order 3 each plus a dessert each (sticky pudding is diviiiiiine!) and we eat something at home 3 hours later because we just aren't satiated. 
Which brings me to my second complaint...no more bread. They used to offer fresh baked bread which was not only delicious but filling. We still order the same amount but now we go home hungry.If you are interested in trying some wonderful vegetarian food, in a warm and relaxing place, with great wines, then try Vedge. Unbelievable menu, which changes with the seasons. Creative, beautiful presentation and delicious- even for non vegans! The sticky toffee pudding is a must for dessert. You would never know you're eating vegan!When people say this is the best restaurant in Philly and not just the best vegan restaurant, they're on to something. It's certainly one of the best restaurants in general that we have here in the city. Incredibly satisfying on many levels. Everything is top notch; just delicious. Get the shiitake mushroom entree with celery root fritters and the cheesecake and/or the chocolate uber chunk dessert. Great bar selection as well.There's probably nothing I can say that hasn't been said before. The service was impeccable. They were very attentive. We never waited for our food or for our water glasses to be refilled. Everyone on the staff was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. I really can't say enough good things about our experience at Vedge. Go. And order one of everything on the menu. You won't be disappointed.Spot on small vegetarian plates. Redefines a meatless meal.Oh. It's good. This is the place to bring your strictly carnivorous friends who think vegan food is for the birds (pardon my glib. I recognize few birds are vegan).
I don't think you should bother to make a reservation on the day you plan to eat there. At least a day in advance is best, because they book up quickly. However, even when I call and they say they are booked, there is generally a high top or bar space available when I walk in.
It is good. Shake-a-fist-at-my-plate-making-caveman-grunts good. Like silence-on-an-otherwise-engaging-date-because-I-can't-stop-shoveling-food-into-my-face good. Like plotting-with-said-date-how-much-of-a-salary-it-might-require-to-lure-one-of-the-chefs-into-our-kitchen-as-a-personal-cook kind of good.
The price- matched the proportions and undervalued the quality. I think it actually might be less expensive than it was at Horizons.
Dirt menu- brilliant. Favorites: the cauliflower with sriracha mayo and the shaved brussels sprouts.
Plates- the barbecue seitan is our running favorite.
Lastly, here we have one of the most perfectly mixed dirty martinis I have ever consumed.
I want to eat here every day until I die, the end.Absolutely beautiful restaurant.
Top notch service staff.
Food was very good but not spectacular.
I was satisfied, but always felt like each course needed something more...something that made me say "wow this was the best thing I've ever had"
We shared nine dishes including two desserts and none of them left me feeling like I would order that dish again.
Don't fall for the "you should order 3 items per person" line. It's way too much food and just pads your bill.
And two individual bathrooms is not enough for the volume this place is doing.By far one of the most amazing meals I've ever had in my entire life. My favorites were the uber chocolate dessert and the fingerling fries, although everything we ordered was perfect. The staff were very helpful when we needed help picking from the menu.Vedge was amazing. The customer service was fantastic and the food was delicious you could tell that every dish was special and was prepared carefully. Even the smallest dishes were excelI did not even eat properly here, I went for a drink to see my lovely daddys and ordered the Kyoto Sour. Lets just say they have me wrapped around their finger. 
It was everything my mind wanted but my tongue din't know existed. Imagine me on their food. Goddamn! Have to make a trip back there. 
Love the decor and the staff was super nice, I almost forgot I was at a fancy place and need to be stiff.Delicious food and great atmosphere. I like that there is always something new to try every time I go. The staff is very friendly, the service is excellent, and there are unique opportunities to choose from.I am not a vegan/vegetarian but prefer to give it a try when there are good options, and this place is definitely the option.So this was my first time eating in this area of Philly and it was a good first experience. The only downfall was the parking situation since your pretty much forced to park in a parking garage so you can expect to pay $18 for a half hour or $36 for an hour. But okay so on to the food loll, I went here with a friend and it was a really nice set up, very warm and inviting. Our waitress was super sweet and are water glasses were always filled the second they got low. She also brought us 2 little shots of watermelon gazpacho which were good. I got the eggplant braciole and also the rutabaga fondue which both were very good, especially the braciole because it legit tasted like meat even though it wasn't loll. But it was an overall too exapeince and I'll deffintly be back.As many have said, make sure you get a reservation - which typically books weeks and even months in advance for key days/times.  This place is amazing, from the people, to the food and the drinks.  Each course is as good as the next.  They will make suggestions, but it really works well when you pick one dish from each each category on their menu.  We started with the Fancy Radishes and Rutabaga Fundue (soft pretzel) and they were really good.  The radish dish was very cool to look at and the flavors were crazy good.  The pretzel fondue was amazing - and we are still shocked that was vegan.  We then had the wood roasted carrot and eggplant braciole and both were really really good.  We added the broccoli rabe and nebrodini mushrooms - these too were very good.  For cocktails, highly recommend the baby boomerang - amazing taste.   they also have some really nice beer options.   Desert was also amazing, not sure how they got the flavors they did into the ice-cream but crazy good.  The chocolate and cheesecake were also really good.
Special thanks to Anne Marie as our server, she was really nice and make excellent suggestions - thank you!
We are going back for sure and asking for Anne Marie!Orgasmic vegan food. Best tofu I've ever tried. Amazing atmosphere. I would give this place 6 stars if I could. I came after the desert.Best meal of my life. I don't know how they get such awesome vegan creaminess into some of their dishes. Favorites are seitan, potatoes, nebrodini mushrooms, Brussel sprouts, beets, carrots and chocolate uber chunk for dessert!Wow, what a great dining experience. Every food item was on point. Service was friendly and very attentive. I would suggest the seasonal items paired with an original - the spicy tofu is excellent. The cocktails and drinks are very, very good, as well. Props to the chef and staff here. Presentation is superb.Both times I have been there have been spectacular, even for the Omni-borderline-carnivores that accompanied me. My boyfriend said we have to go back soon, and I requested my birthday. I ordered the stuffed avocado, rutabaga fondue, fingerling potatoes, wood roasted carrot, and the chocolate über chunk to finish. Definitely a go-to place.Everything you've heard about how great Vedge is .... is an understatement. There was not one thing I would change about the menu, presentation, service. Every menu item was delicious: the stuffed avocado, the roasted gold beets, the maitake mushrooms, grilled seitan, seared broccoli rabe, brussels sprouts, as well as a few "extras" that were so graciously presented, such as the rutabaga fondue. Even the desserts, a selection of sorbets and ice creams as well as the chocolate uber chunk drew me in, in spite of my lack of a sweet tooth. My dining partner and I savored every offering, not believing how each one surpassed the previous in creativity and tasty preparation.
The food was matched by the superb service. We were fortunate to have a delightful young server, Owen, who explained every dish and who was attentive yet unobtrusive. When we asked Owen what the building was previously, I was overjoyed to learn that it was one of my "back in the day" favorite restaurants, Deux Cheminées (which I, for some reason, hadn't realized). The co-owner, Kate, paid a visit to our table - making it evident that she and Rich (her husband and co-owner) love what they're doing - and it shows in their food, à la Like Water for Chocolate.
I foresee monthly visits to Vedge.WOW! My boyfriend and I dined her upon arriving to Philadelphia, and couldn't stop thinking about it during the remainder of our trip. 
We made a reservation, seeing as this place is renowned by critics and passionate food connoisseurs. We made it to Vedge a half-hour before our 9 pm dinner reservation, and were immediately seated! Woo! A wonderful first note :~)
The ambience is romantic, chic, and rustic. The space is incredible and innovative. Our server was knowledgable, helpful, and efficient: the service was impeccable. He even surprised us with complimentary soup to get us started! The price range of Vedge didn't encourage me to anticipate an amuse, so the soup was another miraculous treat from the team. However impressive the building was, and regardless of the staff's astounding sense of hospitality, the food *was* the shining element of the evening. The two of us shared a variety of items: the stuffed avocado, seitan with sunchoke hummus, fingerling potatoes, and delicata squash. The avocado and seitan were my favorites. The seitan tasted like smoked quail, and the hummus was sweet and nutty (seeing as it was made from sunchokes.) The avocado had a wonderful texture, and irresistible crunch. 
This restaurant was the highlight of my trip, honestly. Philadelphia is an amazing place, I will definitely be returning - this time with two (2) reservations for Vedge!Ever been to a restaurant and the food, atmosphere and experience are so memorable that you can't stop thinking about when you'll go there again?? Well that is what I feel about Vedge. From the amazing, delicious, one of a kind dishes to the ambiance and wonderful people who work there, you really can not get better than this. 
I live in New York and have done my share of Vegetarian restaurant hopping in the city and I feel Vedge is the best Vegan/Vegetarian restaurant I have ever experienced. The food is so delicious and unique. You can tell there is a lot of thought into each dish. Management and staff are so wonderful and accommodating and the restaurant itself is just beautiful. 
Make reservations ASAP because this place gets booked like crazy (I totally get why!)
I can not wait to go back to Philly and eat here again! Thanks for a memorable experience!Rich and Kate are a great couple! I have visited Vedge over 10 times, and it gets better and better. Everything served here is vegan based, but it smells and taste as if you were eating the actual meat product. You cannot go wrong with anything at all on the menu...From appetizers to desserts, you are in for a real treat!! However, our favorites are the eggplant braciole and shaved Brussels sprouts....Yummy! For dessert, you have to try the white chocolate panna cotta. Oh my!! I had to order it twice; even after eating their delicious cheesecake!If your wondering about this restaurant,  yes it's that good.    All the resturants in NYC, I drove 2 hours to Phily just dine at Vedge.   It was so worth the long hike and this my new favorite restaurant.    Since they won't open in NYC,  I bought the cookbook walking out the door.     I keep thinking when my next hike going to be Philly...This is an amazing restaurant! Everything is vegan and delightful! If you are a not a vegan you will still live this place! Great cocktails, with combinations I would not think of, and the food delicious!! If I had a chef that could make me delicious food like this, I would happily become a vegan. I tried what Fort Lauderdale considers the best vegetarian place, and it was awful, like going to a fast food as opposed to fine dining at Vedge. Try it! You will love it.This place is superb.  Seriously.  Best vegan restaurant I have ever been to hands down. I went tonight as my second visit with my mom.  We got mushrooms, fondue (ok, how do you make cheese fondue out of a vegetable? unbelievable...), pierogies, and a bunch of other things including a very unique and profound dessert-some type of smoked ice cream, caramel thing. Also, the wines are superb. The staff is knowledgeable and kind. The service is fast. There is a humble vibe to the space too which is so appreciated.  Any chance you guys would ever open a second restaurant in the DC area? It would be such a hit. If not, I guess I'll keep having to make the trip to Philadelphia! I am really singing my praises for Vedge. It is such an excellent place.  I seriously think it is one of the best restaurants in the country period, vegetarian or not. The flavors and textures are just so complex. Just go there now and see for yourself. :-)I am vegan and this is my favorite restaurant in Philly! I wish I could order everything on the menu, but I wouldn't be able to eat it all in one sitting. You can't go wrong here, vegan or not.The food here is amazing.  Pricey, yes- but if you're looking for a good meal and a nice evening out, definitely check out Vedge!  It really made our entire trip to Philly worth it.  And the service was spectacular!  The "dirt" menu was amazing- esp the fingerling potatoes and the crispy cauliflower.  They recommend 3 - 4 plates per person, which is just about what we did and we left feeling full and satisfied.  They should really market themselves as a "tapas" restaurant, since that's basically what they are- but either way, great food, great service, great experience.  I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Philly!What could you not like about this place?!?! The atmosphere is amazing and the service is superb. Not to mention that the food might as well have fallen from the heavens. Seriously, despite it being labeled as a "vegetable restaurant," this place would amaze even the most uppity foodie. I often pop in for happy hour, as the drink specials and food selection are great and the prices are very affordable. However, when I'm really looking to indulge, I come in for dinner. My partner, who isn't vegan, loves this place as well. We have never had anything here that wasn't absolutely to die for. Oh, and for dessert, GET THE STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!!! Hands-down, this is not only the best vegan restaurant I have ever been to anywhere, but it's also one of the best restaurants in general -- vegan or not!I took my husband here for his birthday and let's just say, this place lives up to its hype. The food was fresh, delicious and well-prepared. Our waiter was extremely well-versed on all of the menu items--you can tell he was really passionate about Vedge's food philosophy. My only regret is that we didn't have dessert--the sticky toffee pudding will be next on my list. :)In town from Phoenix for one night and our friends recommended this place since they knew we are vegans. All I can say is wow! This place exceeded our expectations in every area. From the cocktails, to the ambiance, to the service and especially the creative dishes and amazing flavor profiles, the Vedge blows it out of the water. This place will appear to omnivores and carnivores alike. Do not miss it! Only catch is it is hard to get in due to its popularity. Make your reservations early.This place probably doesn't need another five-star review, but it deserves one.  Elevated vegan food that makes you forget it's vegan.  You may not leave stuffed, but maybe that's not a good way to judge a place.  After all, each dish that gets place in front of you is more beautiful than the next.  Go for the experience.Vedge is the full package of restaurants.
Absolutely amazing food, great service, and a cozy, warm ambiance.  
It's small plates, so I would suggest ordering two plates a person and sharing.
Fingerling fries are a must, but honestly, everything I ate here was delicious.
Do save room for dessert. The sticky toffee pudding and the chocolate uber chunk are pretty much heaven on a plate.  
No seriously, the desserts are so good I would bathe in them.This is the best restaurant I've ever been to. Vegan or otherwise. 
I don't need to write anymore words than this. You must go.Adorable atmosphere, very homey.  The staff was very nice, helpful, and attentive.
Now on to the good stuff...what we ate:
From The Vedge Bar:
- Salt-Roasted Golden Beets: MUST GET! 
- Sweet Potato Pate: Others on yelp have raved about this dish.  I thought it was good, but not great.  It had a very strong smokey flavor, which I found to be overpowering. 
From The Hot Kitchen:
- Spicy Grilled Tofu: This dish was a waste of stomach space.  It shouldn't even be on the menu.  The sauce was flavorful, but the tofu was nothing special, just a slab of grilled tofu.  I expected something more unique. 
- Roasted Maitake Mushroom: MUST GET! This dish had such rich flavors and textures.  It was truly wonderful.  It was so good that after we were done eating it.  We ordered another one!  
From The Dirt List:  
The Dirt List is where it is at!!!  We ordered everything on the Dirt List and shared.  I recommend doing this.  It's really fun for everyone to try all the dishes and talk about it.  If you go to Vedge you MUST GET:   
- Turnip & Kohlrabi Toast: The truffle mustard sauce made it! 
- Fingerling Fries: Again, the sauce, oooohhh the sauce! 
For Dessert:
- Cheesecake: So unique.  The celery gel added a unique flavor that I really enjoyed. 
- Sticky Toffee Pudding: Just okay for me.  I wouldn't get again.
- Chocolate Uber Chunk: MUST GET!  Sugary, salty, decadence! I dream about this dessert. 
Suggestions: This is not a place to go if you want to get a bang for your buck.  The portions are small and expensive.  However, if you just give into the fact that you're going to be spending a lot, you will have an incredible meal!I was excited to try Vedge given how much I enjoyed Horizons.  The drinks were top notch and service was great Here is the reason for the three stars, the food was excellent, but the portions were ridiculously small.  I am not a big eater at all and appreciate the tapas idea, but the minuscule amount of food was upsetting.  I have never complained about portion size, but for the money, it was not worth it at all.  I thought that Horizons did it right.  Not huge portions, but at least enough to feel satisfied when leaving.  I don't really understand the reasoning behind the decision to decrease the portions.  I would recommend the restaurant, but please keep in mind that you will need to order a lot of dishes.Vedge has been on my go-to Philly restaurant list for a few years now. It's been raved about everywhere, from magazines to newspapers, to TV shows. This vegan restaurant excels in not only their presentation, but also transforms the experience of eating vegetables. It elevates the vegetable to the status of meat, without intending to imitate it. Instead of making the vegetable into something it's not meant to be, the cooks at Vedge bring out the vegetables' diverse qualities in flavor and texture, creating elegant masterpieces that you don't want to ruin by digging in with your fork. 
So now onto the actual food! The suggested amount of plates to order is 3 per person, but my friend and I decided 4 would be plenty for us. 
The menu is divided into three main sections, the first comprise of cold plates mostly in their raw form. The second section lists hot plates, which are a little heartier and have larger portions, and the third section is called the dirt list, items that are cooked for the most part but smaller portions. 
The first dish we ordered was the Wood Baked Sweet Potato Hummus with two types of sliced bread (multigrain and grilled white bread with olive oil) along with pickles and pickled jicama rods. They actually give you quite a large portion of hummus, but not quite enough bread and pickles to dip into the hummus. The bread and pickled items were very tasty. The bread tasted fresh and the pickled jicama was especially tangy with a strong bite. The hummus had a smooth texture and a very smoky flavor. We didn't expect this extent of smokiness, but if you like this flavor, then this hummus is right up your alley! 
Our second dish was the Roasted Rutabaga Salad. This was my favorite. It was presented beautifully with the leaves of the rutabaga, grilled shiitakes, and crushed pistachio making up a salad dressed in a little olive oil, and 4 large thin bright yellow slices of rutabaga emerging from underneath with some roasted bits of onion sprinkled along the long edge of the plate. I loved the surprise of a crunch of pistachio in the salad with the delicious mushrooms and fresh leaves. The rutabaga actually had a caramelized onion flavor and were crisp and delicate. The onion complimented the rutabaga well as well as the greens. 
Our next dish was Brussels sprouts that were shaved and grilled with a smoked mustard dressing drizzled on top. The Brussels sprouts were well cooked and flavorful and the mustard dressing was light and fresh, bringing out the Brussels sprouts even more so.
The final dish was the Seared Hearts of Palm. This was presented as one whole heart of palm in the middle, with chopped hearts of palm next to it with a Calabrian chile salad on top. This consisted of halved cherry tomatoes and chile peppers with a light vinaigrette. In a pool around this were black lentils that had a rich undertone, encircled by a rim of green Harissa puree. This dish was also well prepared, the hearts of palm were crisp and flavorful, the lentils well cooked and slightly rich with the Harissa blending in to add a delicate flavor. The child salad was a bit on the spicy side if you got a tiny pepper. They blended in with the tomatoes so I was surprised every bite or so  with a flaming sensation in my mouth. But the wait staff seemed to always have their eyes on the water glasses, so that helped wash away the spiciness.
The service also was extremely fast. Almost too fast! Our food came out in less than 10 minutes after we ordered, might have been five. 
We were presented with the dessert menu after we finished our meal, which by the way was the perfect amount for the two of us. The desserts were all items that combined sweet and savory flavors, but more adventurously than usual. They didn't appeal to our tastes, and we were happily full so we decided to pass on this. 
Overall, I would highly recommend Vedge. It's a great place to go whether you're vegan, vegetarian, or omnivore! 
However, you'll usually have to make reservations pretty far ahead of time if you're looking to eat at prime dinner hours (6-8pm) range. Or you might be able to snag a reservation that someone cancelled (like I did) a few days before!Favorite restaurant in Philly for special occasions. The food is amazing; it really makes you realize you don't need meat to be happy. My boyfriend is a carnivore and even he was raving about it.The first time we went to Horizons was two days before it closed. After a spectacular meal there, we chided ourselves for not trying out the place sooner. Fortunately, we were informed that the owners were opening a new restaurant, Vedge, with a more vegetable focused menu. When Vedge finally opened and I looked up their menu, I knew that we had to prepare ourselves for a very special meal. 
 So, when he begged/demanded a meal at Vedge as his birthday treat, I was only too happy to oblige. (We even skipped lunch to ensure that we were ravenous by the time we reached the restaurant.) The dim lighting and lively atmosphere contributed to a charming and intimate experience. Even though the place was packed, the service was impeccable and our dishes never took too long to arrive. I loved my elder sage cocktail and he liked his beer. We started off with the fingerling fries and ramp hummus from the dirt list; the fries were unexpectedly great and the hummus was delicious and garlicky. We ordered 6 small plates to share and all of them were exceptional but our favorites were the gochujang tofu (best tofu dish that I've ever had as a vegan, I've had my fair share), roasted maitake mushroom, and the eggplant bracciole. For dessert, he got the strawberry sorrel bread pudding which was insanely delicious and the fig cheesecake which, we both agreed, was one of the best desserts we had ever tasted.
 We had ridiculously high expectation going into our meal and by the end of it, we were very satisfied and all our expectations were surpassed.  He declared it the best meal he ever had; I don't consider it an exaggeration.So. Good. Start to finish delicious. One of those places where everything you put in your mouth is fantastic. Rutabaga (or rhubarb?) fondue to-die-for. Service outstanding. Even my carnivorous hubby enjoyed the food. I can't wait for another special occasion so that we can go back!What I lived about the Vedge experience was knowing I could (and wanted to) eat everything on the menu. I'm not a vegan, or even a vegetarian, but I love vegetables. We loved the pickles as appetizers, and the peach tart with mint and miso ice cream. I have to disagree with others that the portobello carpaccio was special; the six slices were so thin I thought the plate was empty, and the braised bean dish (though delicious with the smoked beet on top) was also extremely small. I have had better shaved brussell sprouts in your decent omnivore foodie establishment. I really enjoyed the beet cake with the creamy cucumber. 
Overall, I thought the price was too high for the volume of food. I happen to love small portions, but after $145.00 for two people I'm still hungry and probably won't return.It's mixed review time for Vedge. Had I rated Vedge on the food alone, I would've given them five stars.  But the service and slight embarrassment at the end of our meal brought my score down to three.
THE FOOD
A-maze-ing. Everyone says that Vedge is a great place for carnivores.  It is.  We weren't thinking about vegetables as we ate. All that mattered was the delicious food.  I recommend the sweet potato pate, which comes with bread, onions, cashews and mustard so that you can enjoy the flavors together.  I also recommend the stuffed avocado, the braciole, and the squash dish.
THE SERVICE
Our server was good. And nice.  But par.  No high highs.  No low lows. He spoke very quickly and we had to listen very closely to understand what he said, especially since it was our first experience with Vedge.
Our water glasses stayed full with filtered water.  That was nice.
While we were having a great time, we started to get the feeling that we were overstaying our welcome.  It was confirmed when our busser removed (snatched?) our water glasses from the table without asking if we were done.  I guess that's Vedge's way of saying, "It's time for you to leave now."  Then the hostess came to our table and very nicely explained that they needed the table.  I get it. Other reservations.  So we quickly vacated the spot.  However, just because we understood the reason, didn't make it any less embarrassing for me. 
TIP: If you go to Vedge and they remove your water glasses, that means it's time for you to leave. Or maybe you could simply ask up front what time your table expires.I had dinner and it was a great experience. Overall, I liked all the food (except one dessert component Stout ice cream) and loved the Roasted Maitake Mushroom, the Fingerling Fries (Dirt List item),  Hawaiian Hearts Of Palm "Cioppino" (tasted like scallop and crab cake) and Chocolate Über Chunk . If you don't know what the Dirt List is you must go and find out. LOL
The portions are small, but I was stuffed! Eating vegan is more about enjoying great food than large portions. :)Ok. I travel all over the country from NY to Los Angeles and everything in between.  I have been a vegan for almost 10 years now.  I didnt have a reservation and was a bit worried but got super lucky and a seat at the bar opened right as I got in.  This is hands down, undeniably the best vegan meal I have ever eaten in my life from appetizer to desert.  Not only that, but EVERYONE on the staff was so nice and so cool and so attentive to me- even the wait persons that weren't serving me!  It was really a great experience to eat there.  I can't not say how blown away by everything I was.  The food and the service were like nothing I ever experienced.  No pretentious anything here.  Down to earth and so appreciative to have me as a customer.  Plus the bar is amazing.  Definitely lived up to its reputation as the best vegan restaurant in the United States.  If and when I am back in Philly it's the go to.  The food is superb and so creative and cooked to perfection.  Wow.  Just wow.  Thanks Vedge.  You guys are the best!This is one of my favorite vegetarian restaurants ever! Each of the dishes packed a huge punch of flavor, every one uniquely different!
Service was extremely friendly and gave recommendations on what to order. The consolidated menu definitely helped make the food come out very quickly so you were never hungrily waiting.
TLDR: favorite dishes were Sunchoke Bisque, Fancy Radishes, and Seared baby Tatsoi 
Sunchoke Bisque: Nice peppering and the warm temperature made the shot like soup go down easy and smooth
Fancy Radishes: 4 different types of radishes with a paired side that complimented and highlighted the saucing. This was a good choice to get multiple flavors in a single dish. 
Stuffed avocado: Very filling and who doesn't love avocado! The sauce was creamy and had a buttery bisque like flavor. Highly recommend
Chioggia Beets on Rye: Fun deconstructed sandwich - the horseradish sauce flavor provided good flavoring for the three other textures
 Wood Roasted Carrot - What is a carrot but a simple root in the ground. Yet combined with the mashed garbanzo and crunchy carrot kraut made this simple vegetable into something much more. Each bite tickling the tastebuds yearning for more.
Seared Baby Tatsoi - this dish was swept me into nostalgic memories of my childhood times eating my moms simple home cooked meals.
Nebrodini Mushrooms - the basil really brought out a beautiful flavor to this dish. Felt like sitting on the side of the road in Italy, relaxing and letting the hours go by. The cherry tomato fished out a burst of flavor with each bite of mushroom adding a crunchy texture to perfect satisfaction.
Eggplant Braciole - this dish wasn't as strong as the previous ones. Lots of eggplant per bite but the flavor wasn't accented to the level that I was dreaming for.
Ssamjang Tofu - this delectable dish was wrapped nicely together with the miso 
Grilled Maitake Mushroom - as seen in very few dishes, what I found special in this plate was the fact that the celery flavor was strong but not over-powering. 
Aloysius was quite refreshing and very nice to sip on while cruising through each dish and course.
If you read through this entire review, I'm impressed and extremely grateful for the spending time to review this review. Meal was brought to me by my friend and sponser Scott.I am a carnivore. Plain and simple. I love all things meat- burgers, cheesesteaks, pork chops, prime rib, steaks, lamb chops... and the list goes on and on. 
I am down to try anything- even if that means going vegan for one meal. We went for Happy Hour and they allowed us to sit at a high top table in the bar area- all of the seats were full and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to have my Vedge cherry popped.
Our bartender/waiter was fantastic- the friendliest person, which set the mood off right. We ordered their punch cocktail which was one of the best happy hour cocktails I've ever had. Not too sweet, not too sour, it was just right.
We ordered the special toast which came with a ramp hummus and loaded veggies on top. We also ordered the Maitake Wit- their take on a cheesesteak. Oh. My. God. I'm just going to say it, even though I don't want to- it was BETTER than a regular cheesesteak. Sorry Steve's- Vedge kicks your ass. We also ordered the Korean Seitan Taco, the Fried Kimchee Potato Salad, and the Brussels off of The Dirt List. 
I cannot wait to trick my mom into taking me here for a full meal- I am not telling her it's vegan until we get there and it is too late to back out. heh heh heh.LOVED this place! The food is amazing and you wouldn't know it was made without animal product.  Make sure to order 3-ish dishes per person (combination of big and small plates) and then savor everything!  Loved the "dirt" menu - so tasty and fresh.  Reservations are hard to get, but they do set aside a few tables for walk-ins.  My cocktail was yummy, the service was the best I've had in a long time, and their sauces are amazing.Returned to Vedge a couple of months ago for happy hour. It was fine in that nothing went particularly wrong, except that everything was mediocre -- which is much worse than I remember. Some of the food used to be delicious, but no longer. 
Whereas Vedge's offerings used to be deliciously indulgent, they now seem merely overpriced, since they don't even taste great anymore.
It's somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. On food alone, it's more like 2.5 stars, but since the entire experience was so disappointing, I'd rate Vedge at 2 stars rather than 3 stars. 
I left as soon as I could & went to a different happy hour spot for tasty bites.
2+ starsThis has become one of my favorite restaurants. 
The dishes and cocktails are very inventive and the staff is very gracious. 
My biggest criticism has to be the pricing.  Many of the first courses are pint sized and very expensive.   I understand that the restaurant is in an expensive part of the city, I just wish the prices were a little more realistic.  That piece aside I am a fan.When you walk into the restaurant, you probably think to yourself "whoa, this place is a lot fancier than I thought it would be" and it is!  The decor and ambiance are beautiful, dark, sexy, and classy.  It's pretty romantic, so be prepared - if you are there with friends, you will be having some romantical friend times.  
I was a huge fan of Horizons, so I was really excited when Vedge opened, just like everyone else.  The service is top notch and the food is delicious.  Drinks here are pricey - on average $12-15 per drink, and they are all on the small size.
Between my 2 visits, I can't remember the names of all of the dishes I ordered, but what I've determined is that you can't go wrong, no matter what you order.  It will all likely be (1) something unlike what you have ever eaten before and (2) it will be delicious.
My only complaint, like most others, is that the portion sizes are ridiculously small.  No - I am certainly not expecting Maggianos or CheeseCake Factory sized portions, but even when you order 3-4 dishes like advised, you will still come away from this place hungry.  The "entree" sized portions are definitely smaller than appetizers at most restaurants.
My advice is to go here with a lot of money and without a huge appetite and you will be satisfied.  Once you get your bill, after a few of the pricey drinks, 3-4 dishes and dessert, tax and tip, it's going to set you back anywhere from $60-80 per person or more.  
Needless to say, I really love this place, and I will go back whenever I can.I finally came to Vedge last week, as its been on my highly anticipated bookmark list for a long time.  I had really high expectations, which were mostly all met.  Thus review is 3.5 stars. Rounding up because they change their menu often, so I'm sure there's better things coming soon! 
For starters, the ambiance was really cute and inviting. I loved how the lighting was pretty bright. I hate fine dining where the lighting is too dim and I can't see my food... Not a problem here! Down side, the 2 tops were way too close together so there was no dining privacy.  I was basically in my neighbors conversation the whole meal.
The service was absolutely fantastic. The waitress was very attentive, helped offer her favorite menu items, and was a sweetheart in helping fix a drink issue.  She rocked. 
The food: 
LOVES: Hearts of Palm was amazing, one of my favorite things....had swiss chard and tomato chutney.  Also loved the very unique Portabella Carpaccio, the caper puree was so delicious we were rubbing our toast in it to soak it all up!  The beets were good, with cheese and capers, reminded me of ahi tuna presentation.  On the dirt list, loved the creamy sunchokes with truffle puree, this was mind blowing!
OK's:  The brussel sprouts were average, they had a creamy sauce spread on top which wasn't the greatest, and the brussels themselves could have been more charcoal-ish. I've had better brussels at nearby pubs.  The bread wasn't very good, and the "compliments of the house" dish wasn't great either, some fancy kind of baked toast.  
Overall, very nice restaurant.  Fantastic service, great food minus a few average plates.  Oh, and the chocolate brownie dessert was a nice treat!  I'd recommend this for vegetarians or foodies.I have been trying to eat here for months but I never could get a reservation when I was in the area. I finally got my foot in the door and it was worth it. 
I have been a vegan for quite some time and this is some of the most delicious vegan food I've ever had. As far as savory dishes, I tried the brussel sprouts, seitan, gumbo, white bean pate, and broccoli rabe. Every dish was delicious. The best seitan I have ever eaten. Even my non vegan date enjoyed it and he normally is nauseated by faux meats. 
As far as drinks, we ordered the fe fi fo fum (sp). The green bean drink. Ended to getting a second because it was so refreshing. Also got the flannel jacket (or something like that) which was too gingery for me and the last one mock manhattan which was basically just bourbon. 
Now dessert, we shared the Saffron cheesecake and the could've been a candy bar. That cheesecake was amazing. The candy bar was also good, it was a crunchy cookie topped with pineapple, chocolate pudding and wasabi ice cream. I have had wasabi ice cream several times throughout Asia and I try to enjoy it but I really just can't. 
Overall, meal was fantastic. I understand many have a concern over the small portions and it is true. The plates are tiny. The broccoli rabe was maybe 5 pieces, same with the seitan. The gumbo came with a tablespoon of rice.  Regardless, I loved this restaurant. They change their menu seasonally so I cannot wait to try some new creations.This was the best vegan/vegetarian restaurant I've ever been to, and I used to work at a vegan restaurant. It was everything the restaurant I worked at wanted to be. Further, it was possibly the best restaurant I've ever been to. And I've been to restaurants in Ogdenville, Brockway, and North Haverbrook, and their restaurants put them on the map!
The staff were extremely professional. I've worked in the service industry 7+ years and even I felt I would not be qualified to work at this joint. So if anyone complains about bad service at this place ever, consider those people assholes. The service was literally perfect (and I don't throw the word "literally" around carelessly). 
After ordering, we were given two shots of cauliflower mustard soup as a starter for free. "WHAA?" we screamed internally, while devouring each sip. My husband was staring at the small, fancy pot they served it out of, his mouth watering. He looked at that pot more than he looked at me, and I'm quite enjoyable to look at. 
We ordered two appetizers that were unbelievably good. Stuffed avocado with something I don't remember, and a soft pretzel bun loaf with a rutabaga fondue. Rutabaga fondue!? It was creamy and almost cheesy-flavored but BETTER than cheesy-flavored, if you can believe it. I could eat it all day. 
Then we got this mushroom thing and some fingerling potatoes with horseradish cream sauce that I have been thinking about every few hours since eating it last night. We were full, but not too full, and we didn't leave feeling like we were going to explode.
We finished with coffee for me and tea for him, and a mud pie with bourbon-soaked peaches. Obviously it was delicious. The coffee came with some (I think?) home-made soy creamer and the cutest little sugar dish with a tiny spoon. The tea came in a cute little tea pot thing. We ended the night feeling full and energized for a night on the town!
Everything was perfect: the atmosphere, the drinks, the food, the service. I can't wait to go back. Now I understand all those people who ate at the vegan restaurant I worked at who were disappointed at the salty food we served. It was Burger King compared to this food. 
Long live Vedge!Okay, so I'm glad that I can say I've been there but I probably won't be rushing back. Let's get something out in the open first: I LOVED Horizons and was horrible depressed when it closed. My gut was bursting when I left that place and everything was absolutely amazing and the atmosphere was so, so romantic and cozy. Vedge? Not so much. I mean, it's nice inside but not as romantic. 
My biggest issue with Vedge wasn't the flavors - they were pretty good. I think it was that I was expecting Horizons again, and this is anything but. Yes, it's Rich Landau, but he's moved up in the world (good for him, I love him!) which means...small, small portions and big, big prices. This is disappointing to me because when the waitress (who was great) told us that she recommended 3 plates per person, I knew we were in trouble. 
The top of the menu was pretty much cold appetizers to share with the table. 3 for $9, it says. Don't think about getting two, or one. If you go with two it's $10. Why? I don't know. The waitress shrugged and said "I don't know why it's like that." So we ended up with the pickled cauliflower, fried shisito peppers and the u-peel lupini beans. I was underwhelmed and even left some of the food on the plate. I was just expecting flavors to be punching me in the face, but they were good to graze on while I slugged back the pomegranate sangria. I ordered it because it was least expensive cocktail on the menu. It was pretty to look at, but overall, a forgettable experience.
The hot kitchen items were the stars of the meal and I think if we ever did end up her again we'd just order these and dessert. My boyfriend had the grilled seitan. I remembered getting the grilled seitan at Horizons years ago. It was the best meal I've ever had. The waitress said these plates were bigger. Okay, they're bigger, but they're still too small. The seitan was absolutely divine, and my tofu was out of this world. I loved the marinade it was in. And the edamame puree was super! The sweet potatoes from the dirt list were okay. I liked the coleslaw like veg underneath of them. It was addicting.
I remembered the legendary vegan cheesecake from Horizons, too. A normal slice of cheesecake in size. This time, however, the cheesecake had some sort of waldorf salad celery gel on it (????) and I didn't like that. And the cheesecake was literally 2 bites. We also shared the uber chocolate chunk, and it came with 2 bites of ice cream, 1 bite of chocolate and some sort of pudding. It was good but I was still hungry after my meal. Saaaad.This place is incredible.  From the ambience to the creative flavor combinations, I have never been anywhere like it.  Even the cappuccino is uniquely delicious.  This is a must - do for Philly vegans!Went with a few friends for my birthday! We ordered nearly everything off the menu with the exception of 3 dishes, everything was delicious from start to finish. I was weary of eating an upscale vegetarian restaurant, for fear of leaving hungry, but I was stuffed and happy! Also, the service was top notch!The staff are fantastic here, but the prices are a little high. The food was delicious and I would definitely come back.A warm, romantic environment for all the trendy hipsters to try an all vegetarian haute cuisine.    
The tomato gazpacho was good, but it had a fairly stronger tomato base than I would want. Smells like vomit, but that's usually how those things turn out anyways.  
For the fancy radishes, the smoked tofu had a bold smoke, with a spicy aftertaste. I'm glad they used extra firm tofu. The smell of roasted black sesame was divine. 
The radish with the Shishito pepper was a different take with the sesame. Instead of black and smoked, it was green with that distinct pepper flavor. The purple radish on top of pickled cucumbers were not what I expected. Instead of bright, vinegar notes, it felt more like cucumber noodles with radish meatballs. The cucumber take this refreshing taste, while the sesame seeds gave it body. There was this umami taste that was there that I liked.The Yusuf avocado was such a good match! The tutu brought a floral tartness that was light handed, while it sat upon the elephant of mass that was the low toned body of the avocado. I wish I had thought of it myself! 
The leek tart was a little more conservative than I thought, but it was still
a decent dish. I liked the black garlic jam that came with it. I wish there was more of it. They don't put much on the plate. This definitely was more a starch dish than anything. 
The smoked carrot is worth the price of admission. If you close your eyes, it taste and feels like a bratwurst! It makes sense with the shape and infused smoke in the carrot. The carrot kraut and carrot mustard were a great addition to the carrot theme. They didn't distract from the carrot itself, yet still added for the familiar dimensions to exist. The pumpernickel slice with mashed chickpeas didn't sit that well with my stomach as I was getting full. It provided an alternative taste of a Rueben. 
The strawberry sorrel bread pudding with saffron ice cream was a trip. What looked like some type of spinach quiche surrounded in a tomato basil soup, turned out to be a dessert. I'll have to admit, it took a couple of bites to fully appreciate it. Don't scarf this one down. After a while, it turns into a lemon shortcake, along with the strawberries and saffron poking out.  
At the end of the day, this was a great place that doesn't destroy the wallet, offers an elegant atmosphere, but feels like eating at home. This wouldn't be the first place I recommend someone from out of town, but it's a great spot for locals.Simply amazing... Nevermind that this place is vegan. This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at. Everything was very flavorful.After driving an hour to Vedge, and after having read so much. I was worried our expectations had been set too high. But it was truly as awesome as everyone raves. 
It is excellent. It is not cheap. It is very worth it. We will be back. 
Our server, Ali, was wonderful and helpful, as were the several others who at times contributed to the service. The owner (who was covertly working coat check -- a great place to gauge your exiting customers!) talked with us afterward and was happy to explain one of the recipes to us when we asked.
Everyone has their favorite dishes, so I don't see the point in saying which we liked most. We loved all seven of the ones we ordered. Vedge proves there are more varieties of ingredients and methods in the plant world than the animal world. In fact, most of the elements that make a meat/pork/poultry/fish dish taste good are the non-animal ingredients it is seasoned, sauced, and prepared with. It's therefore no coincidence that there are more tastes and textures in the plant world.
The couple of negative reviews here cite the portion sizes. I think those reviewers didn't understand. Like tapas, it's intended that you will order 3 or so dishes per person plus a dessert. If a dish "serves two people," that means there's enough of it to share AND that assumes the two of you are ordering about 6 dishes.  Plan on $45 to $50/person, plus drinks. My wife and I (who eat a lot), left very satisfied and were not hungry later.
Can't wait to go back. Thanks, Ali and Vedge!Considering that I don't even like vegetables, the idea of eating a meal of nothing but is pretty foreign to me. That said, let me exclaim that this was one of the best meals I've ever tasted, plus the service was wonderful. We arrived without reservations, sat at the bar, and shared tapas style plates that were all tasty, especially the fingerling potatoes, cauliflower soup, and a rich chocolate soup. My sister says she will now try out some vegan recipes and see if she can come up with the same buttery taste. We are inspired!I'd been trying to come here for the longest time since I heard about its happy hour, and finally two of my friends and I were able to swing by to try it out! I had high expectations for the food; to be fair, some dishes completely blew me out of the water while others were pretty mediocre.
We came around 5:30 PM and got seated at the empty bar (when we left around 6:45, people were standing around to get happy hour, so come early!) The bartenders were unsmiling, but attentive enough. I ordered a happy hour cocktail, which was tiny but tasted deliciously like juice...with about the same alcoholic content as juice too. 
First we ordered items off the happy hour menu. The Korean Seitan tacos were DELICIOUS!!!!!! And so was the "cheesesteak"! I didn't even notice that the dishes weren't meat, as the sauces and seitan were cooked perfectly for a nice smoky taste. Afterwards, we ordered more "pure vegetarian" dishes such as brussel sprouts, artichoke hearts, and daily toast. I didn't really enjoy those dishes, as they all had weird pickled sauces or vegetables that corrupted their pure taste. Finally, we ordered the toffee and cheesecake for dessert, which weren't anything extraordinary, but presented beautifully.
I enjoyed my experience in an all vegan restaurant and trying out dishes that I have never heard of, and the ambience is super cute and cottage-y, but my expectations were way higher than they were met.desserts only!
omg! if i didnt know this was a vegan restaurant, i would have never ever suspect the desserts were vegan!
-sticky toffee pudding with ice cream: delicious! sweet, luscious, light...nothing dense and heavy like other vegan desserts I had in the past. love the warm and cold contrast!
-chocolate uber chuck: light and not too sweet. crunch from pretzels adds another depth. presentation was lovely.
drinks were good..love the bar settingBeautiful restaurant and much more sophisticated than Horizon. Good service but there was a delay with one course that was unlike the rest of our experience.
The desserts are especially good and yummy !! Also had an excellent wine and beer list.Would give this 6 stars if I could. Best vegan ever, hands down. The fondue is unbelievable. Service was fantastic. If they could harness the noise level, it would be simply divine!I have never experienced vegetarian food this way. Vedge is a great restaurant. I am not vegan or vegetarian but did not miss the meat at all. Great food and service. Top notch! 
Great evening! Will come back for sure.I was dying to give Vedge 5 stars, I really was, but it just fell short for me.
-The service was okay, but rather forgetful and unenthusiastic 
-The decor was odd--a bit too simplistic and dark for my taste
-And the food? Well, just as Dickens would say, "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times..." 
        -The sweet potato pate was the absolutely phenomenal
        -As was the portabella carpaccio and golden beets
        -But the seitan, cauliflower soup, radishes, and roasted mushroom were, dare
        I say it, bland. I could have made the dishes better myself at home, for a fraction
        of the price.
Consider this review a first impression, because I plan on returning and giving it another shot.Delicious and creative vegetarian food spot!Excellent service and great ambiance. Cocktails were well made and tasty as well! Is a great spot for larger groups as well.The experience my wife and I had a Vedge was A+. We were in town for a weekend and decided to treat ourselves, particularly in the "taking a break from eating meat" department, and Vedge more than satisfied our needs. The space was wonderful, the recommendations and service impeccable, and the tastes were incredible. We were also both impressed with how full we were at the end of the meal as in the past we have found ourselves often not quite full after a vegetarian/vegan meal. No such problems at Vedge! 
Favorite dishes included: the rutabaga fondue (so creamy!), all the mushroom dishes (and I walked into the restaurant being anti-fungi), and the zucchini bread pudding dessert. Recommend Vedge to everyone in Philadelphia when looking to treat themselves to a creative and wonderful dinner.THE FOOD IS SOOO GOOD. 
That said, it is very expensive, and I did not leave full after $100 (for two people). 
Seriously, you never knew that vegetables could taste so good. Or tofu. They do not have much in the way of carbs or filler food, unfortunately. It is mostly vegetables with some proteins. I think some more carb based products might help people get fuller. 
The atmosphere is great, beautiful interiors. 
I don't think you could go wrong with ordering anything on the menu. Two things that stand out - the sunchoke soup and a maitake mushroom entree.amazing. are you surprised?  this is hands down one of the best restaurants in the world.  no question.  you get what you pay for and this place is VERY expensive.I NEVER thought I'd be excited by a vegan restaurant.. or writing a review to describe how fantastic the food tasted. We tried just about everything on the menu at our table - and everything was fabulous. Loved the seasonal nature of the cooking and the amazing attention to detail and taste. The ambiance is warm and cozy. Highly recommend to vegans and non-vegans alike. I'm very much a meat eater - but if Vedge was feeding me everyday.. who knows!Though I love vegetables, I am not a vegan or vegetarian.  I always eat some kind of meat in every meal.  This was my second time here.  The first time I went to Vedge, I enjoyed it a lot.  Many restaurants seem to have trouble keeping up to high standards for an extended time - whether due to new people working there and finding the right chemistry, or just believing their own hype and becoming lackadaisical.  
But not here.  The second time at Vedge was even better.  We ordered 6 dishes for two of us.  The Rutabaga Fondue was really good.  Seems unreal that no dairy was used for the pretzel bread.  It comes with a side of pickles (which they originally forgot, but brought to our table immediately) that adds some sour to balance out the the bitterness of the 'fondue' and the saltiness of the pretzel. 
The Stuffed Avocado with pickled cauliflower and romesco was good too.  Eating avocado this way changes your perception of it a bit.  The Braciole made with eggplant was super tasty.  No, you may not be fooled that it's meat, but you won't miss it the meat either.  It's that good.
The Spicy Ssamjang Tofu was another really good dish.  The tofu had an awesome texture - firm enough to hold shape, but without being spongy.  The edamame puree and yuba crackling perfectly complemented the tofu.
The Fingerling Potatoes sound too normal, but they are out of this world.  If you like potatoes, you automatically have to order this.  The texture is perfect and the creamy Worcestershire sauce is very tasty.
Even the dessert was really good.  We got the Sour Cherry Cheesecake and Mojito Perfecto. 
Of course it starts with the vegetables and how they are prepared, but the creativity, the way Vedge describes the dish, the way they plate it and present it - everything seems to be thought through completely and executed flawlessly.  It makes you think differently about the depth of flavors that are possible with plant based ingredients.  
The only minor negative is that the service seemed to be reactive versus being proactive, but it wasn't like the service was bad.  
All in all, Vedge is in my Top 5 restaurants in Philly. Don't go here because you are vegan, go because the food is really really good.From a non-vegan: absolutely incredible, gorgeous cuisine. Wait staff was warm, timely, and helpful with deciphering menu options. Cannot speak highly enough about presentation of plates and intricate taste combinations I had never before experienced. I would highly recommend this restaurant for a quaint night with friends; personally, our party shared 5 plates and 2 desserts and not one disappointed. Favorites: chilled celery soup to start, nebrodini mushroom, and ssamjang glazed tofu. Dessert was to die for: strawberry-sorrel bread pudding and chocolate uber chunk. Too busy enjoying this incredible dining experience to take pictures. Worth every penny.I had generously been given a gift certificate for Vedge. I had been wanting to go forever, and my boyfriend, an avid meat eater, was also interested in trying it out. 
Wanting to stretch our gift certificate as far as it could go, we decided to meet at the bar for happy hour. You absolutely can't beat the happy hour small plates. We tried all four, at $4 a piece. After happy hour, we ordered more food off of the full menu. Nothing tasted vegan, and it was all delicious.  I'm convinced anything off this menu will be fantastic.  
We ended up spending about $100, and it was totally worth it. If you go for happy hour, make sure to arrive early.