Went for brunch. We had pancakes, French toast, scrapple, the breakfast burger, and a side of potatoes. The burger itself was OK; not life changing but adequate. However, the Hollandaise on it was bland, and the accompanying kale salad left much to he desired. It was fresh, but the dressing tasted of salt and vinegar and not much else. The stuffed French toast was the best dish - the berry compote was not overly sweet, the vegan cream cheese like filling was good, and the pink peppercorns added a nice bite. The vegan scrapple was sagey and tasty. The pancakes were huge- you could feed a small army - but unfortunately not completely cooked. The potatoes were oversalted as well, which didn 't bother me as much since I had the sweet dish. 
The service was friendly if a bit slow - the "bottomless" coffee took a long time to come out. The cups are small and despite our obvious placement it was a while before we were offered a refill. I like that their employees are paid a living wage, but it also means they don't make much of an effort. 
For the price, there are other options for vegans. Go to Vedge during happy hour if you're pinching pennies,  Blackbird Pizzeria or Govinda's. Sabrina's and Royal Tavern have vegan options if you must have brunch.This place is new so you might not find it on Google maps. Tip about parking: go on the other side of the block where the Catholic school is and you can park there for free (at least in the winter). 
What is unique about this place is that their prices are final (includes tax and tip) so don't be intimidated by the prices! Service was professional and on point. Downside with the menu that it doesn't have details about the items but most are pretty self explanatory. Its a small place but we went for weekend brunch in January so there wasn't a huge wait. I can imagine it will get quite busy and quite popular because its doing great so far. The food came out fast. I got the poached avocado with tempeh hash and my friend got the biscuits with gravy - delicious. Coffee was great. I want to go back and try their desserts. 5 stars.This place is fantastic!  I wandered down there yesterday after reading some rave reviews online and was not disappointed.   It is to be noted that it is take-out only and not really a restaurant but more of a caterers kitchen where you can order things to eat.  I thought I was walking in the wrong door when I got there, but do not let this dissuade you.  The woman working here assured me I was in the right place and kindly walked me through all of the grab and go options in the fridge.  She was really lovely and even explained what days they stock up and do their baking on so I could time my next visit accordingly.  
I got the brunch sandwich and a container of the tofu salad.  The sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had vegan or not (it is to be noted that i am not vegan).  It come with mushroom scrapple, a vegan egg patty, cheese wiz and arugula on homemade focaccia and it is HUGE.  For 8$ I definitely felt like I was getting my money's worth.  The scrapple was delicious, really savory with crisp edges and a soft middle.  The egg patty was a great texture that I would honestly prefer to real scrambled eggs.  The focaccia was thick and delicious.  Finally the cheese sauce was TO DIE FOR - I would drink the stuff plain.  All of the components were delicious on their own and meshed well together.  The tofu salad was also very yummy and I would get it again.
All in all it was really cool to eat at a place where all of the components were clearly made from scratch with a lot of care and creativity.  I cannot stop thinking about the sandwich and I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!I stopped here yesterday for a gluten-free bagel-- best I've ever had! Came back today to try something new and the tempeh hash is spectacular. Baconey flavor and great texture. Bottomless coffee and a great bitter greens salad are icing on the cake. Cash only but tax and tip are included in all the prices so there are no surprises. Maybe they'll expand to offer outdoor seating in warmer weather! Fingers crossed and I'll definitely be back.100% plant based  BEST Vegan "Grab and Go" spot yet.  If you're ever in Philly, you gotta go... Vegan or not.  The owner, Steve, definitely added love to the experience.  We ordered more from here to eat throughout the day and for dinner but ate it before taking picturesI had been to the Vegan Commissary for a FooBooz After Dark Event and after looking at the menu board really wanted to come back and check it.  So when a group of yelpers were headed here for brunch I jumped at the opportunity to go back and brought a friend giving me the opportunity to try more dishes.  The poached avocado and hash was amazing and super filling, I'm really glad I ordered this item, I think half the table did and no one seemed disappointed.  My friend got the mushroom grits they were alright; I think I'd skip them for other items on the menu.  But he also got the side of potatoes and those were amazing, melted in your mouth.  I absolutely love that tip and tax is included in all the prices makes the bill so much easier and with our large group they were awesome enough to give everyone individual checks.  I wish this place was a little closer to home I might find myself here more often if it was.My girlfriend and I have both come to the conclusion that Vegan Commissary is honestly the best, AND affordable vegan cuisine in the city. We are constantly on the hunt for plant based food in the city and we've tried almost every option imaginable. These guys truly stand out. SOO delicious and creative. Also happen to be some of the nicest people we've come across. Their new layout is designed to where you walk into a front room with already prepared food in a refrigerator. They have fresh made to order sandwhiches to choose from as well. I believe their "main hustle" is catering but their fresh made sandwiches are our go to options. Everything we've tried is awesome. Fresh squeezed juices, muffins, cookies, kombucha...I'm telling you it's the best. Give them a try you will not be disappointed.Awesome vegan spot in Philly. The inside is not really a restaurant, it's a kitchen so it's built for a grab and go style. I got the meatball sub because they were out of the brunch. Awesome, flavorful, and filling. Also got a cookie but that was not good at all (hard as a rock and just tasted like sugar). Sandwich was pretty great. Total price is as it shows up on the menu, so no digging for chance. Paying with card has swipe fee, so go with cash!We were very excited to try a new vegan brunch spot. The menu looked fantastic. The food and service was just okay. For your vegan dollar, there are a lot better choices. If you're not vegan, there is absolutely no reason to go to this place.
We had the pancakes, the brunch burger, the french toast, sides of potatoes and scrapple, and coffee.  The pancakes were enormous in both width and depth, but the center of one of them was raw uncooked batter - they hadn't been on the grill long enough. If they had cooked them properly, it would have been the one high point of the meal. The brunch burger comes with a generous topping of ripe avocado, but aside from the creaminess of that and the hollandaise, the sandwich lacked flavor. The kale side salad had a tart but underspiced dressing. The french toast was good, but expensive for the portion size. One of us thought the potatoes were oversalted and the others thought they were okay. The scrapple was just okay. That's pretty much the bottom line: It was just okay.
The service was friendly but not too skilled or crisp. The menu board has no description of any of the items. We drained our coffee cups and put them to the side of the table for refills, and it took a long time even though the place had just opened and wasn't even half filled. 
Total was $51 for 3 people. Tipping is "not expected or required", so we didn't. Cash only.I can only speak on behalf of the breakfast - but not many places offer a good vegan breakfast. Where I live there is no where to go out for breakfast - so for me this is a rare treat. The food is amazing. The staff is attentive and super friendly. The interior is small - but cozy with homey feel. It's a great place to get some grub in the morning on your way out of the city if you're an out of towner like me. I look forward to this gem every time I visit the city. As many other reviewers have stated, the tip and tax are included in the menu price. So what you see is what you get, which is something unique in the US. And!! they now accept credit cards - which is so convenient.This place is amazing! My friend and I visited for brunch on Saturday and ordered:
Tempeh Hash with Poached Avocado
Breakfast Wrap
Sparkling Apple Cider
Sparkling Chai
White Tea
On the side we had cinnamon buns with the most delicious icing.
 For dessert was:
Vegan Creme Brulee
Peanut Butter Cup Pie 
All the food was delicious and fresh. I highly recommend this place to add to a vegan Philly "must eat" list and would still recommended this restaurant to anyone who loves food. The service was quick and attentive and there was a small, homey, laid back feel about the entire place. Also, I have never traveled into that area of the city, and cannot wait to go back!! The only take cash, however, so be prepared.Delicious food!  The breakfast sandwich with potatoes is amazing.  If you ever see the special chocolate banana French toast get it or you will regret it the rest if your life!  My only complaint is that they never have cinnamon rolls on weekends and run out of stuff.  There's obviously a demand vc!! Get some more damn cinnamon rolls!  I want to enjoy more of your deliciousness! No tipping is required bc they actually pay their workers right! More businesses need to follow this model.Was kind of scared at first because I had heard their service was, "too cool" and "distant" yikes. But I don't know what those reviews were about. Our server was very kind and attentive. The tip is included in the price, so I don't think people should expect 5-star service. More like a counter place. They will maybe treat you better in hopes of a better tip, but they aren't living off the tips (which I think is amazing and a good business model, so what if I have to ask for a refill?)
I had the Poached Avocado Hash and it was AMAZING. Probably the best vegan breakfast I've ever had. Wish it was spicier (the hollandaise is a bit sweet) but they had sriracha at the table! Yay! My friend had the french toast and it looked very good, he isn't vegan and he said it was one of the best french toasts he's ever had. Good place to bring non-veg friend for sure! I honestly have to try to figure out a way to make that hash at home because I don't live in Philly, or figure out a way to go to Philly more often lol. It's a Philly must for brunch.First time visiting this morning.  The staff were super friendly and fun--great conversation:)  I got the brunch sandwich and....wow!  It was made with love.  Can't wait to get it again.  And I got some sweet treats and they were amazing, as well.Horrible, horrible service.  A poster child for, if you're going to have a "service-included" policy, that management needs to be proactive in ensuring good service.
Before arriving, we called in to ask what the way would be, whoever answered the phone said "it's rainy and we're lazy, so we really don't know how long it will be. sorry we can't be more helpful."  We really should have taken this as a bad sign and not went, but we took the chance anyway.  Big mistake.
Our food took about 40 minutes to be served to us.  During this 40 minutes of time, we were checked on exactly once by a server (about 15 minutes in) to say our food "would be right out."   At about 39 minutes in, we tracked down the hostess and asked what was up with our food; she apologies offered to pack it up for us to go (not useful to us since I was about to go on a 2-hour drive).    They said something was wrong with their "flat top", but if so, they should let us know this and let us change their order.  I said, pretty loudly, "maybe I should just pay for the iced tea and leave".  Magically, at this point the food came out.
Now, the above is bad enough, but when the manager came out, he was just a litany of excuses "we got a bunch of orders at the same time".  The only thing he offered was a 15% discount for our *next* visit (as if we want to go again after such horrible service).   There was no attempt at accountability, or actually fixing things for us this visit; which is inexcusable since they clearly didn't earn the "service charge" they had included in their price.  A bunch of empty apologies, but no attempts at fixing things properly.  After the manager had clearly refused to do anything for us on the current bill, we said "we're going to write a bad review for you."  His reply: "I'm sure you're going to do that anyway."  No, sir, we wouldn't have.  Had you at least attempted to make amends in a reasonable way, we would have noted that here, and you'd be at least looking at a 3-4 star review for at least trying.  Instead, you just made clear that you don't even really care if your service is good or not.  
As for the food quality itself?  Ok, I suppose.  The menu is certainly very creative, and parts of it  good (but other parts bland), but there is no food good enough to overcome such bad service, and, even worse, a horrible attitude towards that bad service.Vegan Commissary why were you not open when I lived in Philadelphia?!? 
I've since moved away (not forever, I hope) and on a return trip went here and loved it. The food (biscuits and gravy) was delicious and a perfect amount (not too much or too little). The service was friendly and timely, but best of all they include tip & tax in the price. It's great to look at a price and already know exactly what you'll be paying. Also the waitstaff is then guaranteed a decent wage. 
I'll totally be back here the next time I visit Philadelphia and would gladly recommend Vegan Commissary to anyone!Ever have poached avocado?  Well you sure should, real fast.  It's absolutely delicious.  
I went here for brunch and was very impressed.  They have a very nice brunch menu which is available on the weekends.  The waitress was very sweet and passionate about the place, which always helps.  I am a vegetarian, so cheese/eggs are usually part of my brunch routine.  Trust me, you won't miss them here!
During the week they only serve dinner, but the menu for dinner looked really good and I'm very excited to go back.  They make it very apparent that this is a vegan only spot, which could turn off some people.  However, I think PLENTY of non-vegans will really enjoy this place.  I'm so lucky that this place opened so close to me!
Don't forget to try their fresh squeeze juices that the waitress informed us are made fresh right up the street.  
The prices are a little bit higher than people may be used to, so they write that tips are not expected at all.  I went on their website and they make the prices as they are so they may pay employees a good living wage.   Don't get me wrong its not "expensive" they probably ad about $2-3 dollars to each option.  I must say I'm not at all comfortable with not tipping, so either way I'm going to tip.  
It's so enjoyable to leave brunch feeling LIGHT and recharged, instead of feeling like you need to take a 3 hour nap. I will be back oftenAmazing! Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I may have to order a week of meals at some point in the future.I am from New York. I was seeking good vegan food while in Philly. I ate some great pizza at Blackbeards and even had Thai. I was happy to find this place with my favorite breakfast indulgence.....pancakes. I went with someone. We both ordered pancakes. The waitress warned us that one order could feed two people. I laughed, and told her,  "Oh I can eat the whole thing". She looked at me and said you will see. 
Damn things were so light, fluffy and moist that I wanted more. I also ordered mushroom scrapple which taste reminded me up of thanksgiving stuffing.Topped off with coconut lime green tea (unsweetened)
Wait, did I read this is now closed? What happened? It was a great find!!!!Yelp brought us here. We went on a Friday around 1:00 or so.. I think we were the only people there but our waitress, Christine (I think) was nothing short of amazing. We had both never been there before and she made a few suggestions and also let us sample some sauces since we were unsure. I went with the fried green tomato club which had lettuce,  tomato (obviously), onion, avocado, tempeh, and green goddess sauce... It was pretty awesome. My boyfriend had the brunch burger and ate his plate clean! Both came with salads that were fresh. We had the fried mac and pea balls which were so tasty and cheezy, it was definitely a splurge but hit the spot if you are craving some vegan comfort food. I can't wait to go back!Such a unique and special place - cash only and tax and tip is built into the menu price.  How refreshing!  Wondering if it's because like every vegan I know is a penny pinching cheapskate (did I say that out loud?) 
Either way - I've been a huge fan of chef Steve's offerings at places like sook hee's for a while and I had been looking forward to going ever since it opened.  This place met all my expectations. 
Bright and comfortable atmosphere, extremely friendly staff, and delicious offerings make it truly 5 stars. 
First up were the cinnamon rolls which were a special of the day. Flakey and sweet and served with butter - these were such a treat!  I got a reanimater coffee which was served as one cup or bottomless. Then I had a  kale salad which was crisp and refreshing with almonds and tofu.  It was very filling.  My friend had the biscuits and gravy special which was, again, a huge hit. The gravy was mushroom based and the whole entree was very opulent and served with homefries.  The biscuits were topped with these interesting onion rings that were crispy and savory.  The biscuits were stuffed with spinach so at least you had the appearance of an actual vegetable! For dessert you MUST order the peanut butter cup.  It's an oversized chocolate and pb treat.  So rich with a crumbly chocolate crust and a gooey peanut butter filling.  
I can't wait to come back and try the other menu items - everything looks amazing and I have a feeling everything tastes that way as well.This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat in Philadelphia.  As someone who has only been vegan for just over a year, I typically go out for vegan junk food to satisfy my craving for things like pizza and meaty sandwiches.  This place, aside from its veggie burger, offers nothing like that and it is quickly returning me back to the adventurous mindset I used to have when my dining options were endless.  One of the most intriguing things about Vegan Commissary is that they aren't making the same ol' bland dishes you've had ruined by other vegan restaurants ie the rarely decent tofu Benedict. These guys serve a similar dish of poached avocado over tempeh hash that has a miraculously authentic-tasting hollandaise that has a remarkably fatty mouthfeel. This is a great feat and I commend them for not just have blended silken tofu, lemon juice and spices. 
Then there are the desserts I keep hearing about. I STILL haven't had one of the because they are always selling out due to popular demand. I can't wait to try one of their peanut butter cup pies.
Love the casual atmosphere, great food, extensive non-alcoholic drink menu, friendly staff and owner and the interesting way they do business.this place is delicious! I loved it! 
Service was great. Food was great. Portions were perfect. Everything the server recommended was amazing. 
This is definitely a must go to spot for brunch in Philadelphia!Somehow they manage to make gluten free pancakes fluffy! I've been here 3 times so far and each time the food blew my mind. At times they run out of certain items, so make sure if you really want something, come early :) Limited hours and parking can be difficult, but it is 100% worth the effort to come here! When we first visited Vegan Commissary they didn't accept credit cards, now they do but with a $1 surcharge. You can't leave without getting dessert, I promise the chocolate peanut butter cup is worth every calorie! :)Went here to have brunch on a Sunday. Everything was amazing. Go early they were out of cinnamon buns which I wanted to try. I had the choco sour dough pancakes and breakfast sandwich, after having these I can't imagine them serving anything that's not good.My favorite place in Philly, wish I could eat here for every meal. Great Vegan options and the staff is extremely nice and helpful, easily the best brunch I've ever had, will definitely be going to Vegan Commissary as often as possible. We've brought Vegan, Vegetarian and Meat eating friends here and all have loved the food! I my opinion, don't waste your time at the expensive Vegan options in the city, just grab a meal here and it will be better and less expensive in a more friendly atmosphere.Incredibly delicious!!!!  10 of us thoroughly enjoyed the bridal shower for my daughter last weekend.  Every item on the menu, prepared by Steve for the occasion, was amazing: pink peppercorn cashew cheese and boursin style tofu cheesewith homemade croutes, kale salad with smoked beets and candied pecans, suffed delicata squash, chocolate peanut butter pie + more!  The portions were so generous, we were able to continue munching for days....YUM!  Our server was delightfu.  Thanks, Vegan Commissary for a memorable time.  Really looking forward to trying brunch!Here's they thing: the food was tasty. My daughter scarfed down the hummus pierogies with salad & tzaziki dressing in under five minutes. My fried green tomato club hit all the right notes with smoky tempeh, plenty of avocado & Goddess dressing. The husband said his vegan cheesesteak was the best vegan cheesesteak he's ever had - the jalepenio jam put it over the edge.
But there's something a little off about Vegan Commissary. I get the whole no frills, clean lines motif, but there's a difference between minimalism and despair. From the harsh lighting, to the absence of any attempt at interior design, to the lack of any separation between the entryway and the seating area, there's almost nothing to draw you in and make you feel comfortable. 
The food is good enough to get people in the door but I worry that without a warmer & more inviting experience they won't be drawn to come back again.How exciting to finally have another vegan breakfast option in Philly. Probably more appropriate to get to with a car or as a reward after a run through South Philly. Satisfies the sweet and savory vegan brunch desires:  the vegan pancakes were probably the fluffiest and most flavorful I've had, the okonomiyaki was unique and perfectly done (a savory pancake with pickled scallions, green beans?, edamami, and topped with shredded radishes), fruit salad with pomegranate, pear, fresh mango, YUM! They even have a selection of refreshing Kambucha drinks. 
I hope to go back there next time I'm in town and try the lunch and dinner menus.They are not closed! The food is excellent, and the owners are very nice! They have a limited menu that changes! I've had the tacos, BLT, cinnamon buns, carrot dogs, and tamales--and they were all delicious. While everything I've had has been really good, the Mexican IMO is the best! Worth a visit or two or three!I'm not a vegan, but it didn't really matter because everything was so tasty. We both got the pancakes and coffee. The pancakes were hearty and incredibly filling. The pancakes even taste good plain. You get two large pancakes. I had to take half home because they were so filling. I would definitely come back for these again!
The service was friendly and accommodating. The coffee was delicious as well. Take their advice and get the coconut coffee creamer if you take 'milk' in your coffee. I would have liked to know beforehand that the drip coffee cost $3.50-4.50 per person; the prices weren't listed on the drink menu. It was bottomless coffee so ended up being worth the cost. 
All of their prices include tax AND tip, so it makes the prices seem a little higher than you'd expect. They are cash only!!! (no ATM inside)
Overall, a pleasant experience! I'll be back!!This place is amazing! The owner and staff are so nice and helpful. My husband and I were doing our own Philly "cheesesteak" tour and LOVE the one here. We were telling the owner how much we liked the jalapeño jam and he sent us home with a container of it! I really can't wait to go back and eat here again.From the appearance of their menu and website, the place was much more modest and hipster than I imagined. The dining area was very small and traditional looking with wooden chairs. The area was very open and calm. The menu was written up on their wall of a chalkboard as well as printed on paper. The people were very friendly and down to earth as well. 
I had the Mac and Cheese Ball and the potato salad. They were both very yummy!
There is nothing healthy about the mac and cheese ball, but it's good vegan comfort food if you're looking for it. I haven't had Mac n cheese since who knows when (let alone fried) so it was certainly a lovely treat! The potato salad tasted just like the real thing, and I love how the potatoes were cut in huge chunks. 
I'd love to have it again, but they said they change their menu every Wed. There are always positives and negatives to that. The positives are that you always get to try something new, but the negatives are that if you want to have it again, you have to wait a long time.
Still the place is great and keeps you comin!We have eaten at every single vegan restaurant in this city at least once (and mostly scores of times), and we are so happy to add this to our Veg*n Philly list!  The food is spectacular for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters too, making it a really nice place to take family and friends.  There are so many options that any type of eater will be happy.  Moreover, the wait staff will help you make good selections, and the chef will customize meals to your preferences.  For example my husband had the spicy miso soup, but I was told I could get it "minus the heat!"
I love my vegetables so I ordered the grilled veggies and polenta.  It was beautiful and it tasted so good. The presentation was over the top terrific, and the taste was also.  I finished every last bite and then I ate the most scrumptious dessert of all - the chocolate peanut butter pie. It was really delicious.
The beverage menu suits me too.  I selected a white tea, but there was green and black tea also.  There were other drinks, and it is a BYOB too for those of you who like an adult beverage with your meal. 
The owner has terrific skills and ideas about how to run a restaurant, and the staff is well-trained and knowledgable.  The restaurant is laid out so that you can have a quiet meal with two (like we did on New Year's eve) or a large group of friends eating together.  The restaurant has nice lighting, something I appreciate, and lovely framed art work on the walls. 
Sara's bottom line: Great food, Great menu, Great service, Good parking nearby.  Prices are moderate (they include tip in the price) and justified.  Not just for vegans, but if you are vegan or vegetarian or just care about your health, you are gonna love this one!Great!  Unlimited iced coffee with Coconut cream, the cheese/pea nuggets are so yummy and the mini - cinnamon buns are delicious.  I had the breakfast sandwich with hash and it was fantastically good and HUGE.  I can't wait to go back for dinner.  Get there early because there was a line out the door.  The servers are so nice and accommodating.  My entire brunch there was fantastic and superior from service, to ambiance, to the quality of food.  Can't wait to go back.  Hopefully soon!I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it when i don't have to search the entire menu for vegetarian options!  We came as they opened on a Saturday morning and were the first diners.  People quickly trickled in within a half hour.  It was quite obvious they have a faithful following.  I knew they were cash only so i came prepared, or so i though.  My two complaints (hence i deducted a star) about this place is they couldn't break a $100 bill and my coffee wasn't refilled even though our waitress stated she would be right back to top me off.  I had to walk down the bodega for the atm, pay the atm fee and my non-bank fee.  I would think a cash only place would be prepared to handle this kind of a situation even if they were just opening for the day.  
Anyway the coffee was great.  I had the japanese pancake called okonomoy­aki.  It was made of taro root flower with veggies and oko sauce accompanied with pickled veggies.  This was more of a lunch entree rather than breakfast.  Nevertheless, the oko was delicious.  I loved the sauce.  They also give your crushed cashews mixed with something i can't recall to add a nice crunch to your bite.  The guy ordered the veggs damian which consisted of tofu with vegg yolk, broccolini, scrapple, potatoes, toast, and dipping sauce.  Even as a carnivore he enjoyed his meal.  I had a few bites and loved it.  The vegg yolk with the toast tasted quite close to the real thing.  I'd definitely recommend this place especially for the carnivores out there to try.  I can't wait to come back for another taste.  I guess i'll come prepared with smaller bills!I'm so happy another vegan option opened in Philadelphia.  This place definitely has something for everyone though.  The space is small and comfortable, with really cute decorations.  I especially like the seedling paintings on the bathroom walls.  
The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive.  From the descriptions of the food that our waiter gave, you could really tell he loved eating the food himself, and his enthusiasm was very infectious.  The prices include tax and tip (and are all a bit weird, like $6.97) so tipping is not expected at this establishment. The owner is trying a new concept where the waitstaff gets a normal wage in place of being reliant on tips.  Very European.  The prices of the food are also very fair.
The miso soup is to die for.  I want to swim in it.  I want to eat it every day.  Delicious.  Apparently on certain days you can order it with a side of noodles. Perfect for a cold winter day.
I ordered the butternut squash knudi and the chimmichurri seitan as my entree.  Both were flavorful and satisfying.  I was also impressed with the market sandwich and veggie burger that the other people at my table ordered.  Dessert looked good, but we were all way too full to order it.  
This place is cash only, BYOB, and no reservations.  They also serve brunch on the weekends,  which I can't wait to try.  I will be back again for dinner and I think this may become one of my new favorite restaurants.checked it out - it seems wonderful for what it is, but, as they'll tell you, Yelp hasn't let them update their listing. there's no seating; it's a vegan kitchen where you can grab prepared stuff from the fridge or place orders to go from the fridge. i'll definitely check this out when i have some to eat it, but right now i'm looking for a vegan sitdown brunch.
i'll give them four stars just because the guy who came out of the kitchen to explain was supernice. i'm sure i'll upgrade it to five once i taste their food.Had a very disappointing trip here and have been twice just to make sure it wasn't an off night.
Had the tempeh hash brunch on my first trip with a "poached" avocado (it is just half an avocado on some really salty tempeh).
Went for dinner with some friends and tried a lot of stuff and all of it was very underseasoned and bland, with the exception of a butternut squash dish which was REALLY salty. For dessert we had the peanut butter pie which had a thick layer of chocolatey topping and a flavorless, not sweet crust (almost nutty but didn't pair well with the scant amount of peanut butter filling). I tasted my friend's cheesecake which tasted like baked vegan cream cheese in a soggy graham cracker crust.
The server was great, I will say that, but they have to be because the chalkboard menu is hard to read depending on your seat and none of the menu items are explained. One of my friends ordered a dish and the thing that came out was not at all what she expected. They also include tip in with the cost of food so you don't get to tip your waiter according to how they perform (ours deserved his tip, but who knows if the food actually costs $15 and he only got to pocket $1).
Overall, the experience was pretty bad both times and all my friends have agreed, ESPECIALLY for the price. There are just simply better options out there for a much better price point than the Vegan Commissary, the menu also isn't cohesive so I'm not sure what they are going for (japanese dishes and fine dining mixed with burgers?).
The competition for great vegan food in Philly is heating up and this place just falls very short.vegan brunchers come here and bring your omnivore friends! when we first walked into this restaurant our first thought what a hole in the wall. It has unique art work on the one wall and on the other a chalkboard with their menu. Service was cool and good. I tried to order the most unique item that I can't make myself or order at another restaurant. Got the avocado tempeh hash. Very good! the sauce tastes exactly how I remembered hollandaise sauce tasted like. My fiancé ordered the French toast. I tried some of this and it was def very good but way too filling! A couple bites I was good. And don't forget to try their famous peanut butter chocolate cup. It's the most popular desert they have there. And like in all the other reviews all their prices include the tip and cash only!I loved this little place! I'm not a vegan or vegetarian, but I like healthy food. It's BYO. The prices are very reasonable (tax and tip included- you can tip extra of course) and the food was wonderful. I really liked the linguine bolognese, the raw apple pie, and the peanut butter cup. Do not pass on the fresh pressed juices (gold and pink were amazing). I'm  looking forward to trying brunch.Hush puppies, Mac n' cheese with meatballs, and beet juice lemonade oh my! A and I dined there this evening and it did not disappoint. Super cute atmosphere, utterly delish food, and the surprise bonus of cookies to take home with us makes this place a sure to come back to very very soon destination. Oh and might I add that that the Brussels sprouts were so good that I wanted to drink the rest of the sauce that was left (for the record, I did not). And the beet juice lemonade was absolutely unbelievable. And I hate beets. So there. Go here. Bring your friends (veg or not). Everyone is sure to enjoy something.Finding a good vegan restaurant is never an easy task, which is why we often opt to cook at home.  Vegan Commissary is an INCREDIBLE exception to the rule!  We visited on a Saturday afternoon, but found that they serve breakfast all day which was a nice surprise.  
We ordered the soup of the day, Potato Leek, which was delicious and super-filling.  We also ordered a side of the mushroom scrapple as well as the legendary poached avocado over hash.  The scrapple was fantastic and virtually identical to traditional scrapple, with a crispy outside and soft, savory inside.  When I was younger, I found a toenail in my scrapple, so it was nice to be able to eat it again without having flashbacks.
The poached avocado hash was so rich and in a perfect portion.  I didn't quite finish it all, but felt awful about leaving the last two bites because it was just so darn good.  We spoke with Steve, the owner, and told him how much we enjoyed our meal.  He was very complementary of his cooking staff and really has a passion for providing a satisfying vegan meal with quality ingredients.  We can't wait to go back!This place is awesome. Me and a group of friends went about a month ago with high expectations, and they were all surpassed. I ended up splitting the hush puppies with my friend as an appetizer, and while there wasn't too many, they were absolutely phenomenal and full of flavor. For the entre, I got the burger with but cheese. It was one of the freshest tasting veggie burgers I have ever had, and actually felt like a had a healthy and hearty meal. There's also a lot of great raw drinks and kombucha, which is a huge plus. Service was great, and the fact that tip is included is a nice change. Definitely worth going to.Wow... what a great addition to the Philly vegan scene!  Have been twice - once for brunch and once for dinner and can't wait to return!  Great food, sweet servers.  Love it!Let me preface this by saying that I am not vegan; I typically eat meat at every meal, and am frankly horrified by the mere thought of a cheeseless world. However, being that I appreciate any and all delicious foods, particularly brunch, I was enthusiastic to try out VC's brunch. 
First, this place is adorably teeny and comfy. Also, whoever is doing their graphic design is perfection because I'm in love with their signage. A few reviewers have commented on the slight issue of the visibility of the chalkboard menu. I didn't have an issue, as I was seated along the opposing wall, but regardless, VC has been really good about keeping an updated daily menu on their website for easy access by smartphone. Problem solved.
Service was nothing short of excellent. Our server was friendly, prompt, and checked on us frequently without being annoying, which is a huge pet peeve of mine. Also, we had ordered the cinnamon buns which, for whatever reason, weren't available at the time. Our server recommended the cinnamon toast (more on that later) and even brought us a side of breakfast potatoes on the house for the inconvenience!
So I guess I should probably comment on the food. Again, I am not vegan. But. This food was bomb. My boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy (which I didn't get the chance to try, but he loved!) and the quinoa porridge, and I ordered the brunch burger and cinnamon toast. The burger was definitely above average as far as veggie burgers go, but what really won me over was the vegan hollandaise and avocado. The burger also came with a nice kale salad on the side. 
Okay. So I cannot stress this next part enough: they have the best cinnamon toast I have ever eaten in my entire life. Nothing NOTHING compares. Sadly we didn't get to try the cinnamon buns, but based off the sheer ridiculousness of the toast, I will definitely be getting cinnamon buns next time (okay maybe toast too).
We also ordered dessert to go. Key lime pie and Meyer lemon cheesecake. ...I don't know how they do it but both were equally delicious. Texture and flavor were dead on.
Extra perks: tea served in a little teapot! Adorable. Also, no tips necessary! Tax and tip are included in the pricing which makes check time SO easy AND this means they pay all employees a working wage + benefits.
Overall, super good. Going back as soon as i get the chance. I will definitely write another review once I make it there for dinner!First off, they are now at 1429 Wolf St in a prime South Philly neighborhood with easy parking.  
Now to the meal I just had there for today's brunch:
I arrived 20 minutes early and was greeted by both Steve and Dave, the two hosts for what was a "chef's table" four-course brunch, including paired cocktails throughout.  These guys are amazing dudes and really know their craft.  Loving, warm, and attentive.  I got to sit in the kitchen and actually watch the chef and sous chef prepare the meal.  Real fun. 
I am not too well-versed on culinary language, so let me just say that the food was incredible.  See the pics of both the menu and a few dishes for specifics. My favs were the hash and the dessert.  But everything was absolutely on point. I am definitely coming back and making this my weekly spot.  Perfect 10.Cash only and tip is included in the price, which works for me. The mini cinnamon buns are a must!!! Breakfast is good for non-vegans if you stick to the recommendations  like the poached avocado with tempeh hash. The portions are decent and filling and the service is great!Finally made it out to vegan commissary for breakfast. My dining partner and I both ordered the breakfast biscuit sandwich, hers with scrapple, mine with tofu bacon. The biscuit was delicious, fluffy, moist, and flavorful. Ditto the bacon. The only shortcoming was the tofu "egg," which had a bit of an odd flavor, but a little Siracha solved the issue. I hope to replicate the vegan biscuit, it was as good as I remember a biscuit being. Our server was great, she knew the menu and suggested the bacon! The coffee was a little weak, but it's a minor gripe, overall I recommend spending a weekend morning here.Had a nice brunch at Vegan Commissary. The waitstaff was warm and friendly; atmosphere was great. My gluten-free companion loved her miso soup (minus the noodles) and GF bagel. The Reanimator coffee was also delicious. 
I was a little disappointed with my Tempeh Hash With Poached Avocado, though. It was tasty, but seriously lacking in the tempeh department. If they're going to stick to that recipe, they should call it "Pile of Potatoes Topped With Delicious, Creamy Avocado and Sprinkled With a Few Tiny Tempeh Cubes."Small take out vegan kitchen in Philly with delicious food! I had the Brunch sandwich and Fried Mac and Cheese Bites with Marinara sauce. The manager Steve was helpful and very friendly. Warning: this is not a sit down restaurant!buyer beware: this place (like so many south philly places) only accepts cash.
the review: we want a vegan start-up to succeed as much as anyone, but this place (despite the rave reviews) has some work to do. the eggplant fries were insanely greasy. combine the grease with the soft texture of eggplant, and you've got a wretch-worthy appetizer. but the real disappointment was with the entree of mac & cheese and meatballs. it's just a plate of very bland noodles and sauce with two meatballs. that's right, two meatballs. for 18 bucks! maddening, really. no doubt, the meatballs were tasty, but serving only two is insulting for that exorbitant price tag. and yes, the entree comes with a side salad, but that's nowhere enough to compensate for the huge bill. 
for comparison's sake, you can go to vedge--easily one of the best veg restaurants in the country--and pay roughly the same price for an appetizer and entree. we'd love to see south philly keep another vegan joint for the long haul, but until this commissary adjusts its prices and improves its quality control, we'll keep going to vedge.We had a great experience here at brunch last weekend with our kids.  Although I was slightly dismayed when I read the "cash only" note that was clearly displayed on front door, it worked out fine.  One plus is that the prices already include tax & tip, so it made things a little easier to budget with the limited cash in my pocket.
The atmosphere is laid-back with a clean asthetic.  The menu is on both the chalkboard & printed out.  We did have to ask for more explanations on some items, but the servers were really friendly & accommodating.  We ordered the savory & regular pancakes, a poached pear salad & a fruit salad.  Add on a refillable cup of ReAnimator coffee & we got out of there for 42 bucks and change.  Not bad at all.  And the food was delicious.  Our kids loved the vegan pancakes, but we thought the savory pancake was the real star!
They are also BYOB, so dinner would be a good option for a nice vegan date night without having to totally splurge.  The dinner menu looked appealing, so I hope we can make it back here soon.Luckily for me, a vegetarian that happens to live right off Passyunk Ave, Philly is no stranger to vegan-friendly restaurants/dishes. When the Commissary opened, my SO and I were def eager to check it out since we both live that lifestyle and diet. Breakfast here is out-of-control delicious. If you like country styled biscuits but need a little twist, go here. There breakfast dishes and lunch dishes are all fantastic and the portions make it worth every penny. I've never left here hungry. And the dessert is to die for. Really. 
The service is absolutely spot-on. The hosts and waiters are as very friendly and polite as they get. And it's so easy to strike up a conversation with them and not feel rushed or awkward. The owner of the place is also sincere and genuine and concerned with how you are and is open for any critique or conversation you have to offer. 
Keep up the great work, Vegan Commissary!Fantastic food for a great price as well aw well. Super healthy and tasty. Would love to see their catering all over town. Meatball sandwich especially! Oh and carrot hotdog!I have been wanting to brunch here for a while now, and finally got the opportunity when some vegan friends were in town. We showed up on a rainy and terrible Sunday morning at 11am (prime brunching time). I was pleased that there wasn't a wait as long as we were willing to sit at the counter looking outside (which we were). The place is definitely smaller than I anticipated on the outside and though the decor is a bit lacking, it's definitely cozy. There were two things that kept this meal from being 5-stars, and the first one was the coffee. You had a choice of brews and my whole crew went with the Reanimator dark roast, which I have had many times before. For some reason though, it was terrible here. The coffee cups are about 5 ounces (literally, they are laughably small) and the coffee was just plain bad. I am not sure if it was old or brewed wrong, or what. The coconut creamer didn't even help. Next, they were out of the drool-worthy cinnamon rolls (which was a bummer, but I am not docking them on that).
All of the food was presented well and tasted amazing. My boyfriend and I split the cinnamon toast, which comes on HUGE pieces of fluffy texas toast with tons of Earth Balance and sugar. Then, we got the poached avocado hash and the breakfast wrap. The potatoes that came with the wrap were super good, and the hollandaise on the hash was the best vegan variety I have ever tasted. Everything was very filling and satisfying. My friends also got the hash and the breakfast sandwich, as well as a pancake. After tasting it all, I would definitely order the breakfast sandwich if I go again, and be warned that the pancakes are massive (and fluffy!). Service was great- there are no complaints here. It's pretty cool that the tax and tip is all wrapped up into the process from the start too! However, the last boo came when we got the bill. Though they are no longer cash-only, they charge you an extra $1 for every credit card that you use when paying your check, as a "service fee". I would rather have a cash only joint than some made-up fee tacked onto my bill (which is also not stated on the menu) and it left a definite bad taste in my mouth. I know its just a buck, but it's still a jerk move.After getting stuck from a terrible American Airlines flight gone wrong, we spent the night in Philly, woke up starving and stumbled upon this gem of a vegan cafe/catering company. The baker was super sweet to us, made a gluten free modification of one of the dishes, and gave us a free (and fucking delicious) cookie. I had the wolf sandwich, which is the best vegan sandwich I've had (and I live in LA/land of vegans). Vegan commissary, yr dreamy! Thank you :)I read the reviews here and I was shocked at all the raves. Me and the boy went there for brunch. Water wasn't cold, no ice. Menu didn't have many descriptions of items, which you definitely need if you don't want to ask the waiter every five seconds--- and you will ask, because the menu has some interesting items on there. Food did not blow me away, but the combos and options are definitely unique. Great fresh squeezed orange juice. Service was great, but the place needs some refining. Interesting to have tips/taxes into the meals... but not sure if I like that.Brunch update!
I finally got to try out Vegan Commissary for brunch, after hearing that it was a must-eat vegan meal. I organized a group of around 10 of us to hit up VC on a Saturday last weekend at 11. As soon as we all arrived, the servers put a few tables together and we sat down. The service, overall was very good, over the course of the meal: attentive and fast.
My husband and I split the mini cinnamon roles which were sweet, soft and wonderful. Next, we split two dishes: the veggs Damien and the poached avocado. The veggs Damien was by far my favorite dish! I have been missing soft boiled eggs, and this dish captured them completely. The mushroom grits on the side were very bad. But the toast, "eggs", broccolini and home fries made up for that in spades. I was full after half of this dish!
I have two complaints and they are kind deal breakers. One, the coffee is very pricey, they charge if you want refills, the one cup I had was the size of an espresso cup, and the coffee itself was weaker than Wawa coffee. I did enjoy the coconut creamer, but otherwise, it was a total waste of money! 
And two, we got some serious attitude the morning of our event. I had received a message from VC asking that we "call ahead" to let them know exactly how many were coming. So, my husband called that morning a couple of hours before we got there, and was told that calling wasn't necessary and that they could not hold a table for us. Basically, he was given serious attitude for FOLLOWING VEGAN COMMISSARY'S DIRECTIONS and calling them. I don't think I'll be back after that attitude, honestly. But we had a UYE planned so we had to go that day.I LOVED this place! My server (I didn't get her name but she was a tall brunette with awesomely gauged ears) was very friendly, helpful, and answered all of our questions-which were numerous. 
The Fried mac and peas were amazing, and so was the French toast special with the 'nutella' sequel chocolate sauce and "bacon" ahh so good! Thanks for existing!Walked 40 minutes only to find they were on vacation. I called beforehand to make sure they were open and got voicemail with no message indicating they would be on vacation. Very disappointed to say the least. I am sure food is delicious but managerial skills need to improve.Went for brunch and their food is amazing. I got the cheesesteak and it was great. The side salad was awesome too. My friend (who is a meat eater) got the biscuits and gravy which was amazing as well. I can't wait till dinner starts there. I will definitely be back.I FINALLY made it to Vegan Commissary this weekend for brunch, & I'm so glad I did. Tina was our server, she was awesome. I had the biscuits & gravy. They started out amazing, but by the time I got to the second biscuit, they were less amazing. Maybe because I was getting full. I LOVED the potatoes that came with the biscuits & gravy...I want to eat them all day.
My friend & I also shared the tempeh hash (tasty, but could have been more flavorful & also we didn't really need to order that too) & the mini cinnabuns. THE MINI CINNABUNS! They were my favorite part. I'd go back just for them. Amazing!
I definitely recommend, it's a little far away from my Center City stomping grounds, but worth the subway ride (hahaha, it's 2 stops!).They didn't close; they moved to Wolf St. Excellent food & service. Special brunch one Sunday a month.wow. this place blew my mind the first time I went, so much that-even with the longish trip from my house- I was back within the week. 
Their brunch is beyond phenomenal. I recommend getting a few or their sides to share with your party, as well as an entree- I promise, you'll be so glad to have some left overs to munch on. My favorites included the pancakes with fruit or whatever special they have [the banana cream pancake was great- we snagged the last one], the mini pizza bagels and the lil cinnamon buns. 
Service is very personable and friendly as this going is so small. We've gotten the same waitress twice and she was always so helpful and sweet!Brunch Review:
I'll admit I was skeptical. There are few brunches I can remember loving that have not involved eggs or cheese or breakfast meats...ok, let's be serious, probably all three. Well, Vegan Commissary proved me wrong. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I loved my meal. Also BYOB!
My co-bruncher and I split the okonomiyaki (Japanese vegetable pancake which came with some pickled green beans and awesome spicy sauce) and the poached avocado with hash. Both were delicious, I'd highly recommend getting both. The poached avocado was their version of Eggs Benedict (my go to brunch order) smothered in fauxllandaise sauce and served over a flavorful, awesome hash. Also got a pot of green tea which was great for a cold day.
LOVE that tax and tip is included especially since it's cash only. Service was great! My only complaint about this place is the atmosphere... It seems a bit clinical, and not the cozy spot I'd like to stay a long time enjoying brunch in. The window seats probably make for great people watching though.
Highly recommend for meat lovers or haters, or people who have no strong feelings about meat...so yea everyone.During my first dinner at Vegan Commissary, I met the part owner of this new vegan hotspot, Steven. He's very passionate about providing a positive restaurant experience and he made sure we liked our meal and asked that we let him know if we had any issues at all. This East Passayunk restaurant has been open a little over a month. The atmosphere is a laid back and comfortable cafe; the food is decadent and on the fancy side.
I was here with my husband and we decided to go a little overboard because we wanted to sample so many different dishes. Our total bill was $55, then we added an additional tip. We weren't sure about tip being "built in" as other reviewers have stated, so we added one just in case. We ordered 2 soups, one side, one appetizer, one main dish and one dessert. The main entree was definitely large enough for the two of us to split. I think we could probably have skipped the side and the dessert and left happy, but we wanted to try so many things on the menu.
We each had soup to start our meal. I really enjoyed the tasty broth in the cannelini and kale soup. My husband's spicy miso soup is a specialty here, so do yourself a favor and try it out. Next up, we split an appetizer and a side: the butternut squash gnudi and the pickles. The gnudi was amazing; it's one of the closest things to actual ricotta cheese I've tasted since going vegan. I would describe the pickles as a healthy asian pickled slaw. For the main dish, we split the crispy polenta with root vegetables. That was a star dish for me. The polenta was crisp on the outside, creamy on the inside. The root vegetables were like candy, they were so addictive. Not sweet, just delicious. The creme brulee we split for dessert was good, but the creme wasn't the creamy consistency I remember from my pre-vegan days. I guess it's difficult to replicate that. 
The service was impeccable, and our waitress Nina was incredibly attentive and fun to chat with. Overall, great experience, and we'll be back. We also found out that discounted valet parking is planned for future months through the Passayunk association.Great new vegan spot in south Philly!  We went for Saturday brunch and thoroughly enjoyed it.  
We had pancakes, tofu bacon, and tempeh hash with poached avocado.  The tempeh hash and avocado was really original and yummy.  Pancakes were super fluffy and delicious.  
The servers and owner, who was there, were very friendly and accommodating.  One of the servers even brought out paper and pen for my 3 year old daughter to draw, when she saw that the kid was getting restless.  The place is cash only, and when the owner overheard me asking my husband if we had enough cash, he offered to let us come back to pay after eating if we didn't have enough cash to cover our meal.
I hope this place sticks around!  Will be heading back soon for dinner and desert.This place is a must-try if you are a vegan, vegetarian, or even an omnivore with an appreciation for good food.
The menu is creative, fun, and well executed. The Chickpea Tagine was my favorite entree of the evening, although the Polenta was excellent too. Their home made dressings and pestos were divine!
The kitchen is one of very few 100% vegan kitchens in Philadelphia.Service & food both fantastic. I will never forget the beet-tarragon lemonade the owner brought out for my group to sample while we waited for food. Not just the fact that free samples rule, but also that it was one of the best drinks I have ever had in my life. 
Menu is always creative & intriguing, changing often to celebrate seasonal produce. Another place that proves how much more exciting vegan food can be than basic "American" fare.So, my boyfriend has decided to start the new year off by avoiding animal products as much as possible.  My first reaction as a foodie was 'ugh' (sorry, had to be honest), but I'm now realizing that this has opened up a whole new world of food to both of us - and I am reeeeally enjoying the challenge.  Last weekend, I was debating between Vegan Commissary and Mi Lah for brunch.  I must thank my fellow Yelpers once again - based upon your reviews, we went with Vegan Commissary.  The space is small and simple, but we didn't have to wait for a table (yay!).  Our server was absolutely amazing - sweet, fun, attentive - we couldn't have asked for more.  First, I was heartbroken that they were sold out of the poached avocado with tempeh hash - I was really looking forward to it.  I went with the biscuits and gravy instead - two yummy biscuits smothered in a mushroom gravy and topped with some fried onions.  The gravy was thick, rich and had a delicious earthiness from the mushrooms.  The biscuits were dense, which was fine for soaking up that gravy - and a little salty.  The dish also came with a side of breakfast potatoes.  I mention these separately for a reason - I consider myself a connoisseur of breakfast potatoes.  I ALWAYS order savory breakfast, so I tend to judge places on their potatoes.  I firmly believe that each side of the potato should be crisp with a tender center.  These are breakfast potatoes people, not roasted dinner potatoes.  This may sound silly, but it really makes a difference to me.  Vegan Commissary NAILED the potatoes - they're sliced thin (interesting choice) which allows for the crispy exterior that I crave.  We also ordered the cinnamon buns which were sweet, flaky and gooey and were the perfect ending with my coffee.  Also thanks to my fellow Yelpers, we snagged a peanut butter cup pie to go.  I have absolutely no words to describe how delicious and sinful this tasted.  My boyfriend and I might have joked about making it our wedding cake.  Oh yeah, my boyfriend!  He ordered pancakes with fruit (cinnamon apples) and I have zero explanation for how VC made such 'buttery', melt in your mouth pancakes.  My boyfriend asked, and the waitress said even she didn't know the secret.  Thank you VC, keep up the great work, and we will be back!Absolutely delicious vegan food. Catch their vegan brunch! Truly unique dishes that taste great. One of the best vegan brunch places I've been too
They have Vegan Okonomiyaki (Japanese savory pancake with cabbage, tofu, onions etc) which is hard to find vegan. It was full of flavor and the texture was great. Fluffy on top with a thin crispy layer on the bottom. Drizzled with sriracha vegenaise sauce!
I also tried their Poached Avocado with Tempeh Hash smothered with Vegan hollandaise sauce. the tempeh hash is genius and went perfectly with the creamy hollandaise sauce. 
For a sweet kick I had mini cinnabuns with icing. Really sweet but a nice ending to a delicious brunch. I love that they are mini sized because to be honest, giant cinnamon rolls are pretty intimidating to tackle ! :p 
Nice casual atmosphere with great service.  Prices are $10-$15 for an entree which includes tax and tip. Prices listed already include tax and tip which explains the "odd" prices listed. 
All in all, a great experience.  If you're vegan or not, check it out! I'll be back for brunch next time I'm in philly! Also I heard their menu changes often so it won't get old :DSo glad this place opened in my neighborhood!   I've been there for dinner and today went for brunch.   Dinner was good (I had the antipasto for an app and zhatar eggplant for my meal).  Their brunch is amazing!   I had the breakfast wrap (tofu scramble,  kale, edamame, etc) and it was spiced perfectly.   My sister got the pancakes which were HUGE and fluffy.   We also split the cinnamon buns which were awesome.  Staff is super friendly and the owner is usually on site, making his rounds and chatting with customers.Went here last week and shared the watermelon salad, the fried Mac n cheese, and the BBQ seitan. All were delish, but the standout winner was definitely that BBQ seitan dish--from the potato salad to the collard greens to the corn on the cob and biscuits, each side was super flavorful and worked amazingly together. The Mac n cheese I would save for winter (not the best thing on a hot July day) and the watermelon salad was delightful and refreshing, although the proportions may have been a little off--(we wished for more greens--lots of super sweet charred melon!) but if that's my biggest complaint -- hats off to the vegan commissary!Love this place!! Best buckwheat pancakes ever. As a vegan and celiac, it was such a pleasure to eat here and know I was in good hands. Plus the owner is super sweet. Can't wait to go back!The Mac and cheese squares are pretty much a pass time must get them! The chocolate French toast was good but more of a dessert than a breakfast food. Man so goodOh. My. God. The cinnamon rolls. SO good. I honestly can't stop thinking about them. I was really looking forward to my first trip to Vegan Commissary, and it did not disappoint. I had the breakfast wrap which came with a side of potatoes. Everything on my plate was delicious. I can't wait to go back and try more food. But seriously, THOSE CINNAMON ROLLS! Drool.Vegan Commissary is a nice new addition to the vegan landscape in Philly, though I think they can tighten up their food offerings a bit.  I would give it a 3.5 after a first visit.  The food is homey, but not totally unlike something you might whip up in your own kitchen.  The dessert was the real standout -- a gingerbread cheesecake that was smooth and spicy and rich.  So good.  The service is fantastic -- our server was so friendly and knowledgeable.  The owner made several appearances throughout the night, taking time to talk to each table.  Super nice guy.  The prices are reasonable, especially considering tax and tip are included in the price of each dish.  An interesting concept.
The ambiance is relaxed, but not a spot for special occasions or romantic dinners.  The decor is spare and almost cafeteria-like, with only one window in the relatively small space.  This wouldn't necessarily have been an issue, except the open kitchen left the dining room thick and smoky.  Still, a good spot for a no-frills vegan meal, and the reviews definitely have me interested in a return visit during weekend brunch. 
Note:  VC is BYO and cash only.I just attended an event here, and we had a sampling of the menu. There was not a single thing that I tried that was not delicious. I appreciate the diversity of the menu, that natural ingredients, and also attention to the gluten-free. I cannot believe I have not been here before! It is interesting is that tax and tip are included in the menu prices.Wow. Leaving here definitely made me rethink ever eating meat again. I got "wolf st" sandwich and I'm just amazed at how all the flavors just made sense and would have never before. The chicken salad is bomb af and i think the price is good. Great food, just wish they had chairs because realistically i can't wait to get to my car lol. Very unique a hipstery If that's even a word.