The Spicy Sesame Tofu is superb and I do recommend it. The almond/cashew chicken tofu was very good but I wouldn't recommend getting the almonds, they seemed to take away from dish. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is relaxing and definitely great for dinner with friends.
I don't recommend the the mango slushy, it was basically mango water than an actual slushy.Wow, I really didn't expect such a delicious and satisfying meal from a grubhub delivery, but man was I wrong. I ordered sesame tofu and dumplings and both went above and beyond my expectations. Sesame tofu was perfectly crunchy on the outside, yet soft and delicious on the inside. Dumplings were perfectly crafted and full of yummy ingredients. I'm definitely going to start ordering my vegetarian chinese food from here from now on. This places poops on new harmony.Nice little restaurant.  I came in on a Thursday evening and I was the only customer.  Needless to say, it was very quiet!  The staff was very friendly.  I ordered the "chicken" nugget appetizer out of curiosity.  It was pretty good.  The eggplant tofu (under Home Style) was also pretty good.  Pretty standard fare.  And it came with brown rice (a bonus for me).
All in all, a cute little restaurant.  Great for vegetarians.  I myself am not one, but do enjoy going meatless every once in a while.  Small, cozy, and very clean.Wife and I ordered very different dishes and both were as bland as could be. Even the hot pepper sauce on the table had no flavor. The soy sauce was the only thing with flavor and it was simply too salty.One of the things my husband misses most about the Northeast is vegetarian Chinese food. So as soon as we got to town we headed to Chinatown.
The pea shoot leaves were a favorite. I really liked the hot and sour soup too. For a vegetarian version, it was pretty flavorful. Dumplings were good too.
It's a small place, but it wasn't crowded when we arrived. They appear to do more takeout business. 
Portions are big, so the prices are reasonable. I'd recommend ordering less than you think you need, knowing that you can always add more dishes.Scallion pancakes tasted of rancid oil. Steamed buns were cold and obviously purchased next door. Ma po tofu came with soggy peas and carrots straight from the freezer. Maybe we just ordered wrong ,or the regular chef was on a bender, but we will not go back.I dig Veggie Lovers, ate there once, had delivery once. A really sweet & friendly girl works there, good customer service. 
Positives: Their General Tso's Tofu is great, I had it twice. I liked their curry potatoes & cauliflower, but it lacked both salt & brightness. Dumplings were great, had them twice too. Loved the spring rolls. I'm such a freak for Chinese appetizers.
Negative: Sadly, their hot & sour soup is still sitting in my fridge nearly a week since delivery. I think I had one spoonful? I compare all hot & sour soups to New Harmony's, this one was a fail. Eventually, I need to just spill it down the drain...I can't yet, it still feels wasteful. But yuck. Bad hot & sour soup COULD bring me down to 3 stars, that's how strongly I feel about it...
But for another positive: Bubble. Tea. Yes, the presence of vegan bubble tea brought them up to 4 stars. 
New Harmony will always be my Vegan Chinatown Go-To, but I'll definitely give Veggie Lovers some repeat business, for sure!Let me start off by saying their food is delicious. I've been here many times and had every intention of remaining a loyal customer. Unfortunately they just raised their prices big time. Things I used to order are now double the cost of what they used to be. I know their portions haven't gotten larger so I don't understand the bump in prices. I don't think I will be eating here very often.Very slow service and overpriced. We ordered the stir fry kale with tofu and super spicy tofu dishes. After a long wait for the entrees, she brought out one of the wrong dishes. After some explaining that it was not what we ordered, she took it back and had the kitchen make the right dish. We were almost done eating when the corrected dish came out. The super spicy tofu was good but not "super spicy". Also, they only serve brown rice.Yummy Chinese vegetarian food run by a super nice family!  A go to during my Philly trips.Decided to check out this place which opened recently, and so glad we did! Finally, a C-Town restaurant that boasts healthy vegetarian food, and lives up to expectations. I had been wanting to go here since they opened up a few weeks ago, but my boyfriend has been resisting vegetarian food since our lousy experience at Charles Plaza around the corner. Veggie Lovers turned him right around.
We started with the scallion pancakes, which were nice and crunchy but not greasy at all (how?!). I had the egg drop soup, and the boyfriend had hot and sour. Mine was perfect; his was a little glutenous but still delicious. We were bursting at the seams by the time the house special chow fun arrived, but what I tried of it was so good! Noodles were perfectly chewy, colorful fresh carrots and snow peas, tofu flavorful and just the right texture. This was my first time having vegetarian moo shu. It was a little lacking in flavor (boyfriend asked for plum sauce, but they didn't have any), but still pretty good. The complimentary tea was incredible, and made me want to try their their tea service next time. 
This restaurant is brand new, very tastefully decorated, if not a little quiet (no music). The servers are attentive, friendly, and the owner's English is great. Prices are totally reasonable, at under $15pp with tip, assuming a family style meal. All their entrees are $9-$14.
Sadly, apart from a couple of small take-out orders, we were the only customers at around 4pm on a Sunday. I really hope business picks up for these guys because they're a real gem. The only reason I'm knocking off a star is because they don't take credit cards yet, and I haven't tried enough different dishes to judge. I'm fairly confident they can work their way up to a five star rating.
I am a little confused about their name. Their menu says "Veggie Lovers" but the sign outside says "Veg Lovers." Rest assured they are one and the same.I guess we came here really early because there wasn't another table besides us. We went with the recommendations from yelp and it was pretty good. We went with the soy sauce tofu which was okay. The peanut sauce noodles was our favorite. The tofu stir fry was just okay. Service was okay. Nothing to rave about. I noticed there aren't too many vegetarian options in philly so it's worth visiting again next time I'm in townThis is a very nice place for vegan food. The delivery was a bit slow. But it was worth the wait. The quantity was very good for the price.This is the  top 10 ranking vegetarian restaurant in Vegetarian Journal cross the nation. With Green Menu Card,  you will enjoy 10% off of VIP discount. 
http://greenmenu.org/veggie-lovers/Been here ononce mPretty satisfied with what I got, just think it was on expensive side, like another reviewer comments considering "overall feel of the place," & the MUCH less expensive items, which there's plenty of.
Re: the MASSIVE PUT DOWNS this quaint CLEAN place (to my eyes) has received, I don't think they're on target, particularly the stupid ASS (pardon me, this person/kid must be one, though...) who made the TOTALLY UNFOUNDED remark the "restaurant seems like a run down kind of place." 
*Re: MY pokes at the pricing I feel I should concede my meal wasn't such an awful deal after all, given the portion size was enough for 3-4 serving! That's less than $3 for one!I wish I lived in Philly so I could eat here every day. This place is close to the convention center, so we ate here the two days it was open during our conference. Even my non-vegetarian friend loved it! 
I finally got to eat Won Ton soup after more than 20 years without it, since going vegetarian. It was better than I remembered! 
The tea was lovely, served in a precious tea set. I had the soy milk tea both days, delicious and refreshing.
The lunch deals are a really great value! Small soup + spring roll + lunch portion from select menu + rice. 
The hostess / server was friendly and professional.
The place was small but neat and clean. Nice atmosphere for conversation. Felt intimate enough for friends to talk, but also good for business meals. The bathroom was clean too. 
I'll miss this place until the next time I can drive up to Philadelphia!This is the first *normal* meal I've had in a vegetarian restaurant.This place was so bad. I like vegetarian food and tofu, but not at this place. The imitation chicken tasted nothing like chicken or tofu. Also we were the only people in the restaurant and the service was still really slow.This place has overpriced food and terrible service. Most entrees on the menu is $10 and up. My boyfriend and I went during the lunch special which was $6 I believe, for 3 sides. I got the General tso chicken, brown rice, seaweed salad, and spring roll. We waited 20 minutes for our food and during our wait we noticed that our utensils were very sticky and unclean. We took it to the bathroom and washed it ourselves. When we got our food we realized that the seaweed salad looked nothing like the picture on the menu. 10 minutes into eating and we realized that never got our spring rolls. When we almost finished eating, she came out with our spring rolls on a plate. She then proceeded to roll the spring rolls off the plate and into our plate. The food was alright but after that experience, I will probably never come back.Great spot for vegetarian Chinese! The food is well prepared, light, not too salty like some places. Felt healthy. Great lunch special. Spring rolls are crispy, tasty  and not greasy.Came In for lunch on a Saturday 
They still allowed me to used their Monday through Friday lunch special. It was delicious fish and brown rice. The miso soup was the most flavorful I've ever had. (Not salty).
They made me cold sweet tea.
Glad I came here, thank youthis place is so serene and cute. While I saw a few ppl do takeout, this is definitely a place you can sit down and eat too. The food is delicious and as a "veggie lover", I think the name is a perfect fit... every single thing I had at this place was delish!
I came for lunch, which is only like $6 a person...  I had the vegetarian steak with onions and peppers, brown rice, a spring roll and hot and sour soup. I tried my friend's food too. As a vegetarian, it's such a luxury to be able to order anything on the menu without worrying if it's made with meat or meat by-products.
Lunch Love, love, love this place... I will definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.I got the general tso tofu, veggie lo mein, and hot and sour soup. The general tso was delicious, but the hot and sour soup was pretty flavorless, and the lo mein had a bit of an unusual taste. Overall, I probably wouldn't come here again.I recently visited Veggie Lovers for lunchtime, and truly felt like this was the kind of place I want to tell others to go check out ASAP. 
The lunch started out with a nice pot of hot tea for myself and my lunchmate. After we checked out the menu, I decided to try the General Tso's Veggie Chicken as I've had this at a few other restaurants and hadn't come across one yet that didn't make me feel like I was sacrificing for eating the veg version. THIS one, however, was crisp on the outside, chewy inside and didn't make me feel like I was missing out at all. The sauce was thick and spicy, too. 
The lunch combos also come with a choice of soup and salad. I tried the miso soup to see how it compared with the ones I had in Japan (lived there for a couple years and rarely find soups as good as the ones I remember there). This miso soup was great, and didn't deprive on the konbu and tofu. I also tried the side seaweed salad, which was decent, though I prefer when they use a different variety of seaweed than the one I got because it was pretty chewy and pasta-like. 
The one disappointment was the Taro Shake which I was hoping would have some fresh taro, but mainly just seemed like it was taro milk with blended ice. 
My lunchmate had the spicy Eggplant and Tofu, with the wonton soup, which was also excellent. 
This is a vegetarian restaurant not only worth a visit for vegetarians but food lovers in general. Go there now!late. bland. inaccurate. never again. 
my pickup order which was to be ready in 15-20 minutes was ready in 45 minutes. the restaurant was only serving two tables so I couldn't understand the delay. one of the items in my order was missing the vegetables leaving me with deep-fried faux shrimp smothered in mayo. the kung pao dish was bland. (their spring rolls were good, though.) I will never ever return here.Just got takeout recently   several dishes all good,fresh and well prepared   nice speedy service ready faster than they said it would be    you will go for the gluten but stay for the asparagusYou will not be disappointed if you eat here!  We ordered the "Slim" tea (verbana and lemon grass) - it tasted smooth and sweet.  The service was excellent - our waitress kept filling up our teapot with this nectar of the gods.  The restaurant was clean.  There were not too many people there for a Friday night, which made it all the better for us!  We also ordered the Lettuce Wrap for an appetizer... fresh, julienne vegetables with a delicious sauce.  Our entrees were the bean curd and mixed vegetables and the Sesame Tofu...both were full of veggies and were too much for us to finish at the restaurant.You: "I don't know. These veggie meat entrees are too expensive."
You after you eat one of them: "Oh. Okay. Damn. That's worth it."I had a really good experience here last night. It was my boyfriend's sister's birthday and we had a table for six. The dining room is small and we were the only ones there for most of dinner.
Mom ordered a bunch of appetizers -- won tons, dumplings, scallion pancakes and fried tofu. I tried everything but the dumplings and the food was so tasty! I'm a vegetarian but I'm not big on Chinese food, so I didn't know what to expect, but I was pretty happy.
Next, we ordered several entrees and shared them. We got both the General Tso's chicken (fake chicken made from gluten) and the sesame tofu. The dishes are really similar, so if I had to do it over again, I'd pick one or the other. I did like the tofu slightly more than the Tso's chicken, though. Both came with a ton of broccoli, which was perfectly steamed. We also ordered a noodle dish and a few others. As you would guess, we had a lot of leftovers! Veggie Lovers is a BYOB and we brought wine and beer.
Perhaps the best part was that we let them know ahead of time that we were celebrating a birthday and they provided us with a really gorgeous cake. It was small, enough for six people (maybe eight if the slices were smaller) and it was light and airy angel food cake with whipped cream, melon and strawberries on top. I'm assuming it cost extra -- the owner went out and bought the cake somewhere in Chinatown. She also gave us two birthday balloons! Veggie Lovers is a great place to have dinner and an even better place to celebrate a birthday. We'll be back for sure!Amazing, out of this world experience.
Being there I felt like on a movie set. Dreamy atmosphere, amazing food, attentive service. Worth going to Philly!I am in no sense of the word a vegetarian but I had a fantastic meal here and will definitely go again.  This restaraunt uses a great business plan...good food, good portions, good service, and good price.  You can't really go wrong with that!this is the perfect price for the quality of food and delivery availability.  i will say i'm having a hard time getting a straight answer on whether the entire menu is vegan (as it says on the front) or not (there are items marked vegetarian and also items listed as having cheese).Finally checked  this place out for a $5.95 lunch special.
Spring roll was good. Seaweed salad was fettucine-like strips of kombu? tossed w/ soy sauce & sesame oil. Pretty basic but tasty. Got the gen. tso's chicken. kinda weird. Not spicy at all(had to eat the chili peppers in the dish to make it spicy) Also the breading had a weird consistency that was not agreeable.Gave me the runs.Good thing the portion was on the small side.
I really was expecting much better. I'm willing to give this place another chance; maybe try something not deep-fried. There are a lot of choices on their menu that looked promising. Hope so.Love this place! It's never a let down. I ordered the Sesame "Chicken" and it was even better than the other meals I usually order from there (ex- As-You-Wish is tasty!) and I also ordered the usual 'Cheese Wontons' which are some of the best cheese wontons in town! I love this place and it's definitely worth a visit if you are a vegetarian or interested in giving the fake-meat life a try!Food was super good.  Loved it. Definitely will go back. Only problem that didn't get this restaurant five stars was the service. A little on the slow side, but hey, maybe there is sometimes in the day we can all slow down and not rush right?I have ordered takeout many times and ordered eggplant tofu with garlic sauce with a side of fried zucchini. Weird/funny/annoying thing though...the last two times we ordered the zucchini, it was cucumber. Yes, CUCUMBER. Fried cucumber.  Anyway, I'll still order the eggplant & tofu.We were craving some delicious veggie meat and boy oh boy this place had it all. 
The restaurant itself is quaint and decorated nicely. It was just me and my boyfriend and a few of the restaurant owners there but it wasn't awkward as some of those situations can be. 
The menus is very extensive! I was expecting only vegetarian general tso's but no they had veggie chicken and brocolli, veggie sweet and sour chicken, mock duck, veggie sesame chicken, veggie honey chicken. We were tempted to order three entrees! BUT the portions were huge so there was no need. They also had some neat vegetable dishes (eggplant, kale) and lots of noodle dishes. 
The veggie chicken and brocolli was so good! I haven't had 'chicken and brocolli' since going vegetarian and it used to be my staple. As I type this I'm staring at the fridge where my leftovers are taunting me to devour them.
We got Veggie Balls and Chinese Pizza for appetizers. Again, huge portions and yummy. The veggie balls were I think fried cauliflower sprinkled with salt and pepper. Yum. 
So glad we stumbled upon this place. Vegetarians--go here! And then call me and invite me!TASTY BUT MAYBE SLOW
Our order of tofu and noodles took half an hour. It was delicious. Would've been nice if they'd volunteered that they were short-handed - preferably before we'd sat down with two hungry kids :-\We spent the day in Philly and were very happy to find this place. The waitress was fantastic. She was exceptionally friendly and easily answered all of our questions. The menu was full of great options. It was almost too hard to decide what to get. You could tell the other diners there were loving their food and everything looked delicious. We loved the zucchini dish and lettuce wraps that we got. We'll definitely stop there again to try out more of the menu when we're in Philly. Super awesome!I've eaten here a number of times and its been good each time. The lunch special is a AWESOME deal, around $7.99 for an entree and 3 sides! I've tried the garlic broccoli and the vegetarian general tso's "chicken" both were delicious. A must try if you are in the area. The staff is also SUPER nice.Vegan/vegetarian take on classic Chinese take-out dishes like General Taos and pepper steak. Nothing to brag out but hits the spot when you get the craving. Also $6.50 lunch special comes with hour & sour or wonton soup plus an egg roll.The best vegetarian chinese food in the city. The sesame tofu is all kinds of yum and the dumplings are on point.
Fast delivery as well.I don't thinker a more reasonable lunch special can be found in Chinatown. You have a choice of about fifteen different entrees and get to pick three sides and all are under $7. The service is very nice although not particularly speedy so don't be in a rush.  Also everything here is vegan so enjoy a cruelty free lunch after passing all those other spots with typical "Chinatown decorations".I am vegetarian and went to eat dinner with my family at another Chinese restaurant near by. That restaurant offers vegetarian.. Come to realize it's all cooked with meat and they separate it in the end. Immediately found this place, food was ready fast and GREAT!Have a vegetarian/vegan that needs to be fed? Don't know where to go? Now you do.
Too many veg places are just faux "meat" deep-fried in various incarnations. I was hoping to avoid that because as tasty as "chicken" "drummettes" are (here's looking at you, Singapore Chinese Vegetarian around the corner), they still sit like an unhealthy lead weight in your stomach. Yelp reviews saved me from a repeat assault on my internal organs with this hidden gem.
No, really. It's hidden. It's right next to Vietnam Restaurant (avoid--and see my review of both it and its superior neighbor) and there's even a big tree in the way. You wouldn't likely chance upon it, which is a shame. This place used to be a teahouse (and probably many other things before that) and has been converted into a lovely, bright space.
I'm not big on atmosphere influencing my reviews: if a place is a dump but has amazing food, awesome. But this place has both. It's charming, bright, clean, and new. It looks well-maintained and feels cozy without being at all claustrophobic. Our waiter and the owner (?) were both amazingly friendly and attentive without hovering.
And the food. OH, the food!
After much deliberation, we got steamed dumplings (appetizer) and two mains: Eggplant Heaven with string beans and tofu as well as Sweet and Sour Golden Feather Knishes (how could we resist with a ridiculous name like that?).
The dumplings were ok--they tasted home-made but somewhat bland, though the dough was nice and pliant. Nothing to write home about. We sipped our bubble tea (DELISH). And then the goodies arrived.
Eggplant Heaven was broken up into three sections on the plate: deliciously simmered Chinese eggplant in a sweet brown sauce, seared green beans, and crisp-fried tofu. So damn good. You know how lots of places butcher eggplant, either rendering it mushy or leaving it half-raw and bitter? Not this place. I would want this eggplant to have my children. It's AMAZING. Seriously. Everything else was also good, but the eggplant was a guaranteed come-back-for.
Golden Feather Knishes (cannot get over this name) were actually... hard to describe. Basically, you can consider them fried dough puffs, but not too airy, with a filling of pureed taro root and taro root slices, in a sweet and sour sauce. They sound ridiculous; they are delicious, though perhaps should be an appetizer because that's a BIG plate of delicious-yet-cloying deep-fried saucy goodness. With the sauce on the side or maybe just less of it, we could have plowed though the plate, but these are still delicious and totally different than anything either of us had had before.
TWO IMPORTANT NOTES: Make your decision from their online menu. Their own physical menu is MUCH less descriptive (ie, "House Special Thick Soup" just says that on the menu, but adds "3 kinds of mushrooms, tofu, seaweed & black moss fungus" on the website--much more useful).
The other note is they're cash only. No biggie.
Oh, and I guess a useful aside for some: they're vegetarian, not vegan, but seem totally aware and willing to make substitutions. No soy bubble tea, though; it's dairy-based. Everything else is already vegan or can very easily be made vegan for you.
We didn't have room for dessert, but this place is a gem. Seriously, go here even if you're not a veggie. I'm so coming back, and I'm an omnivore.I've returned for the lunch special 2 or 3 times, and it is an insanely good price. Sesame tofu + brown rice + spring rolls + wonton soup for $5.50???? YES.
The sesame tofu is great, as are the spring rolls. The wonton soup is a bit strange, but there are other choices (hot & sour soup, miso soup, veggie salad, seaweed salad, steamed peanuts) that you can use to make your lunch combo (one entree + 3 side selections).
The woman who runs/owns Veggie Lovers is incredibly sweet, and I will continue going back.Our experience was identical to Sharon's review from November 2015. Pleasant, bland and definitely vegan Chinese-American. 
My friend's Miso soup was good but my hot and sour soup was neither. And, yes, the button mushrooms were a turn-off.  I had the kung pao dried tofu that was garnished with raw, unsalted peanuts, seemingly as an afterthought. My friend's tofu with vegetables was equally lacking in flavor. We decided the explanation to be that they both had the same sauce. The accompanying spring rolls were under cooked presenting as chewy and pale blond rather than crispy brown. Tea service was charming with the glass pitcher and tiny glass cups although its $4 price tag was a surprise when we received the bill.
And speaking of bill, billing was strange. With no line for a signature or enter a tip on a credit card receipt, we were told to put the tip under the total and sign at the bottom. What gives? No orange slice or lychee sorbet or anything for a finish.
We had to pack up what we could not eat for take home but, meh, we will have to do them up in a hot wok with real garlic, hot chilies and a little sesame oil to rescue these orphan leftovers from their tasteless ancestry.Fresh veggies and best fake meats. Ordered kungpao veggie chicken last time and veggie chicken curry this time. Loved both. My girlfriend got general Tso's veggie chicken and it was awesome too. Will come here everytime I'm in philly :)I love Chinese vegetarian food.  So before headed to the Phillies game we stopped here for dinner.  It was so hot I was sweating.  No ac and no fan for the end of June?  The menus were odd.  She took our order and was really weird.  She acted like we were doing something wrong by ordering it was odd.  Food came out quick other then my food which was 10 mins behind the other meals.  Food was blind and boring.  There was a good amount of veggies which I enjoyed but the sauces were eh and overall very sub par.This place has amazing atmosphere, great food and an interesting menu...
A big win, for vegans and vegetarians alikeVisited veggie lovers on a weekend trip to Philly this summer. Our group consisted of a meat-loving teenage boy, a vegan 20 something, an on and off middle-aged nutritarian, and an omnivorous (yet not very healthy) middle-aged woman. Everyone loved everything we ordered! We sampled some tempeh "ribs" that were delicious, ordered several bubble teas and a mango smoothie that all surpassed our expectations. Each of our dishes were generous portions and very flavorful. We enjoyed everything we ate from the sautéed spinach to the noodle dishes and tempura veggies with a sweet dipping sauce. The staff was friendly and we were one of only two tables eating (it was just before closing). I would highly recommend! It has food that suites everybody's tastes.I got iced tea and it was obviously is a powder mix. I wish I had known I would have just had water (we ordered 2 and they were $2 each). I then asked for water and she went straight to the sink and filled up a small cup with tap. No ice or anything. 
Pineapple fried rice was just fried rice with pineapples in it. Not much flavor and unimpressive overall. Even for just fried rice it was disappointing.
My boyfriend got "beef" and broccoli which was good but was $15. Total price with tip for rice, beef w/ broccoli and 'tea' was $32.
We won't be back here. I am surprised to see so many positive reviews.I have tried the food here twice and both times were great. I find the service to be really sweet actually. They seem eager to please.
There are some amusing aspects of the decor and the tea menu (as in tea for skin whitening), but I think all of this adds to the experience.
Yesterday I took a risk and tried the spiral seaweed with tofu and thought the flavor was great  and felt so healthy aftewards.Horrible service. I can't quite say it was blatant racism or not. But the main waitress/hostess was not a fan of our group.
We were served lukewarm water in coffee cups, despite the diners that came in before and after us being served with actual dishware. We asked for ginger ale soda, practically 20 minutes went by before the waitress returned with Sprite and said that they didn't have any ginger ale! We asked for ice, she brought a bowl of ice. Then looked at us funny when we asked for a cup. She returned with more disposable cups.
Our food came out one by one, even though we ordered the same dish multiple times.
Our table wasn't even worth having cutlery and extra napkins. Thank goodness the food wasn't that great, because now I have an event greater reason to not frequent this establishment ever again.Well, upon first entering this establishment we were hit with a gust of warm air. This restaurant, on an 86° day had no A/C, no fan and no window open. The smell, although one would expect an aroma of Chinese fare, was that of a hot fish tank. After sitting in the warm moist sauna like dining area, we decided to ask for water, because we weren't offered any. The water came and much to our dismay had no ice and was about as warm as the water in the fish tank. Our server was a bit odd and made us feel like we were in the wrong place. Now, the food. It comes to our table hot and within a reasonable time. However, our food was a little off, not fresh tasting at all, but it was edible. Two days after dining here our leftovers had already spoiled in the refrigerator. So, there's obviously an issue there. I'll never visit here again, which sucks because being a vegetarian out and about is hard enough as it is.We tried Veggie Lovers a couple of years ago but I forgot to post the review back then.
The scallion pan-fried tofu was good. Solid, home style cooking. 3.5 starsI love this place. They are dedicated to healthy cooking and yummy vegetarian food!  I love the presence of family members doing homework in the back and the friendly mom serving meals.  I always feel welcome and satisfied after the delicious food! I usually order the tofu and veggies, but tonight I ordered seaweed salad for an appetizer and kale with smoked tofu. The meals also come with brown rice if you wish.  It was all delicious!Not a vegetarian, but decided to give it a whirl.  Very happy to say the least; this place is really good.  I had no idea what I was getting myself into.  Their noodle dishes (I forget which one I ordered off the top of my head) were delicious as well as filling.  However, as good as their food is, their "bubble drinks" are even better.  I ordered the honeydew one and it was amazing.  I have been back 8-10 times jsut for that drink alone.
If you are not a vegetarian you should still give it a shot.  You will be pleasnatly surprised.Great! Went here on a Sunday night for dinner with my strictly-vegetarian bf, and we had an delicious meal. For the record, they DO indeed now take credit cards (Nov 2011).
We ordered a lot of food, left very full, and it was $23 (before tip) for the two of us. Before our appetizers, we received a complimentary pot of tea, and a dried snack (dehydrated, seasoned tofu?) that neither of us were too into, but our scallion pancakes were very yummy, and had a great tangy and sweet sauce. We also ordered a green salad with ginger dressing, which was just a boring/bland iceberg, tomato, and cucumber salad with Italian dressing. I couldn't really get into that, especially because it was more expensive than most of our other dishes, that were comparatively so great!
The two main dishes we ordered were garlic egg noodles tossed in a DELICIOUS sauce, and sesame tofu, which was absolutely outstanding. Sometimes tofu is hard to fry right, and it just gets kind of airy & chewy, but this is cubed tofu, puffed up with a great crunch, and in that delicious sweet-savory orange-colored sauce that vegetarians enviously eye on sesame chicken. The garlic egg noodles were not super garlicky, but in a sauce that had some delicious sesame flavors, and was both sweet & savory. Neither was too sweet, and the leftover garlic noodles were still delicious for lunch the next day.
This family-run restaurant is great for vegetarians, and offers a lot of choices, prepared with fake-meat but also just without meat. As a vegetarian, it's great to be able to get classic Chinese food dishes (though the menu is not limited to those classic dishes) well-prepared and for a good price in a vegetarian kitchen.
Can't wait to return for their lunch special!!First visit to this restaurant and gotta say it was a bit of let down. The food was mediocre and pricey.  The owner was friendly enough though.Delicious! Ordered delivery to our hotel. The General Tsao's "chicken" was awesome, and the serving size was so plentiful that my dish lasted 3 meals :). The only downside was that there were no napkins or utensils or extras in our delivery bag. (I mean, we ordered to a hotel- obviously we needed those things haha). But the food was excellent!  We WILL be eating here again - and frequently - when we move to Philly later this summer! :-DAs a vegetarian, I always jump to find options in whatever city I'm traveling to. Veggie house had a good selection of lunch specials so I decided to give it a shot. 
I got the general tsos veggie chicken with wonton soup, a spring roll and brown rice. 
The wonton soup wasn't something I'd order again - the wontons were a bit too doughy and mushroomy for my taste buds and I found the broth to be salty. The spring roll was also overwhelmed with the taste of mushrooms and I don't like that much mushroom... So I probably wouldn't try that again either.
However, the general tsos veggie chicken was perfect. Crispy without being too greasy, and pretty good flavor. Not spicy by any means, but good.
The restaurant itself was very clean but it is ridiculously hot outside and I don't think they're running much A/C inside. I sweat through my entire meal .
I would give it a solid 3.5 stars - I do realize my personal bias against mushrooms shouldn't influence my entire review. 
and just a tip- they don't take credit cards for orders less than $15!Excellent food and good service at this veggie place in Chinatown. Started with lettuce wraps and veggie buns, both tasty and plentiful. Entrees were veg chicken curry and Peking duck, served with brown rice. All great, but especially pleased with Peking duck (served with steamed spinach, which wasn't doused in garlic, thankfully, as it is at other places). Prices seemed about average.
My only reservation would be that this wouldn't really work for a fancy dinner choice as surroundings and ambience are simple.SESAME TOFU:  FOUR STARS.
Because of Courtney J.'s review on Veggie Lovers, I had to try this place!  I'm not a strict vegetarian, but I absolutely love eating tofu and vegetables... it just feels good not to eat meat sometimes, you know?
The first time I went here was when I ordered two lunch specials for the boyfriend and me:  sesame tofu and general tso's "chicken."  I wasn't particularly fond of the sides (hot and sour soup was full of starch, eww), but everything else was incredibly tasty.  Who knew sesame tofu could taste even better than sesame chicken??  The tofu melted in our mouths and was just so, so good.  General tso's "chicken" was made with gluten, I believe, and had the same YUM effect.  We even got two beautiful Lunar New Year's calendars because it was a few days before Lunar New Year!
The second time, we actually dined in and although it was almost closing time, the lady boss welcomed us anyway (plus points).  We had mapo tofu, sesame tofu (again, yes!), fried wontons, and miso soup.  Mapo tofu had way too much starch, but it was still edible, I guess.  Fried wontons tasted like it was still in the process of defrosting, and miso soup tasted like... miso soup.  Blah.  The only highlights of the meal were sesame tofu and miso soup, unfortunately.
Next time, we'll just stick to sesame tofu and sans starch foods.  Overall, if you like sesame chicken, try sesame tofu here at Veggie Lovers!En route to show rehearsal nearby, I decided to stop by Veggie Lovers to grab some take-out, since I had passed by multiple times but had never tried their food.  I wished I had the time that day to eat in, but since I had somewhere I needed to be, I decided against that.  Regardless, the staff was friendly, and even though the restaurant itself was fairly empty, the wait was not long at all and within 15 minutes (or less) my order was ready.  The sesame tofu with brown rice really hit the spot!  And since everything on their menu is vegetarian, I'm sure I'll be trying something new every time I stop in!Visiting the city, and so I grabbed some take out. I was told to come in 20-25 minutes, which I did, but still waited an additional 25 minutes for my food.
Still, the 3 out of 5 stars is for the food. I am usually a fan of eggplant, but I was not really a fan of eggplant heaven. Its was a little too bland for me. Eggplant, and green beans, separated by tofu. As for the scallion pancakes, they were pretty standard.Awesome vegetarian Chinese food. My mother and I loved this place. We had dinner on a Saturday evening around 7. The place was totally empty. I have no idea why. The server was friendly and knowledgable of the preparation and ingredients of the dishes. I got General Tso's tofu prepared with no sugar, as I had requested, it was amazing. My mom got the Eggplant Heaven and it was most definitely as the name implies, heavenly.Simply AMAZING! Food and service rule!!!! NIce quiet place for a first time get together with a date or relax with friends. Nice clientele and the owners are the best. Very nice family. WIsh them the best!The first time I been here was a few months prior in like early June . The service was exceptional and the decor was fabulous . However , everything was different this time . The first thing I noticed was that they switched out the tables and the cups . I came back for the sour and spicy soup but this time the soup was foamy and the vegetables in it were tough and stringy . I don't think I'll come back here , that least not in the near future .Pretty average Chinese restaurant. The food we got was just OK, but would like to go back to try some more options as the menu was pretty big, also the portions were huge. The service was really nice and friendly but a bit slow. Overall nice place but not anything too spectacular.Food was ok, just a Lil on the bland side. Ordered hot n sour soup, but missing that hot spicy kick, fried dumplings good, n had ginger chicken with broccoli but really Cudnt taste the ginger n no ginger in platter. Not complaining tho. Will go back n try more dishes. Staff very pleasant, n restaurant appeared clean n bathroom likewise. Hot tea was good too. Only downfall for location is lack of nearby parking. But enjoy!I'm going with 2 on this one and while that may seem a bit harsh, I think I've just experienced better in the Philadelphia food scene in the realms of vegetarian, chinese and vegetarian-chinese.
I don't want to say it's all bad.  The bubble tea was actually quite tasty and the service was extremely friendly.  I think my gripe is that the decore could use some serious updating and the food was not very flavorful.  Actually, I found it quite bland and the presentation was also a bit lackluster.  We did the honey "chicken" and I went with the szechuan tofu.  The spice was almost non-existant and seemed to have a gummy texture.  The honey chicken dish was just nothing to write home about.
I would not flat out avoid this place in the future, it just probably wouldn't be my first choice.On 3.9.14 I ordered the "As You Wish" with hot and sour soup to go. The hot and sour soup was mediocre and tasted too much like black pepper. However, the "As You Wish" (mushroom and veggie-stuffed tofu skin) was excellent. I liked the sweet citrus and asparagus sides serve with the tofu skins. I would highly recommend this entree but would pass on the hot and sour soup.A nice smallish 11th Street veggie joint with a comfortable vibe, friendly service, and an interesting menu.  
I stopped in after an appointment nearby for a late lunch.  I was the sole customer and had my pick of tables and all the attention of the lovely proprietress.  I went with a Scallion Pancake and the Soft Noodles with Peanut Sauce.  The Pancake was hot and the heat waves off it had the aroma of spring onion. Crispy and tasty.  Very nice.  The Noodles were a large plate (see photo), way more than I could eat, but with a wonderful creamy sauce topped with slivers of Red and Green Pepper, Sprouts and sprinkled with Sesame Seeds.  Delicious. 
I took half of it home, and my car smelled great the whole way. 
The prices seem an issue here.  The apps and noodle dishes seemed fairly marked, and the "Homestyle" offerings @ $10.50 across the board were alright.  I did not go for the "Main Courses," but at $15.95 for all items there, it seemed too much given the overall feel of the place.  Not sure I would be drawn to that part of the menu given all the other less expensive things ahead of it.  There is also a 24 count "Lunch Special" menu that is worth a look @ $6.50.  
Certainly a decent place for veggie lovers to fill up. 
Aptly named.Quick takeout service, we were able to pick up our food within 20 minutes of ordering.  The singapore noodles were somewhat bland, along with the friend veggie dumplings.  The almond/cashew faux chicken was delicious, and had just the right amount of spice.  Average prices for takeout Chinese, but they do have quite the extensive menu.Came here for dinner with my family and all foods are delicious. Deffinitely come back soon. If you love veggie foods, should come here once.Ordered delivery at 1:30 called at 3 wondering where my food was. It hadn't even been started yet. No apology said it would be 20 min I figured it would be easier than getting a refund. It is now 4:30 no food called again said 10 min!!! Again no appology or offer of recompense. All my friends gave up and left. If the food ever shows up I will be stuck with lunch for four and a bill to match. I'm pretty chill when it comes to mistakes as long as there is at least an acknowledgment of it but I was shuffled off the phone and treated like I was the inconvenience. 3hr delivery is unacceptable.This is the best Chinese vegetarian meal I've had in Philly so far. I had the sesame chicken set for lunch, which was $6 and came with brown rice, seaweed salad and miso soup (you can choose your own 3 sides). All the food was perfectly flavored - none of the over-greasy and salty stuff you often get at Chinese places. There was also a free flow of freshly brewed Chinese tea. I discovered upon asking that they make the mock chicken in-house with a mix of seitan and soy, which explains why it was so good. The serving is pretty big too. A great place for both vegetarians and meat-eating friends!If I could give 0 stars I would, but because I can't, this 1 star is for the friendly gentleman that took my order.
Called at 4:11 to out in my order- fried rice, veggie lo mein, cheese wontons and scallion pancakes-the place opens at 4. Waited 20 minutes then proceeded to restaurant. 
Waited 25 more minutes to receive food. 
Nothing ordered was edible aside from the scallion pancakes which were bearable and the cheese wontons which had no flavor. The rice I doubt was fried and had a very disgusting taste and after taste. One bite, by both my sister and I, and we had to dispose of it. The lo mein had tofu, which I did not know, and a very bad after taste to it. I added sauce to see if that would make it better. It didn't.
I wish I could get a refund and additional compensation for pain and suffering.Claims to be vegan, but has cheese wontons, pizza rolls and bubble tea (that uses the non-dairy creamer with whey in it as a base). Totally not vegan and unacceptable. In addition, many main dishes have increased in price to $15.95! Not worth it AT ALL!