It's as if my cool Aunt and Uncle decided to open a food truck and hook me up with their tastiest treats. These guys don't come around Drexel as much as they used to (or as much as I'd like), but when they're here I'm running straight for their vegetarian specials. Why the almost-perfect score? It's a little pricy for the portion sizes.I wasn't on yelp when I had the pleasure of using Vernaliscious for my outdoor engagement party. So my post is referring to June 2014, But I remeber like it was yesterday. We had a last minute cancellation from another truck, and we reached out to Verna, and she saved the day. They were able to come and serve 60 ppl after a festival of 500+ that morning. The food was hot, and delicious and the guests adored verna and the  food truck. They were so pleasant. I would recommend verna to anyone looking for good food and good service!!I've been here a few times when they were at Love Park.  The grilled cheese pulled pork was amazing, and so was the ham and turkey club sandwich.  The bread on both sandwiches was thick and buttery and fantastic.  The staff is also very friendly.I've eaten here when it was in Fishtown and UCity.  Great every time.  Definitely recommend them.Came here for lunch today while she was serving at Love Park.  Verna is a sweet lady and the menu was full of great sounding items.  However, I made a bee-line for the Pork Belly Banh Mi (I mean, COME ON).  She said that she was running behind because she was short staffed, but I wouldn't have noticed: the sandwich came out super quick, and she even let me have a small container to take some extra sriracha to go.
When I finally got to the sandwich, it was terrfic: the bread was sturdy but not too crunchy or chewy, the vegetables tasted fresh, and the pork belly was savory and thinly sliced, which works well for the sandwich.  The sriracha mayo on the sandwich gave the banh mi a nice little kick, but adding the additional sriracha helped tremendously (also worth noting: the sheer array of hot sauces available for you to try when you get your food.  It's a nice touch.)  For $7, I know that I could have easily bought a much bigger sandwich or lunch at any of the nearby food carts and trucks on 16th, but I doubt they would have tasted as good as Vernalicious'.
Overall: good food, good service, and excited to be able to try more items off their menu.After hearing about this truck for a while and reading the reviews, I decided to take a short walk to the park and get some Verns and I was not disappointed. I doubt I can say anything new that hasn't been said on here already. After taking all the yelpers advice, I decided to go with the Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese and it was very good. I have to say that Pulled Pork isn't the first thing I would go for on a menu, but I am glad I took a chance and tried this. It was delicious and very filling. The man and woman behind the counter were super nice and helpful. I also decided to try a Sanpellegrino Blood Orange drink for my "dessert." I would highly suggest that as well. I have set up to follow Vernalicious and will be visiting again when they are in Love Park.Verna is nothing short of a culinary angel on wheels :) She is very kind and thoughtful with all of her customers, but clearly, you go to food trucks to eat the food. You are never disappointed with the creative twists she puts on classic comfort sammies! Check this food truck out for sure!!Tofu Banh Mi. From a lunch truck. Yes, it's true.
The roll was pretty good. The julienned cucumbers, carrots, and jalapenos were pickled. The tofu was flavored with fish sauce. It was only 6 bucks. It was just what I wanted.
The truck is on 33rd street several days a week, just south of arch, near where Honest Tom's is. Between this truck, Pitruco's, and Honest Tom's; there is no question that this block has got it going on in the gourmet food truck world.Got my first taste from the Vernalicious truck this past Saturday at the Bryn Mawr Farmers Market and I am very pleased. The truck looks good and clean, the employees and food the same! I actually got off to a bad start as I ordered the very last Breakfast Sandwich (2 eggs, bacon, cheese on a roll, for 4 bucks), and unfortunately for me, they are still working on their ordering\delivery system and some lucky chump walked off with my breakfast sandwich. I was really having a hankering for eggs\bacon, so when they apologized and asked what else I would like I refused...But Verna (just a guess, I'm not really sure if that is her name) wouldn't let me go without a fight...Offered me a free Braunworst(not sure on spelling), but it was a delicious sausage cooked in sauerkraut(again spelling) and beer served with spicy brown mustard on a good roll. It *really* hit the spot and I plan on going back Saturday to get that elusive breakfast sandwich! 
I really liked the fact that they felt so bad for their mistake they paid for it with a free sandwich...exactly the kind of person who should be running their own business! 
The truck had a few interesting items..a Bahn Mi (spelling) some type of Vietnamese wrap with tofu or chicken, sausages (I can spell that), and an assortment of beverages available.   I'll update more of the menu items after round 2 with Verna ;)
They seem to be off to a good start and I hope they stick around, we can always use another good food truck in the area! 
I'm going to suggest they stop taking peoples names and start handing out order numbers\tickets to avoid confusion over who's who and who ordered what. I plan on bringing a sharpie for them so they can actually label each sandwich too. One of my peeves when ordering a bunch of hoagies or cheesteaks that all look the same when wrapped up to go. I'm a fan and want to see them do well after my first experience!  Go Verna!Absolutely the best late night sandwiches on the planet! And if their sign says 'griddled mac n cheese', your only option is to buy two orders.Verna is the best! I happened to stumble upon this wonderful Philly food truck one late, late night while leaving Frankford Hall as their big bright truck lit up the corner of Frankford and Girard in Fishtown. When I saw they offered Banh Mi sandwiches, I knew I had to try! It was delicious. So delicious that I immediately became a fan of theirs on Facebook and returned to the truck the next weekend. I was surprised and delighted to hear "Hi, Jen!" when I walked up that second night to the Vernie truck. The love and pride that Verna & Company put into their food truck and their business is amazing. She makes it a point to get to know all her customers, and to make us regulars feel like a part of the family. There's so much more than delicious food at this truck. There's a heaping serving of that so often heard about "Philadelphia brotherly love". You'll come for the delicious food like the Banh Mi, Pulled Pork Grilled cheese, and the Banana Nutella Panini - but you'll keep coming back because you're made to feel like a part of the Vernalicious Food Truck Family :)I swear to you, everything Verna and co. creates turns to solid gold awesome. Since taking up weekly residence at Love Park I have been lucky enough to get my hands on a pulled pork grilled cheese (holy crap if that isn't the most amazing sandwich to come out of a steel box, I don't know what is), the buffalo chicken sausage sandwich with helloooooo bleu cheese cole slaw? sign me up, even her egg salad sandwich has got a little something special going on when they toast the le bus roll with truffle butter and top it with arugula and radishes, classy. The weekday rotating menu is spot on every single time; even when night market rolls around and they are mass producing for quite literally thousands, quality never ever slips. The food is comfort food, but taken up a notch, always hot (except when it's egg salad) and always served with a smile. 
Verna is quite possibly the nicest food truck vendor I have met (shh don't tell the others), if the woman has ever had a bad day you'd never know it, she has even offered me suggestions on hair products since we both have unruly curly, but awesome hair. Sadly I no longer work downtown and find myself missing Vernalicious more than pretty much any other lunch option downtown and have even gone as far as scheduling meetings on Tuesdays just to be able to stop and say hi and indulge in her menu options of the day. Regardless how long I've been away though, Verna always has a smile and big old "hey Becca!" when I do get that rare chance to visit. That, my friends, is what keeps people coming back...solid food and solid friendly folks.Not only was the pulled pork sandwich amazing, the lady running the truck was so sweet!!  My friend and I visited on a particularly cold Friday night after going out for Halloween, and, us being lightly clothed, she offered us jackets!!!  I felt like I was at home with my mom. I was wishing the sandwich had a little more sauce to it, but I like everything saucey so this is more of a personal thing.  Tried my friends griddled mac n cheese, and it was fantastic. We will definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu items, the banh mi sounds delicious.This was my first food truck experience ever (not counting the delicious cupcakes2gogo in jersey).
I ordered the grilled cheese pulled pork and it was delicious! I'd definitely get food from vernalicious again if I'm in the area.In my direst times of need, Vernalicious has appeared like a beacon in the night.  Late night at Girard/Frankford, specifically.  The bratwurst was good, the mac and cheese was awesome, the chicken banh mi was surprisingly good.  Really friendly.  Inexpensive.  I've had my fair share of street meat and this is quality.Absolutely amazing. This place was awesome (especially considering the Girard ave location). My friend and I arrived on a late 40-something degree night and Verna offered to give us coats while we waited. AMAZING. I ordered the Mac 'n 'Cheese with pulled pork and let out one of those involuntary "oh my god this is so good" noises that every foodie knows all too well.Vernalicious trekked to the 'burbs and boy are we ever grateful.
The menu is limited - but everything is delicious!
I had the BLT & A and it was perfection at $8.50 - or add Smoked Salmon to it for $12.
Many others tried the pulled pork grilled cheese (or plain grilled cheese) and it looked great, too.
Thank you, soooooo much for hauling out to Chesterbrook and PULEEEZE come back.  We need you!
WhooHoo!  As good as you can get from a truck with door to door service.
Oh - and the lady called me "hon".  Adorbs!Great food, great service.  no complaints.  I have eaten here on several occasions and love their food.  The service is great and you don't wait forever to get your food, unlike some other trucks.
I wish they were at Love Park more!Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 7. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. Here I wound up ordering the pulled pork taco with cheddar cheese, pickled jalapenos, cilantro, guacamole and a squirt of bbq sauce. The combination of these things does not sound all that delicious, but in practice, holy crap it was good.
I think the real key to this taco was the charred tortillas. Double layered, charred to perfection. I was surprisingly fond of these flour tortillas, but I think it was because of the char. It took a little bit of the chew out of them, and added another depth of flavor. They held up really nicely with the pulled pork in them. The pulled pork wasnt overly juicy, which was great because it didnt run out of the taco when it was bitten into. The guacamole was fantastic! It was super limey and had a nice bit of heat to it. The thing that tied it all together surprisingly was the cheddar cheese. I thought it was going to overpower it, but it simply brought it all together in a flash of cheesey goodness. This was a very nontraditional taco, but one of my favorites of the day. 
I will definitely be back to Vernalicious to delve into more of their deliciousness.Definitely delicious! Ran into them at the Penn Treaty Park kite festival, and absolutely loved their pulled pork grilled cheese. It's everything I've ever been looking for in a sandwich. I personally don't like BBQ sauce, so requested that they put that on the side (my fiancee said it was delicious), and despite them being super busy, they were able to accomodate my request. Super nice service! I'll have to stalk them out at the Love Park.Vernalicious will now be one of the trucks at Love Park for lunch!
I like the name.  Who is Vern, I wonder?  I also like their motto: simply good food.
The service was genuinely warm and friendly.  I tried the tofu banh mi.  It was decent - not the best I've ever had and not the worst either.  The tofu filling was thinly sliced and firm with a nice flavor.  The bread was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, just how I like it.  The pickled vegetables were tasty and offered some crunch.  I could have used a lot more of them though - I think I only had a few juliennes of carrot and one or two other vegetable pieces.  If they had added more, I would have added another star.  Also the size of the bun was a bit on the small size.  I was hungry about an hour after I ate it.  The price is fair at $5.50 for the sandwich.  
I will be back to try their grilled cheese.So I've had their grilled cheese twice, and both times - I truly loved it! It was well made, well put together, and really well grilled.  It wasn't fancy, wasn't expensive, and the service was really nice.  All in all, a good food truck experience, and a GREAT grilled cheese sandwich!This is the first food truck I've encountered in Philly, and I was impressed. There are carts I like more in Portland, sure, but this is an hour drive from me, versus a four hour plane ride, so I'll take it. Had a pulled pork grilled cheese, and loved it. The texas toast was buttery and a good heft for the amount of meat and cheese and sauce that it contained. It was a bit pricey, but since I'd probably get it again given the chance, I guess that means it's priced just fine. Nice choice to park outside the immensely busy Yards Brewing, and good for them for letting their patrons bring these delicious sandwiches in to accompany their delicious beers.I live near Frankford and Girard and I love when Vernalicious is there on the weekends! The pulled pork grilled cheese is out of this world. Tangy sauce, pork that's lean and a perfectly crunchy buttery grilled cheese made with Texas toast. Plus, they have San Pellegrino sodas. Perfect late night fix! But I must say that I have fallen in love with Verna and Dave! They are so sweet and even hooked me up with a cute cop who is also a regular. Great food, friendly service, take credit cards, and take care of their regulars. Thumbs up in my book!I love Vernalicious. 
I've tried 4 sandwiches, and I love each and every one! The food is unique, always changing, and wonderfully flavorful. Nothing is bland and everything is addicting!
The smoked salmon club (sans the bacon) was the first one I tried and it completely hooked me. Everything down to the bread was incredible. Same with the grilled cheese with tomato, curried chicken salad on a croissant, and chicken sausage with tzatziki/feta/tomato. All are unique and so so so delicious. 
If you see Verna's truck parked anywhere, I highly recommend you stop and eat!Got a chance to try Vernalicious when they were done at the Navy Yard for the bi-weekly Food Truck Lineup.  
As I have mentioned before in reviews of food trucks, I liked that they have a small, simple menu.  The choices were a variety of grilled cheese, sides of mac-n-cheese, and a chicken bahn mi sandwich (which doesn't really seem to fit in with the other options, but people seem to rave about it).  I was in a comfort food mood so I went with the grilled cheese with tomato and a side of their griddled mac-n-cheese.  Total for my order was $7.50.
Both of my selections were very tasty.  The sandwich was a pretty standard grilled cheese but I liked that they used two different types of cheese.  The griddled mac-n-cheese was a small (but filling) block of mac and cheese that was cooked on the griddle to give it a hard outside shell.  The mac and cheese itself was delicious- but the outside shell was a bit too greasy.
So why only three stars?  I think the meal was definitely a good value for the price, but compared to some of the other food trucks in the city, this one didn't blow me away.  It definitely is a solid choice if you are craving a meal filled with cheese and carbs.  I would come back and try that chicken bahn mi burger though.Damn good food. Extremely nice people working the truck.
The bacon, tomato, grilled cheese is awesome. The bread they use is toasted just right, buttered just right. Amazing.
Griddle mac and cheese was gooey and cooked perfectly....portion was a little small though.
A great place to hit up on a drunken Saturday night.The only thing I've eaten from here is the pulled pork grilled cheese and it is ridiculously good!We are nearing full blown tomato season and I've got tomatoes on my mind.
If those damn greedy city squirrels didn't eat all of my tomatoes from my city garden, I wouldn't be so tomato focused but because those fat vermin have wiped me out, I am.  Vernalicious came in and gave me a good dose of the tomatoes that I needed with their tomato, mozzarella and pesto grilled sandwich.  Summer sandwich perfection.  Crispy grilled with a pine nut rich pesto schmear, some ripe tomatoes and a lovely white mozz, and voila, it's the tomato summer sammie that you're craving.
They round out their offerings with some serious grilled cheeses of both the pulled pork and chicken variety  which are downright indulgent and messy.  Only downside: a little price-y with sandwiches costing between $6.50 to $8.50.  Anything served in a soup dish (jambalaya) is small and pretty pricey at nearly $7.This truck was at Love Park the other day and I got the mushroom burger. It was amazing!  I would definitely try this truck again.  Use of LevelUp a huge plus.On a recent Saturday afternoon, I decided to stop by and check out Vernalicious, which was parked on the southwest corner of the park. Since 2011, they have been offering quite the eclectic menu. On this particular day, offerings ranged from grilled cheese to Bahn Mi!
Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese ($8.50)
This grilled cheese contained pulled pork that was juicy and succulent. The BBQ was sweet, but tangy. The melted cheese immersed itself through the sandwich, but for me - it was the bread that really shined. Buttered crisp, yet somehow light ... this bread was nicely thick, but not enough to detract from the meat of the matter, if you will. This sandwich tends to be a bit on the sweet side, but that's no problem. 
Why? They've got all types from Siracha to Cholula. I chose the latter and that worked fine - it wasn't overpowering and did not detract from the pulled pork grilled cheese at all.
I wish I had the stomach for more (I had previously eaten), but rest assured, I'll be back! Be sure to follow them @vernalicious1 on Twitter.I just happened to stop by and needed to grab something quick! Service was so nice! I had the Bacon Corn Chowder with lump crabmeat. I cannot explain how good this tasted. L Like other reviewers said if you see their truck, stop and grab something!One important thing to know before you go over: whether or not they can even bring their truck out on a particular day and what foods they have to offer completely depends on their food suppliers, whose schedule isn't completely finalized yet. So be sure to check on Twitter or Facebook to see if they will be out before heading over.
If a side of bacon is available ($4), you are going to want to go ahead and order it.  This is some fancy pants, thick cut slab of  local bacon cut into small pieces. Do not order this if you will fear the layers of fat that come with each piece. Really though, you should embrace the melt in your mouth experience.  This is equal in quality to pork belly you would find at a fancy restaurant. I asked for mine extra crispy, which was perfect.
A toasty classic grilled cheese with tomato and bacon has the perfect proportion of each ingredient.
It is a safe generalization to say that everyone loves mac and cheese and everyone's favorite part is the crispiness on top. Vernalicious' griddled square of mac and cheese has the advantage of being crispy on all sides. To make matters more delicious, your mac and cheese can be topped with a helping of pulled pork($6 for the combo). The pork isn't so shredded that you can't tell where the meat ends and the sauce begins; you can actually taste both components. Mix up the bbq sauce with the mac and cheese for added flavor.
Take advantage of the changing menu and return often;  they love repeat customers and they will probably remember you.Oh man, if you ever happen to stumble out of the Barcade with nostalgia for food that you used to eat while playing those old school video games, this is the place.  Epic meal, awesome service, highly recommended.
Also they take LevelUp!Along with everybody else. The pulled pork grilled cheese is amazing. It seems so simple, a grilled cheese and a pulled pork? How come nobody ever thought of that before?  It's perfect. Sweet and savory, the perfect combination. When you picture it in your head, you get exactly that except there are 2 types of cheese AND real deal Texas toast. This truck is worth venturing all over the city for.The bf and I stopped here for a bite to eat right before picking up a keg from Yards. Having their food truck right outside of the brewery on a Saturday afternoon is both brilliant and convenient! 
We split the pulled pork grilled cheese and the pesto/ricotta/asparagus sandwiches. The pulled pork was the better of the two. It has a mix if cheddar and American cheeses, but I wish I had a little more cheese taste while eating it. Maybe a sharper cheddar or substituting the American for another cheese? 
The pesto/ricotta had delicious bread that was toasted perfectly. But I feel like the flavor was missing something--the ricotta was light and fluffy but I hardly tasted the pesto. In fact I forgot it was even on there until I started writing this! Add more pesto to it, or add something like cracked pepper and this would also be delicious overall.Good pulled pork grilled cheese sandwiches made quickly by friendly employees.Whenever I spot this food truck it is almost impossible not to stop - especially for the pulled pork grilled cheese. Verna is awesome. The food is awesome. Totally worth stalking them on twitter or heading to Love park on a Wednesday.Verna is really likable. 
The truck is likable.
It's all good. Nothing is jaw-dropping, chain-yourself-to-the-tires good, but it is very pleasing to the senses. Yummy chimichurri potatoes. The grilled cheese is pretty good; however, I do have to credit A Full Plate in Northern Liberties with the best grilled cheese in Philly. Sorry, Verna.
The best thing about this truck is that I have found it as late as 2:30am on Frankford and Girard. I pretty much only have dinner at this time so it beats 7/11 or Dunkin Donuts.Awesome food truck. Ive had the grilled cheese with tomato several times. love it. Delicious. Its the perfect size. Very fair price. 
The people are so nice. This is the kind of business I feel good about patronizing.I ordered the pulled pork grilled cheese for $8. I loved pulled pork and grilled cheeses so I couldn't have been more excited for this. The pulled pork was more like a chunks of pork and not like i imagined. I imagined it to be very BBQ flavored and it was not at all. The sandwich was still yummy but definitely not what I expected.This is by far my favorite food truck in Love Park. The people are always nice, they accept credit, and their pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich is AMAZING! The only downside is that they are a bit pricey ($8.50 for a sandwich), but it's worth every penny!OM yum umm mm ommm (yup, that's me taking bite after bite without putting down my sandwich. Lol) Sooooooo goooooooodddddd. Ok, lets start from the beginning...
Went on my daily walk with a coworker but today we went a different route. BIG MISTAKE (in a good way, and bad way of course) Mmmm, the smell was driving me crazy! Finished my 30 minute walk and when I went back to work, all I could think about was the smell at Vernalicious. My salad I was eating wasn't cutting it. I walked my butt down Market, down 16th Street to get to Love Park and ordered myself the pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich. Paid with my LevelUp (yay levelup!!!), and waited for the delicious gooeyness that I was about to devour. Once she called my name, I practically ran back to my office casue I couldn't wait to try it. Ripped the bag open, took a quick picture, and gobbled away. 
OMG, I was in heaven. hahahaha. Pork was so nice and tender, bbq sauce was the perfect amount (not a huge fan of bbq, but this place made it soooo delicious), and cheese was perfectly melted. I told myself I was only going to eat half bc I'm entered into the biggest loser competition at work..yea that went down the drain. I end up eating the whole sandwich, :-( Sigh...guess I have to walk extra tonight to burn off all that deliciousness.
I now have to control myself for the next 9 weeks! How will I do it?!?Best grilled cheese around. Hands down. Whether you go old school, add some bacon, or go all in for the pulled pork grilled cheese trust me: you are making the right life decision.
The staff is also amazingly nice. Verna once remembered me for tweeting at them, took a photo of me with their delicious food, and posted that I was the cutest customer. Talk about flattering your customer...well IT WORKS. 
I am always a bit excited when I see this truck pop up in Fishtown on a weekend night or for a special event. A+++Yum!  Food trucks in Philly have some of the best food and Vernie's is the cream of the crop!  Usually I find them at F&G for some late night nutella and banana or fish or the elusive but delicious bahn mi I first fell in love with them over.  Yesterday I found them at the Science Festival Carnival and split a pulled pork grilled cheese with a friend.  FANTASTIC.  I'm just pretending all of the walking I did canceled out the calories!  I love you guys, keep up the amazing work!Had the chance to try their Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese at the food truck even in Brewerytown last week. 
Great sandwich. Bread was thick and perfectly buttery, the pulled pork was delicious, and the extra sauce I asked for not only made my fingers a mess, but my mouth extremely happy. My only qualm? The cheese was lost in the deliciousness. It was more of a pulled pork on toast than a grilled cheese with pulled pork. Either way, delicious. 
Well done.I think Vernalicious is my favorite food truck, and that's saying a lot because I get to eat at every Lunch Truck Lineup that comes to The Navy Yard. I've never had a so-so meal from Verna (wish I could say that about all meals I eat!), including the king of all sandwiches: the pulled pork grilled cheese. My boss got me on board, along with a bunch of colleagues and even the president of my company... so much that our prez tweets about it. Next best thing is the veggie burger - yes, totally opposite ends of the spectrum - but hear me out, it's dang good, with real veggies and not some weird faux slab of meat. There's some other stuff, but really you should just get the pulled pork grilled cheese.Never created a write up for a food truck but never had a pulled pork grilled cheese like I just had!! Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to one. Very generous serving of this tender juicy pork that melts in your mouth. Highly friendly staff too!Super yummy and so so fresh! I brought my crew here before a Phillies game and Vernalicious did not disappoint. We had the chicken banh mi, mushroom banh mi, meatloaf sandwich and pulled pork grilled cheese. Everything was delicious and very fresh. We will def be back again.This is a new addition to the Whitman neighborhood and I've been wanting to try it for months. I finally got a chance to grab some lunch from them, and it was so worth the wait! The owner is there making everything herself and to order - she checked how I like my salmon cooked (just a little under) and cooked it just right! Everything was so delicious! The Mac n cheese is so creamy and cheesy with a slight crust on top from being baked - the best way to make it! The potato salad has dill in it, which in my personal opinion makes for phenomenal potato salad. The dressing is made fresh in-house (for garden salad and potato salad). I have absolutely no complaints. 
Vern herself is so friendly and has a slight edge to her personality and sense of humor; that's my kind of people! She believes in giving back to her community and does so by hosting free cooking lessons for city youth, which, as a public school employee, I absolutely love. Her little restaurant has a friends-and-family vibe to it. I can't wait to have more of the menu here. Definitely a very welcome business to our little corner of South Philly!Vernalicious is a great addition to the Whitman neighborhood. I love how the menu is changing, but the food is consistent and always good! So far, I have tried the Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese, Crab Cake, and Banh Mi (YES!!!). All were excellent. The sides of potato salad and garlic spinach were very good as well. Looking forward to trying everything and what new dishes may come! The half-chicken looks amazing... can't wait to try it. Also, the staff is extremely friendly, and they offer FREE cooking classes for kids! Such an excellent addition to our community!Cruising Facebook I came across a picture of a crabcake that look absolutely amazing I had to go get it immediately so I did and it was so worth it and everything the picture promised and more. I ordered a crab cake platter with mac n cheese and greek pasta salad everything was unreal quite possibly the best mac n cheese I've ever had, the kind you devour even thou its prob too hot. The owner was awesome very chill and sweet. I will definitely be back and tell everyone I know to try it out.Ah, the elusive Vernalicious truck. Tom I. posted a picture of their pulled pork grilled cheese on Facebook about 6 months ago, and I was lusting after it ever since. Unfortunately, a 30 minute lunch break is not usually enough for me to get to Love Park and stand in line to enjoy such a beauteous item, so I was lucky that I happened to be in University City on the same day that Vernalicious was, with some time to spare.
I ordered the pulled pork macaroni and cheese, probably because the Mac Mart truck was right next door, so I had mac (and/or) cheese on the brain. AWESOME, JUST AWESOME. My friend tried some and I was worried that she would try to steal the whole thing, so I snatched it back and scarfed it down. I had to resist the urge to go back and try more. I'll definitely be seeking out Vernalicious in the future. The quality of both food and staff is unmatched.We love this place...excellent comfort food. We ordered the Banh Mi, the pulled pork grilled cheese and a potato salad. Oh my! It was delicious! Can't wait to come back!I can only speak for the grilled cheese with pulled pork sandwich, but even if this was the only item the truck sold, they'd still get a five. Messy and amazing!
I have to get myself to stray away from it and try some other stuff because I would imagine it is always equally delicious.
I hope they show up at Drexel a little more often!Made it to the food truck festival Friday night in Brewerytown.  We had the pulled pork grilled cheese.  It was really good!!  Pulled pork that wasn't too thin, kind of chunky, with cheese, on two toasted texas toast pieces of bread. Delicious!The Vernalicious Food Truck was at the Philadelphia Navy Yard's Food Truck event on Thursday, April 11th. Since some of the lines at the other trucks were long I decided to go with Vernalicious. 
I settled for Souvlaki-pitas. I enjoyed my lunch and found it comparable to my favorite place Bitars, but I will need more to go on. However, Vernalicious has earned a spot in my stomach.
The line was short because they were able to put out good food quickly.Wow! What a find! My husband and I spent 24 hours in Philly, and stumbled upon Vernalicious accidentally. We had the pulled pork sandwich, Greek salad platter, side of golden beets and side of zucchini. The food was absolutely delicious! Veggies were super fresh and served up piping hot. Verna is a delight and she was kind enough to give us her full attention with great recommendations of things to do and see. We couldn't have asked for a better meal, company and gem-like find. We will visit again!So far I've tasted the Crab cake, greek pasta salad, Banh Mi (chicken) sandwich, and Mac & cheese.  Everything was very good.  I will definitely be back to try more options and you should too.  Verna is awesome, very friendly and willing to accommodate a special dish if you have requests.If you see it, drop what you're doing and eat!  If they have the pork ban mi...even better.This food truck is phenomenal!  The staff is always pleasant and the food is always great! Their Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese is one the best sandwiches I have ever had in my life! I could eat them every day, all day! If you ever see this truck, get anything off of it and you won't be disappointed. The prices are reasonable and you don't have to wait long for something other food trucks never have. 5 stars for everything that has come off of this truck.The pulled pork grilled cheese and chicken banh mi were so delicious! My partner devoured the pulled pork grilled cheese before I got a chance to even snap a pic. Quaint space on Front st and the service was great - very friendly. We'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!Always a positive to see the Vernalicious truck at Frankford and Girard on a weekend night. I love their grilled cheese (I opt for the bacon as well). It's just greasy enough to soak up the beer that you've probably had that night. My girlfriend raved about the Nutella and banana pannini. Pretty affordable and very nice service.Outstanding. Eating the salmon burger as I type. And the warmth of Vern (?) makes it even better.Pleasant staff and tasty varied options!
Vegan or Vegetarian? Try the Tofu Banh Mi or the gooey Grilled Cheese with Tomato.
mmmmmthe service was amazing, the food delicious and the conversation was inspiring. the people surrounding the truck ( which is adorable) were all ooohing and aaahing. I would definitely try some of the other food. by the way thebanhmi was deli-icous!!!!!!!!!!!Today I decided to check out the food trucks in Love Park. So, I ordered the pulled chicken grilled cheese sandwich. It was soooooooooo good. The truck was clean and the service was professional? I will be back.The one flaw to a mobile food truck being pegged to a certain address or zip code on Yelp, is that you can't check in whenever you go to a special event or festival that their taking part in that's outside of that area!
This first world problem oftentimes makes it easy to forget to write a review for said food truck, since it constantly fails to pop up on the long list of many many places that you have previously visited and checked into. But one can never truly forget a damn good grilled cheese sandwich, ESPECIALLY when its one that's also filled to the brim with succulent barbecue pulled pork. And its things like that which really has Vernalicious taking comfort food to a whole new level of win!
In my few visits to Vernalicious that I've thus far been able to check into, not only have I been able to come across and devour such a sandwich of epic proportions; I've also been able to enjoy such incredible dishes as shrimp ceviche, fish tacos, jerk chicken, and grilled mac & cheese. with so many amazing recipes they're capable of switching up their menu to cater something new to whatever event or regular lunch crowd that they service. So they manage to change it up more frequently than most of the other food trucks around them, while also offering up a few choice signature items with a smile. And its that reason that makes them one of the better food trucks in Philly!The Vernalicious food truck people are friendly, cheerful, and helpful -- and they make yummy food.  So far I've only tried the brisket sandwich, which was delish.  The sandwich included large slabs of toothsome brisket topped with swiss cheese and all inside a fresh brioche bun.  It was, actually, too much.  Some sort of green (spinach?  rabe?) or crispy slaw might go better with the brisket.  
There is a formidable variety of hot sauces, so if you have a favorite form of food fire, you might just find it here.  
The prices are reasonable, with sandwiches being in the eight dollar range.  I plan on checking out some more of their offerings in the future.