I was there opening day for their free entree. It feels like I waited forever, which made the payoff of finally getting my rice bowl worth it. I loved the various mingling of flavors, and I have to admit my favorite part was very simple: pita crumbles. Who knew that would be the perfect touch to a chicken and rice bowl with tzatziki sauce? A little pricey when not free, but maybe one day I'll treat myself.I came here for lunch and ordered the quinoa bowl with lamb, veggies, cauliflower tabouli, jalapenos, and tzatziki sauce. The food was pretty good, but the portion was small for the price.  It was almost $12 for a quinoa bowl, and the bowl was not stuffed. It had one of those flat plastic lids, which doesn't even allow for much of an overfill. As far as taste, the quinoa was delicious. The sauce was flavorful. The veggies were fresh. The lamb was a little dry and a bit overcooked, but it was actually tasty. I will say my meal was tastier than a lot other fast-casual spots in the area. Plus, there is a nice outdoor seating area. For those reasons, I'd go back.The best fairly priced Mediterranean food! Always fresh! Yummy! Their chicken is so good and tender, unlimited toppings and great healthy options! My new favorite!!!Never seen or heard of Verts before but I have to say I'll be visiting often. Great food, exceptionally friendly staff, clean and easy to get too. Highly recommendedWhat a great lunch spot! Similar to Sweetgreen and Honeygrow but with a Mediterranean twist. You can make your own bowl with as many ingredients as you want, no more 1 protein, two veggie type of limits, and all options are under $10. You can easily fix a great lunch bowl with $8 or $9. The line can be long but moves super fast, similar to Sweetgreen and definitely faster than Honeygrow. It also has lots of seating.
More options at a lower price. Sign me up!I've been a couple times downtown Phila area.  The food is pretty tasty and fresh and I do like the turkey meatball as the main entree.  However, on my last visit I thought I noticed the server being a bit skimpy w/ the items and overall I seemed to get much less than my other two times. I'm sure I'll be back but the skimping is not a positive with me.The food is great! I really enjoyed the Spicy Rice bowl. I also go the Sweet potato fries. they are AMAZING (but maybe a little less salt, please!). I will definitely go back and recommend it to a friend.The food at verts was very tasty. This place is like a Mediterranean chipotle, you order your base, then your proteins and top it off with fun fixings. The pita was very fluffy and served freshly baked. It is very hard to find good pita but this is the place for it. The line can get long though especially during the lunch rush hour but the portions are a nice size and its definitely worth the wait.Disappointed in the food and service. I noticed that the meat looked dry, and figured it was from the fact that it was the end of the day and maybe. It was not. Also, I did not feel like making dinner and had a free coupon, so I figured that I would give it a try.  Not only was the meat (I did a combination of beef/lamb and chicken) dry, but the beef/lamb was fatty (see picture). The manager had to come over because the free coupon for first use was missing from my app. She called me lovie multiple times, which I did not care for and thought she should know not to call a customer that.  She did give me my entree for free even though the coupon was missing from the app.  Other than that and the hummus was pretty good, I probably will not rush back soon.I decided to give this place a second try after a mediocre first experience from when this place opened. I ordered a custom chicken salad bowl with almost all vegetables available and added harissa sauce on top.
The chicken was really good, had a nice smoky flavor and a little bit of the charred, grilled texture. The vegetables however, had a really sour taste to them that ruined the rest of the meal. I'm not sure if it was the onions or the carrot slaw but the sour taste was very overpowering.
It came to a point where I just picked out the chicken pieces in my meal and just ate that.
The harissa sauce as well was a little bland tasting, no spicy kick or anything. The jalapenos I added also were not very spicy probably because they were so overpowered by the other sour vegetables.
I really wanted to like this place as it has many more options compared to Naf Naf, a similar place on the other side of Market St. I'm not sure if I can give this a try again.Ok so the food for this place is pretty good for "fast" casual but there lies the rub... it's not fast and here is why. I have been here multiple times and they are always under staff. You can't have one employee make the food and also run the cashier at the same time. Literally if there are two people in front of you it will take 30 minutes for you to get your food. Seriously most places have at least 2 - 3 employees but just one?! I really do like the food but not sure how I can deal with waiting soooo long especially when it's suppose to be fast casual.After my last two visits -- I have extremely mixed feelings about this place.
My first visit was great. I did download the app, but I didn't receive the free entree.. not sure whats up about that. But outside of that, for $9ish including tax, I opted for a chicken off the spit, over rice and quinoa. The plus side is that all the toppings are free -- even hummus, chickpeas, feta and all the sauces you could want! I loved how colorful my food looked and it tasted great. I was actually able to stretch it into two meals so I found it to be a tasty lunch option in the area at a reasonable price
However yesterday -- I ordered on the app just like last time -- and when I got back to my office I realized the order was so wrong. It was missing countless ingredients -- missed my feta cheese, marinated olives, pita chips  rice  red cabbage slaw, cucumber tomato mix and  much more. 
I went back 2 hours later on my next break to rectify the situation (around 6:00pm ) and she did make me a new bowl, but she said they were out of a lot of toppings... which i don't understand if you close at 10:00pm why are you out of green olives, red cabbage, pickled onions. OH and not to mention.. the jalapenos were NOT pickled like last time -- just straight up fresh jalapeno cut up. 
I also tried to call them at their listed number  which is an invalid number 215) 563-8373 so that's pretty frustrating and poor service for a restaurant. 
Basically my first visit was a solid 4 stars -- and yesterday's visit was almost a 1, maybe a 2. Not sure about the inconsistency but if it prevails, I won't be using this as a regular lunch rotation or returning.Stopped here thought the service will be fast since it's a chipotle like place. 
Ordered fixed menu items, spring pork bowl and traditional pita.  What a mistake.  People behind the counter have no idea how to prepare them. The first server checked a cheat sheet to prepare the pork bowl.  He looked confused.  Half way through making it the manager came and talked to him. He put down whatever he was making and disappeared.  Minutes passed no one, not even the manager, came to talk to us. We just stood there like some idiots. 
One server came and started talking to a female African American woman behind us about her order. When I tried to bring it to his attention that my food orders were half way completed, sitting there waiting to be completed he just looked at me and said she's here before you.  How the heck can that possibly be considering that my orders were half way done being made? Suddenly I felt I've been discriminated against.  
Then a third server showed up, I repeated my order and asked what happened to the fist guy. He said he probably went to make on line orders.  Really? Half way making my order, he went to make online orders and left my poor pork bowl half way made sitting there? Again he checked the cheat sheet to make a fixed menu item - traditional pitta with falafel.  Once he's done with making the pita he started asking the customer behind us what he wants.  I had to remind me that my
Pork bowl was still sitting there waiting to be completed. This time the manager heard me, maybe because I raised my voice? She said that's your order? Do you still want it?
A fast food place? This is not.  Staff here needs more training.I've now been to VERTS a few times - the online app makes it very convenient to order ahead for a quick pickup, and so far, everything has been pretty tasty. VERTS also has a decent loyalty program (free birthday meals!). However, there have been a few pretty major problems with the execution.
VERTS has a wide selection of proteins and sides. The sides and sauces are where they shine - their red cabbage and their carrot slaws are both delicious, and their sauces all add even more flavor (my favorites are the harissa and tzatziki sauces). I always get some sort of rice bowl, and I love how flavorful the rice is. The salad greens are also always fresh. However, every time I go, they seem to be out of something. The first time it was the pork, the second time it was the carrot slaw, the third time, it was the babaganoush, the fourth time, it was the pita chip topping. And sometimes the falafel is awesome, but sometimes it feels like it's been drying under the warmer for hours.
The other major issue I had was that when I got takeout the second time I went, they did not snap the lid on tightly. By the time I got back to the office (literally across the street), half the contents had smeared around the inside of the paper bag in which my food had been shoved, and I spent 5 minutes trying to reassemble it all onto a paper plate (and trying to ignore the fact that half my food had touched the inside of a paper bag). I now check every time to make sure the lid is snapped on tight - sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't.
I'll definitely be back - the only lunch location more convenient than VERTS is the cafeteria in our building, and more importantly, I've enjoyed just about everything I've ordered from VERTS so far (minus the dried out falafel). But I do hope that the staff receives some more training so they can better manage the inventory and food preparation during lunch rush.Just noticed this place while out doing errands, and walked in on a whim. 
It was around 7pm on a Saturday evening and only 1 other customer was there, already sitting down with their food, so I had no wait at all for my meal.
Everything looked really good and the Greek Chicken Salad I chose was so delicious! I didn't go with any customizations for my first time, just had exactly what was described on the menu. Everything about it was good - the meat, the toppings, the sauce - I only wish there had been more of everything! I even liked the green olives that came standard with the bowl, and I don't usually like green olives (or maybe I just found out that I actually do?) 
A staff member checked in on me a couple of times while I was eating, which was thoughtful. 
I noticed they are open til 10pm which seems unusual for the location but it's good to know I could eat here that late if I'm out and about. 
Definitely will be back! I am reserving the final star til I can go back and try the french fries...I was happy to discover this place. The service was nice.  The meal was really good.  Will definitely come backReviews seemed to be hit or miss for this place. I was going for convenience (as well as something healthy since I was coming from an exercise class!) and this fit the bill. It's a similar setup at Chipotle when it comes to ordering. You pick your base, protein and toppings. You can mix bases so I usually opt for kale with a little bit of quinoa, pork, veggies, chickpeas and a side of hot harissa sauce. It ends up being a good amount of food and makes for a super filling dinner.Tried it today for the first time.   I got half lettuce/half quinoa bowl.  The add-ons are great and are enough for a meal alone. I didn't finish it because it was so much food. For the protein, I got the chicken, but I probably wouldn't get it again - wasn't a huge fan.  Line is long, but will move. Expect a wait - 20 min during the lunch rush.  They have an option to order online and pick up (different counter for that) and I would probably do that next time instead.I absolutely love the food. The steak and lamb gyro is ridiculously delicious. I always get the salad bowl to save on carbs and it never disappoints. Solid flavors, generous portions (for my appetite, anyway).
My three-star rating has more to do with the service side. 
1. I've ordered on the app twice, which the store encourages you to do. When you order through the app, you're given discounts when you've spent enough at the restaurant. Great. And in theory, the restaurant prepares the food before your arrival so that you can walk in and go.
Unfortunately, both the times I tried it, the employees just hadn't gotten around to it. So, I end up dictating to them what I want based on the app, having to confirm everything I ordered despite it being in print before them. It'd be great to forgo the line and the process (because often I am ordering for someone other than myself and it's a lot to remember) with the app, but it's obviously just not something they've figured out how to incorporate yet.
2. The restaurant seems understaffed. The employees are trying, but if there are more than a couple people in line, be prepared to wait a while.
3. They're often out of stuff. The first two times I ate there, I wanted the cilantro dressing, but it was out of stock. The third time it was available, but the whipped feta was gone. I don't know if this is disorganization on the part of the staff - not realizing supplies are low until it's too late, not making enough in the batch - or if management isn't ordering enough for the restaurant. Regardless, it's just a battle to get the order I want on a regular basis. 
This place has so much potential, but management and the staff need to work on efficiency, speed, supply, and organization.Awesome food at reasonable prices. If you love to build your own burrito bowl, this is the better version of that. Tons of eclectic toppings and flavorful sauces. This place is awesome if you're looking for something with a ton of flavor. 
The woman that helped us out was very sweet and helpful, she's what great customer service is all about. 
Overall great place to get a healthy lunch or quick dinner in the busy center city area.One of my favorites for lunch during the week. I always get a salad with either chicken or beef & lamb. The food is generally fresh and the portions are satisfying. The staff is friendly and customer service is responsive.I stopped by for a quick snack and the two women working would have been anywhere else than VERTS. It took a solid 10 minutes just to get a hummus plate. (Technically an appetizer.) I said I was eating it at the restaurant so I was handed my plate on one of the serving trays. Tray was so GREASY! And to top it off the hummus is terrible. Save yourself and eat at any other Mediterranean restaurant in Philadelphia.What a great lunch spot! Similar to Sweetgreen and Honeygrow but with a Mediterranean twist. You can make your own bowl with as many ingredients as you want, no more 1 protein, two veggie type of limits, and all options are under $10. You can easily fix a great lunch bowl with $8 or $9. The line can be long but moves super fast, similar to Sweetgreen and definitely faster than Honeygrow.This place has good food, a bit pricey and they never have all the ingredients so you end up just eating chick peas and a proteins. Yeah they have lunch rushes, but come on at least have carrots or the sauces that everyone will like. Or give some type of discount for not having everything. Staff is nice but they need more food... I'm tired of have to compromise bc they don't have everythingI was the only one there but I waited for over 5 minutes until I was served. Also I downloaded the app and was promised a free entree and it charged my card.  Food was good but probably not worth $9. I'm a sad college student scraping by, don't lie to me about free food~Verts is comparable to Mediterranean grill cuisine as Chipotle is comparable to Mexican grill. The layout & atmosphere are very similar(that's a good thing).
First impressions: Right off the bat I loved this place..a young lady greeted me at the door, & notified me if I downloaded the app my meal would be free! The saucy music & fresh wood decor/white brick walls made me feel like I was in a little quaint restaurant in the Mediterranean. 
There were a lot of options & fresh ingredients to choose from. I was feeling feisty & chose to customize my order to try a variety of the food. Pictured is the quinoa/rice bowl with lamb & braised pork topped off with fresh herbs & taziki sauce. The more I ate it the better I felt, the flavor spread in the bowl fancied my taste buds & my belly was full afterwards.  
Recommendations: I walked by it the first time, could use a more attention grabbing decals on building.
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~Outside of this being a chain, it's actually one of my favorite places to go for lunch.  The portions are huge but not unhealthy and I usually turn my heaping bowl of quinoa, beets, tahini and hummus into two lunches or dinners and feel great about it.  Make sure you sign up for their rewards app and your first lunch is free!Over priced. I get better food from the venders out front in the carts. Don't waste your time and money.Amazing bowls with unlimited toppings! The ingredients are fresh and the amount of food is great for the price. For the meat I suggest pulled pork. I have also tried lamb and beef but it felt a bit less fresh and cold.I'm sorry to have to write a low review, but my experiences at Verts seem to be trending down.  This is right around the corner from my office, so I was super excited for a quick, healthy option.  My first couple of experiences were great- a ton of food for the price, flavorful, and relatively healthy. Each time I've gone recently it just seems like the quality is going down- they no longer seem to use the spits that kept the meat thinly sliced and juicy. They are out of chicken...a lot.  Today, I opted for lamb and beef as they were out of chicken and it was a giant hunk of gristle-y meat (unsure whether it was lamb or beef).  It was so thick and tough I couldn't even slice it up with a steak knife.  It seems like some of the standard they kept to when they first opened have gone by the wayside which bums me out because I loved the concept!  Attention to detail would go a long way here.Verts came up huge for our event that supports veterans and provided healthy and tasty rice bowls and awesome sandwiches.  An awesome alternative to standard food.  Service and food were great!! Thank you!I've been here a few times now, and am generally really pleased to have this place close to work. The food tastes fresh and it's delicious. My two issues: 1. how long it takes to process orders and move people through (waiting 10 minutes just to order, and not even being at the back of the line is difficult to commit to) and 2. the price. It was something like $13 for one pita with falafel, a side of fries, and a drink. Just seemed a little high for lunch.Love love love his place. It's like the chipotle of Mediterranean foods! 
Pick a base, pick a protein (falafel for vegetarians!), pick as maaaaaany toppings as you like and top it with a dressing or sauce of your choosing. They also have pre-selected seasonal options--but building your own is always more fun.
Everything was so fresh and flavorful, I've been dreaming about my first verts lunch every since! I really was impressed with how good this place was. 
Also, staff was super friendly and helpful. Didn't get annoyed with my one million questions of "what's that? And what's that? What's that though?" as I picked my toppings, which was v impressive.
Pro-tip: download the app for your first entree free!I love the concept of this place as I am a big fan of mediterranean food but hated the execution.  On two occasions I went here and found the service to be slow and unorganized.  There were no pitas ready and the rice was almost finished.  The meat was all dried out as if it had sat out all day long. The falafel was dry and tasteless.  Much better mediterranean sold out of the street meat carts.  Disappointing for sure.This place has become the go-to for a lot of people in my office. Convenient location, great food.  I probably go once a week. However, the protein has been really salty lately. 
The lines are ridiculously long during lunch hours, I will sometimes find myself waiting at least 20-30 minutes. That could also be a testament to how much people love this place! I think it would be smart to consider a second POS system to help speed up the lines at this point. 
There are just a few operational kinks that I'm sure they are working on as they fairly new. 
Overall, I'm a fanNothing like finding a piece of broken hard plastic in your food.   Thankful I didn't break a tooth.The best build a bowl experience in Philadelphia:
The staff are happy 
They happily say yes to everything, so you can choose 2 or 3 toppings or more...
I love, love the fresh herbs and the seasonal butternut squash.
It is delicious, fresh, and often enough to continue later.
I begin with half Quinoa and Spring Mix
They care...I won't be coming here again anytime soon. The food is good, but they definitely have production issues. I came twice this week - first time no chicken available and second time no chicken or rice available. They should have a sign in the front stating what they're out of.  I waited in an already long line only to find out I have to wait another 15-20 minutes if I actually want to get what I came for. Then after standing to the side to wait for my food, I notice people in the line are getting chicken on their bowls while my bowl and others that have been waiting just sit there. They don't have a good system in place to ensure those that have been waiting get served first.  Be prepared to wait 45 min to get your food unless you go at the perfect time (obviously I don't know when that is). Hope they get it figured out soon.Maybe it was because I arrived late, after 8, but the food taste and quality were not great, not even good. The rice for a rice bowl was just too salty. I had to wait for the beef & lamb gyro meat but then it was like crispy hard bacon pieces. The veggies put in were fine, the tzatziki sauce was clumpy.  The eggplant dip that I would think to be babaganoush but was drier looking than the hummus, almost crumbles. I had high hopes for the meal, I really like the concept but it was just a let down.Thank you VERTS for having the most welcoming, kind, helpful staff of any restaurant.  Thank you for the fabulous lunch the Teen Leaders had today, they tried new and delicious food and now are more open to different kinds of food.
We had a great afternoon of preparing for them to lead workshops all around the city because they were grounded and nourished...Thank you.Went here with my girlfriend for lunch. They were out of 3 of the items we asked for, they consider raw onions pickled, and their meat was overcooked and dry. The service was also very rushed and the food underwhelming. We will not eat here again.Wow! Love this spot. Came because I had a free entree (everyone can get this when you download the app!), and I was so pleasantly surprised! I was greeted by a clean environment and very friendly staff! The person who fulfilled my order was awesome and gave me good suggestions as it was my first visit.
I went with the rice bowl, half chicken half pork, spring veggie mix, pickled onions, cucumber and tomato mix. I couldn't decide between sauces so the woman gave me the roasted red pepper and spicy cilantro to try on the side. I loved the roasted red pepper sauce!! Soo good. Next time I probably won't get the cucumber tomato mix in my bowl, but on the side. Loved it but just not with everything else in the bowl.
I will definitely be back! I have enough for lunch tomorrow, and for $8.75 (what I would have paid if it wasn't free), that's worth it to me! And it was DELICIOUS!Was craving Dizengoff after an evening of early drinking but it was closed along with all other researchable hummus places. Randomly stumbled upon this place after heading home from Skygarten. My sister and I shared a rice bowl with eggplant dip, chickpeas, falafel and pork. Everything was good and the pita was delicious. Not as good as dizengoff but definitely satisfied the need for hummus. I would eat here again. Server was also really kind and gave us a little extra pork since we were sharing.This is the perfect place to build your own Mediterranean bowl. You can pick your own base, protein and add an unlimited amount of toppings toppings and sauces. The pita is made fresh and you can see the spickets of meat cooking in the back.My hubby and I ate here last night and thoroughly enjoyed our dinner.  He had a rice bowl with chicken and I had a pita sandwich with chicken.  They warm the pitas on an open flame and they puff up like little pillows.  The meal was fast, inexpensive, and good.  I would recommend!I am literally dictating this review while driving to work because I need to get off my chest my experience at this place. 
I am currently working nights and in a perfect world I would be able to make it from the time that I wake up in the afternoon to the time that I arrive at work to be able to eat my first meal but unfortunately it is not a perfect world and usually when I wake up I am fucking famished. My normal go-to is Wawa for a coffee and something I can find that won't make me 800 lbs. Slim pickings.
Today Wawa didn't even have anything with eggs in it for protein source so I snagged the 20 oz pumpkin spice coffee, threw in some 1/2 & 1/2 and 2..no 3 splendas and decided to give VERTS a try. Yelp reviews weren't entirely convincing however for the first time in my life I decided to make my own decision.
They have an app where you can order and choose every aspect of your meal (pita, quinoa, salad, something else I can't recall; protein, toppings, and dressing/sauce). Very chipotle/subway/every-other-fast-food-chain-that-does-this of them). 
I went with the salad mix, falafel, cucumber/tomato mix, 'penos, chickpeas with harissa and tzatziki. I'm dieting.
I threw the order in on my newly downloaded phone app. Downloading the app allows you to not only order in advance with a projected time of readiness but also automatically enrolls you in the rewards program. Every $100 gets you $10 in rewards and some hummus on yo' boythday. I really should've done marketing. 
My order was pronounced ready before the original projected time. I entered the establishment, waited briefly for a customer receiving their order while observing an employee mix a giant vat of tzatziki. When it was my turn, I was handed the beautiful, warm bag. They were not able to provide me with a bag for the initial bag so I had to juggle my coffee, monsters, and this bad boy on the walk back to my place.
Immediately upon my arrival at my residence, I headed straight for the fridge for a bottle of seltzer and whatever hot sauces would pair well with this meal. I set everything on the coffee table, threw on the premiere of RHONJ, and removed the lid from this beauty. Its appearance (bc let's be real, we all know that's all that matters) was literally exactly like what you would see on a commercial. 
I replaced the lid and shook the container to provide for adequate distribution of the ingredients and dressing. The fucking jalapenos they give you are REAL JALAPENOS! Not the bullshit pickled shit I'm used to receiving at other places. I actually didn't need any hot sauce at all, just one look at the number of seeds in those slices sent my ulcers for a lurch. 
Everything about this meal was SPECTACULAR. The lettuce and other ingredients were fresh, dressing flavorful, and the meal was extremely filling. It's legit 4 hours later and I'm having trouble bringing myself to eat more food. The falafel was saved for last and was the best part. 
This will definitely become a major player on my food consumption rotation.  
Suggestions: please add amba and tahini as saucesSloppy salad. Not worth it. If you want Mediterranean go elsewhere. Also my pregnant coworker had raw pita?I will definitely not be returning. The place smelled like smoke. I had to spend 15 mins waiting... I was the only person there... and the meat was burnt. Truly disappointing.Enjoyed the falafel pita and sweet potato fries at Verts in a casual, clean-lined space with stool seating (low and high) at various counters around the exterior and some regular tables'n'chairs. The sweet potato fries are quite crispy, cut long/traditional. Something (sorry, not sure what it was) in the falafel pita was quite garlicky--stayed with me the remainder of the day, no matter what I did (something to consider if you've an important meeting, etc. later in the day!).This place is packed at lunch! When we arrived the place was filled with smoke, which wasn't too pleasant but eventually got used to it. So basically you stand in line and then get to create your own bowl. They have a bunch of preset bowls, but then you can also customize your own . I tried the falafel corn bowl, which is the starting point and then you can still customize it some more. Overall my bowl was just OK. It is quite big and you will definitely be full, and it comes to just over $10. So overall the experience was just OK, but wouldn't mind going there again.The service at this place is a disgrace. I ordered a bowl that had rice in it and they looked confused when I asked for the rice and then said it would be ten minutes. Long story short I never got the riceAs a regular customer of Agno Grill, I was excited to have something similar closer to my office.  Similar does not mean better.  
I do understand this is a newly opened location and that was apparent when dealing with the staff.  The only staff member who could speak to which items were gluten-free and also tell me what each item had on it for spices was very busy making himself lunch so he could sit down and eat.  The staff member who waited on me was very nice and courteous but needed assistance with my questions as well as with ringing out my order.  
In regards to the food, the tzatziki sauce was awful.  I use tzatziki often in meals and this had the consistency of pudding and just seemed to have cucumbers in it, no other spices.  I ended up scraping it off the toppings in my bowl.  The hot harissa was my favorite part of the meal.  The toppings were just plain, nothing special, the same things I can find on a salad at many restaurants in the city.  The falafel was good but seemed greasy on the outside.  So all in all, it was a disappointing meal for a place I had high hopes.  I will also wager to say that something I ate was either not gluten-free or was cross contaminated as I can already feel a reaction to the food.
I will continue to walk the extra couple blocks to Agno Grill or get delivery when I don't have the time as they have crave worthy toppings you can't find anywhere else and I'm guaranteed a gluten-free experience.Now THIS is a 5 star lunch spot! Clean and freshly prepared mediterranean food in a clean and spacious dining area is heaven on earth for a ravenous law student who just emerged from a 5 hour exam. 
I dined in around 2 pm on a Saturday and tactfully avoided the insane lunch rush of the professionals on Market Street. Verts is a "build your own" set-up and I ordered a chicken over rice bowl adorned with an array of colorful vegetables. It was delicious and the portion size is massive; expect leftovers! 
I also ordered a side of fries, which an employee fried when I ordered it and he brought it to my table PIPING HOT and crispy. What a gentleman! The fries were lightly seasoned with red pepper powder (I'm not sure exactly what it was...) that had a unique and tangy flavor. A+.
The price is also very reasonable. For a massive rice bowl, it was $8.50 and the fries were $2.50. I will definitely be back to try the tasty looking chips and hummus side!
The food is so simple, but so tasty. In this chaotic world, that's really all we can ask for.Great place to pick up lunch on the go.
Good flavors and lots of optional toppings included.I've been meaning to try this place out for quite sometime now and after my co-workers told me when you download the VERTS rewards app your first meal is free, I kid you not - I dropped what I was doing and ran there. Lol. And I was a huge fan.
I got a chicken rice bowl.  I was unsure of what to order, so I limited my toppings.  For next time, I think I will go with something other than rice because it was just super filling.  You pick a base and then a protein and then everything is made to order. 
It is the Mediterranean Chipotle! Also, very inexpensive for a lot of food. Meals are under $10.  For food this fresh and flavorful, it cannot be beat. 
I also love their outdoor seating and open and airy aesthetic. I will be back here for sure!We just left...wait.. were kicked out of Verts at 7:40PM even though the sign said they close at 10pm. We got our food at 7:20 PM. There were 6 of us and we all sat down ready to have dinner. We had planned a small dinner get together to just talk and catch up. At 7:35, someone came over and told us they were locking the doors at 7:45 so this was a warning that we would need to probably get ready to leave. When I told them we thought it closed at 10, she said that today they were closing at 7:45. No reason whatsoever. She said she will give us until 7:50 to leave. Then, at 7:44, someone told us essentially to get out. When we said we were given until 7:50, he essentially smirked and said "oh ok so you have like five more minutes." When I asked why they were closing, they said "because the manager just decided". They didn't tell us before we ordered or else we wouldn't have eaten here. And it was cold out so when we were kicked out with our half eaten food, we literally had no place to go. Not only was this an issue, they were also slow during the ordering process and ran out of chicken and eventually falafel and did not have some sauces. One sauce also contained walnuts which was not printed anywhere and my friend is allergic to walnuts so she couldn't eat her food later after having a slight reaction. Awful customer service and extremely unprofessional. Never coming back and would not recommend at all.
Edit: Someone reached out to us and assured us they would be in contact with the area manager and offered us some vouchers for the place.This place claims to be Mediterranean,  but sells pork .  No Jew or muslim would eat pork.
Menu is expensive.  Reminds me of Chipotle Grill
Food looks ok, but pricey.Everything is great about this place. Food is delicious, and there are tons of healthy options. I got a rice bowl with chicken, chickpeas, some incredibly delicious carrot slaw as well as cabbage slaw. Topped with hummus. It's SO good!!!!!!!
You can literally watch your pita bread being baked right in front of your face. It's a pretty magical feeling witnessing that!
My only suggestion would be... there seem to be only 1 register. This lead to a pretty long line during lunch time. This could easily be my to go lunch spot, at least 2-3 times a week. But not if I have to stand in the line for 20+ minutes.
Trust me when I say I'll be back for more!!! But not as frequently as I would want to.the employees are nice, the quality of the food is always pretty fresh, and the customer service really dealt with my pretty well. they really redeemed themselves, not a bad chainThank you to Kevin, Brett, Gigi, Steven and the rest of the amazing employees for helping out our event!!!! Even though they don't cater they agreed to prepare 20 meals with less than a 24 hour notice. Not only is the staff A+ the food is !!! We had the chicken and pork rice bowls and pitas which were full of flavor and fulfilled the appetite of (10) men over 200lbs each. This is a Veteran supporting business so if you are a veteran consider them! Thank you!!!I'm updating my review because the last few times I went to VERTS, they were out of almost all meat protein. A few weeks ago, I went on my way home from work and they were out of all meats (it was around 5:30pm and they're supposedly open until 10pm). I went today around 1pm and the only meat available was chicken. I asked to see the chicken before I committed to ordering anything. There was very little chicken left in the container and it looked like it had been sitting there for awhile. I told the guy working it looked like the chicken had been sitting there awhile but he didn't say anything. I left and probably won't be back since it's a little out of my way and there's no way of knowing if they'll actually have meat.Amazing bowls with unlimited toppings! The ingredients are fresh and the amount of food is great for the price. For the meat I suggest pulled pork. The other meats have been less fresh. Don't forget to download the app for free first order and free entree for your birthday (make sure to add your birthday in the app)!So lets me say this first, I have been to this particular location last few times and had a wonderful experience. Food was awesome, service was quick even during lunch time. This past Tuesday when I had way below average experience. When I got there, the door to the restaurant was wide open and a chair was being used as a stopper. When I entered I noticed a smell, perhaps something was burned and some smoke. This should have been the sign for me, but I decided to get lunch anyway. I was with a work colleague. I got beef/lamb with rice and he got Chicken with Quinoa. I barely got any beef since their tray was almost empty and they weren't ready to fill it again. Beef and Lamb pieces were over cooked and had a rubber feel to them. Rice was also not cooked properly and was undone. I could feel the grains cracking like I was chewing on something hard. He had similar experience and we ended up trashing our lunch and left. Most likely I would go again and give it one more chance. I am hoping Verts is reading this review and would correct this mistake and improve their quality.Came here in opening day and made my own pork bowl with couscous. It's very similar to Naf Naf but with way fancier toppings (there are SO many of them I basically picked every one of them) and no free pita on the side. My friend got the chicken - way better than my braised pork. Overall, really good blend of flavors in my bowl. Service was hectic but the staff were very accommodating and friendly. I would go back again for a quick meal.Had the beef and lamb pita. Nice selection of toppings, but if the meat is dried out and chewy, who cares? It's right around the corner, so I'll probably try something else next time, but for a gyro, I'll drop a fin on the halal cart next door and pocket the rest.Should have listened to my own advice. Verts is now removed from my lunch rotation. They've been open long enough to get their act together, and they haven't. 
Today I arrived for lunch around 1:20pm -- I left at 1:37 pm -- yes 17 minutes, much longer than  Chipotle line would take despite it being the same type of set up.
Furthermore, they were out of both chicken and turkey/mushroom meatsballs, enough said. It's barely past lunch time and they cannot sufficiently stock their items. Service was not friendly either, nor did they understand anything. I ordered the turkey meatball spicy rice bowl, which is literally on their menu and the employee looked at me like I had an alien arm sticking out of my head.
I'm done with this place, it's inconsistent, service sucks  and management doesn't seem to care as I don't see any improvement, maybe even worse than my last visit. What can I say, you might get a good meal you might not. Just depends on who's working that day, if they have the ingredients ready or what -- it's a mess. I wouldn't go if you have a tight lunch break.The traditional falafel pita is delicious ! And the cucumber limeade is the perfect addition to any mealPros: tasted good. 
Cons: I was sick for 2 days after eating. So was my friend that I went with who has a self-proclaimed iron stomach. 
Yeah... not again.Okay - so went back today. I was able to use my free reward.  Apparently you're automatically charged unless you activate it via email.  They deff need to work out some kinks with the app.  Ate in today.  The line gets long but it moves quickly.I am definitely going to go back and try it again. This place looks like it should be good, but needs work. I think they are having some issues getting settled. The staff seems really confused (although nice). The beef and lamb I got had the texture of beef jerky...The cucumbers we're mushy. The romaine looked skeptical. I suspect it was because I went at dinner. Still, if you say you're open til 10, you should still have fresh food at the ready at 730. I think it was just put too long. I like the vibe of the place and the hummus was very good. I will come back at lunch and see how it is then.Ate there today for the first time I have been taking classes at the Temple building across the street. I love Greek Food and this was satisfying. I love how you can just pick a base then add what you want. The price was a bit high but the food was filling and lots of selections. Also I downloaded their App because its connected to my Level Up account and I got a FREE Entree coupon to use next trip.Verts has been on my radar since they opened in March, and I bookmarked it in Yelp when I started seeing pics of Yelp friends who visited. Finally had dinner at Verts tonight, arrived at 6:30pm, and asked for the lamb quinoa bowl.. no lamb, sorry. Ok I'll have the chicken quinoa bowl, sorry no chicken! Seriously?? So the manager came over and gave me a free chips and humus card then told the lady who was helping me that they could get the chicken off the kebab now.. had to wait for the onions to be replenished and they were out of one of the sauces in my combo. Oddly the place is pretty empty and there are 6 associates behind the counter and in the kitchen. My chicken quinoa bowl was pretty good, but the service was off so I gave them 3 stars.I enjoyed my meal from Verts. It is a solid on the go lunch spot when you're looking for something quick and reasonably healthy. My first meal was also free, which is a promotion they were offering when the restaurant first opened. I don't love it as much compared to other places nearby (like Sweetgreen), so I haven't been back. Definitely worth a try though. I tried a salad with falafel, quinoa, feta, carrot slaw, and cucumber and tomato. It was a yummy meal and I would eat here again if the line at sweetgreen was too long.If you're in the mood for falafel, you're better off getting one from the many carts outside of it. It was decent. There wasn't any rice when I went at 2pm and they didn't have any pickles that you could put on your falafel which feels wrong. They had interesting toppings but nothing to write home about.My roommate and I were excited to try the new mediterranean restaurant down the street. When we got in, there was no line despite it being 7:30pm (it opened 4 days ago so that is somewhat understandable) and the menu was easy to follow for first timers. I ordered a rice bowl with chicken, herbs, tomato/cucumber salad, herb mix, and a spicy sauce on top. The bowl was packed to the top and all the food looked super fresh and well cooked/maintained. The staff is super friendly and helpful!
When I started eating, I was somewhat disappointed by the flavors. There was WAY too much salt. Im not sure if it was just a bad batch of something (couldn't identify what specifically had all the salt) or if thats how they like to season their food. The herb mix was also long stalks of cilantro and parsley instead of being chopped or at least cut into smaller sizes. Any bites with them was immediately overpowering and unbearable. There was just this overall taste of too much seasoning, and I'm someone who has a heavy hand seasoning my own food so I know this was too much. I would definitely go again, but not order the same thing.I was waiting to try this place with my work friends, but, as circumstances would have it, I tried all by my lonesome today and am happy to report, I cannot wait to try it with friends. It is the same concept as other restaurants around town, where you 1. Select your base (Protein and if you want Pita/Salad/Rice or Quinoa Bowl) , 2. Pick your toppings (11 different choices, choose as many as you want) , 3. choose your sauces . 7 different). Plus, they have yummy sweet potato or original french fries and other yummy sides (Hummus plate, Chips & Hummus, etc). It was very crowded and I waited in line, but so worth the wait. There is ample seating inside and outside. They make their own Pita bread daily. I had Falafel in Pita Bread. I had lots of yummy fillings and the tzatziki sauce very good. Falaf3l light and tasty. Pita fresh and delicious. 
I will return, again and again. I know my friends will like this place. Very close to office.Well, that was disappointing!
I've been meaning to try VERTS since they opened up lately, and after having a forkful of my rice bowl, I repeat: Disappointing!
- Customized : Ordinary bowl; rice, chicken, cucumber & tomato mix topping, eggplant dip and tzatziki sauce. Rice and chicken were dry, and eggplant dip was super bland.
- Overpriced bowl: $9.45 ( any typical halal cart dish cost $5). 
- Absolutely mediocre.
- Just a personal opinion.
Two Yelps.I've been twice and was disappointed both times. The first time was in the days after it opened, so I figured they'd need some time to work out kinks (i.e., to learn how to make the menu items). The learning curve is pretty steep apparently. Not only did the guy not have any idea how to make the salad I ordered but he was so stingy with the ingredients that the bowl was half empty when he finished. I'm going to need to eat lunch again.  There are so many other choices nearby so I'm not sure it's worth trying again.I really, really enjoyed Verts.  
I was greeted as soon as I walked in, even though other customers were in line.  The woman behind the counter walked me through the whole process with patience and kindness.  I got rice, chicken (sliced from one of those spinny things), carrot slaw, roasted eggplant, and herb vinaigrette. I am not sure which one of those had the spicy kick, but it just unified the whole meal. It was lipsmacking good!  I ate the whole thing in one sitting, which I rarely do these days.
I was also offered the opportunity to download the app for rewards. You get a free entrée just for downloading and $10 for every hundred dollars you spend.
The service is definitely a differentiator. Not only was the woman who waited on me super helpful, but even the woman filling the cartons made it a point to acknowledge me and say goodbye as I exited.
With delicious food and outstanding service, how can you go wrong?!This place was very good. They serve a lot of food. They use very distinct spices that could be a bit overwhelming but I enjoyed it! Sweet P fries were so good!