I highly recommend this place! This was our first "Chef Tasting"! It was exquisite!! We had 9 courses and all were truly delicious. Wine was amazing. If you are in Philly, I highly recommend Vetri.Probably the best meal I have ever had.  We were overwhelmed with the quality of the food.  I had a smoked fish appetizer, spinach gnocchi and pasta with artichokes, a Mediterranean white fish fillet that just melted in the mouth.  Dessert I ordered was a strawberry rhubarb cobbler.  Now, we had WAY more food than what we ordered, as the chef sends out little surprises during the dinner courses.  Three hours after arriving, we left totally sated and feeling like we had just experienced something really special.  Of course, for the price, one would expect something special, but this was far beyond special--this was a meal to remember.We did the regular tasting menu with a few bottles of wine--possibly the best meal I've ever had.  The chef clearly focuses on great textures and on selecting a few key ingredients with strong flavors in their own right (the pigs feet meatballs were outstanding).  The service was absolutely perfect and much appreciated having just eaten at another place where I felt rushed through my dinner.  Absolutely excellent!No doubt this is one of the best restaurants in the city.
Food:
I had the pleasure of trying the grand tasting menu and it was well worth every penny.  I tried Hallibut for the first time here and I was really impressed with the flavor and texture of the fish.  Get the foie gras you won't regret it.  Seriously the best food in the city.
Service:
Our waitress looked like Anne Hathaway and she was really nice.  They strive to make sure you enjoy their food.  At one point she noticed that we didn't like the goat that was served as our 6th course - even though we said it was okay somehow she knew we didn't like it (I think they bugged our table).  They actually gave us an extra course of the Hallibut to make up for it - which was awesome.
Ambience:
The restaurant is in a row home on Spruce street.  It's got an old feel to it and is prefect for a dinner date.  It's fancy.By far one of the best meals/experiences I've ever had in the city. Our server Bill was fabulous; the chef came out frequently and visited our table. If you are looking for great service, food and overall experience- this place will exceed your expectations!Quite possibly THE BEST restaurant in philly. It's a very personal, small place which requires reservations well in advance for popular dining days/times. Northern Italian fine cuisine of the highest quality by James Beard Award winning chef Marc Vetri. A visit to Vetri Ristorante is a special occasion in itself.  $$$$Slamming is the first word that comes to mind when wanting to describe this place! Vetri is very expensive, but I took my fiance here for her birthday as a treat. It was on her bucket list, we both love food, so I went for it. The house brined almond prosciutto was my most favorite thing we tried. I caught myself making faces like Andrew Zimmern makes when trying certain things that have such and incredible unique taste and did share with my server. It really was a treat! We did also get to see a short tour of the upstairs private kitchen and dining room which was beautiful as well. Everything tasted super fresh and each presentation was wonderfully created.
I would give them 5 stars, BUT, we did find a bone in the snapper dish they brought out, which the chef would have gotten "chopped" for and the desserts did not even come close to the amazingness of the actual meal. I feel like some places should skip the desserts and just stick everything else they do well. We will be back, just have to save up again!This is by far my favorite place in the city.  I'm on the road a lot and have dined at some of the best restaurants in the U.S. and I would put Vetri at the top of the list.  For a special occasion this just can't be beat.  I went last year from our Anniversary, I'm a foody, my husband is not and they gave him a few extra pasta dishes...it made the night perfect!  I love having Verti right in Philadelphia.Anyone who says that this restaurant is "shockingly average" does not know anything about fine dining.  I have eaten in famous restaurants all over the world, and this one is right up there with any of them.  I will admit that if you are looking for a "scene" or a "trendy atmosphere", this restaurant is not for you.  However, having said that, I will say that there is no other restaurant in Philadelphia that produces food that is as interesting, fresh, and delicious as Marc Vetri's.  The service is impeccable, the menu ever-changing, and the preparations fascinatingly nuanced.
I went there tonight for my tenth time.  I took a few friends out for a celebratory dinner.  We ate their famous charcuterie plate, a special preparation of nantucket bay scallops, pig's foot ravioli, pork belly papardelle, spinach gnocci, shoulder of baby goat, salt-cured branzino, a cheese plate, lavender gelato, and chocolate souffle.  We ordered "family style" and enjoyed every single bite.  In fact, we ordered "seconds" of the papardelle and scallops because they were so delicious.
Some advice before dining at this restaurant.  First, eat family style.  It is the best way to taste as much as possible of the diverse menu.  Second, let them help you choose the wine.  The employees of this restaurant are well-versed in the nuances of their wine selections and will help you find a reasonably priced bottle that pairs well with your menu choices and preferences.  Third, when you eat here, "go all out".  That means, get ready to eat a lot, and prepare to enjoy yourself thoroughly.  This is a restaurant tailored for those who enjoy a cozy, comfortable atmosphere, nice people, and good food.  Again, if you are looking for a trendy restaurant, go to Morimoto.  The food won't be NEARLY as good, but you'll find all of the wannabe hipsters you can handle.
I know this is a strong review, but I believe every word of it.  There are a lot of excellent restaurants in Philadelphia that may enjoy more "street cred" (think Le Bec Fin, Morimoto, Buddhakan, etc.), but certainly do not deserve it.  This restaurant is absolutely terrific, and if you walk in with an open mind (and granted, an open wallet), you will absolutely enjoy it as much as I do.
Enjoy.  This will be one of your better dining experiences, anywhere.
--WEMHaving just read about Marc Vetri and his eponymous restaurant in Bon Appetit (Sept issue), and having a scheduled trip to Philly, we decided to visit this much lauded Italian restaurant. You might have missed this place walking by it. The restaurant has only 35 seats, a very cozy atmosphere as you would find in typical Italian restaurants. Buon Ricordo (good memory) ceramic plates on the wall remind you that this chef travels to Italy often to further immerse himself in food.
The menu is updated weekly and changes with the season. They also offer 6 and 8 course tasting menus during the summer. We called just a day before our visit (they book 2 months ahead) we were very lucky to get in! The chef and staff were so welcoming and treated us like royalty! Here's what we ate:
Antipasti - huge antipasto round with lots of yummy grilled, marinated vegetables, smoky cheeses, mixed greens with grana, and freshly sliced ethereal slices of prosciutto done a la minute and brought to our table. We also ordered the Crisp Suckling Pig with Roasted Corn antipasto that was so delicious! The chef also sent out the Foie Gras Pastrami with Cherry Mostarda (the foie gras is "cured" like pastrami - this was such an amazing dish!).
For pastas, we ordered the Mint Pappardelle with Lamb and Sweet Pea Ragu and the signature Spinach Gnocchi with Shaved Ricotta and Brown Butter. Lots of butter in the gnocchi sauce! The gnocchi were almost entirely made of spinach - and just so light and delicate. The chef also sent out a taste of the not-on-the-menu corn ravioli with shaved black summer truffles from italy. Divine!
We decided to share the main course  - another signature: Roasted Capretto (baby goat) with Soft Polenta - it was out of this world! Chef Marc Vetri presented each dish to us, and this was especially incredible - they roast the goat outdoors for hours. It was so tender! 
Such a great experience and we loved meeting Marc. He is an incredible chef and we will be back!Great service, understated ambiance, impeccable and somewhat creative Italian food.  Not the best value for your dollar, but undoubtedly a quality dining experience.The best meal in the city. The epitome of class and a place to celebrate in decadence.I have wanted to dine hear for quite a while and finally got a chance last week.  In one word: Incredible.  The menu is only used to eliminate a choice or possibly include an item as a must.  Then it is up to the chef what you eat.  Everyone at the table is served something different for each course.  There were four of us so there was occasionally some double ups.  There are two different wine pairing options available.  The price is steep and because of that it won't be a restaurant that I will be going to regularly but it won't stop me from going again.  I would rather have one meal here than 10 meals at lesser restaurants. 
Since there were four of us and we were happy to share, we were able to taste about 20 different dishes.  Everything was wonderful.  The wine pairings were excellent; in some cases perfect.  
The service was very good and the sommelier was exceptional with her wine descriptions. 
If you go, understand that it will set you back 300 dollars per person, but it is truly an incredible experienceThe food at Vetri is excellent. The service is impeccable. It is not cheap. Our group of four spent nearly a thousand dollars on food and wine. My most expensive meal ever. Recognized as one of the nations top restaurants this is understandable. However, my meal was not the best ever - that was a place called Django near South Street a decade ago and far less expensive.
Don't get me wrong - we had a great meal. Terrfic chef. I simply expected "the best ever". I'll have to return a second time to be fair.I came here a few days ago with my boyfriend's family for his graduation dinner. It was an amazing dining experience - I believe we ended up with a total of 7 courses with a second dessert to go. Upon arrival, you are presented with a menu with 4 categories. You then tell your server if any of the items look particularly intriguing or disgusting, as well as inform him/her of any food allergies. Other than your few thoughts, the chef will be the one deciding the course for you. My recommendation is to chill and let the chef pick. I'm somewhat of a picky eater so this concept was a scary one to me, but it turned out to be great. 
Since we all tasted one another's courses, I got to sample a wide variety of the offerings. I had originally requested the sweet onion crepe and pistachio dessert and told the chef that "I like meat." While the sweet onion crepe was very good, I actually thought the squid and artichoke galette, which was served at the same time, was out of this world. AMAZING. Another favorite of mine was the stuffed guinea hen breast for the main course, which was served while I had the bronizini. The stuffed hen was soooooo good, writing about it makes me upset that I can't have more right now. I am personally not a huge fan of white fishes, so I feel that I didn't enjoy the bronzini as much as someone else would have. Given that I had mentioned that I love meat, this is the one small aspect of things that I was slightly disappointed in. 
Overall it was an amazing and very filling dinner. Keep in mind it's not just 4 course the way the menu makes it out to be, so don't fill up on bread too early!Definitely one of the best meals I've ever experienced. The food was delicious, the service attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere warm. 
We were a table of 4 on Saturday night experiencing the chef's grand tasting menu which was $135 a person. You are given a glass of prosecco to sip while looking a the menu. You have a chance to let them know if there is something you would prefer not to eat. For most of us, it was baby goat. Everything else sounded good or at least interesting.
 I want to give props to the sommelier. He was very knowledgeable about all wine regions even trivial ones that my Dad mentioned. The first bottle of wine we ordered wasn't to his liking so he wouldn't serve it. This was a $90 of bottle which he could have easily served us.  
 The highlights of the meal were:
-  fried onion pearls. They were like an upscale onion ring
- sweet onion crepe. So sweet and yummy.
-  Sea bass. This was the first time I've had sea bass and I liked it!
-   Beggar purses (see below)
-   spinach and semolina gnocchi. the gnocchi was the best i've ever had. it was almost too rich to eat
-  chocolate souffle. drool
There was one item that I didn't like. It was mint fettuccine with clams. The texture and the flavor didn't really work for me so I just let it sit in front of me. One of the waitresses noticed it and replaced it with beggar purses with meat inside and brown butter and cheese on top. It wasn't on the menu, but it was delicious!  Probably one of the best things all night.
 When the dessert course arrived, my step-mom had a candle in her cake since we were celebrating our birthday. No one told the staff it was her birthday so they must have overheard us talking about it.  It was a really nice surprise.  
The night ended 3 hours later and completely stuffed. They sent us home with a white nylon bag with a copy of the menu and mini biscotti to enjoy later. Such a nice way to end a  great eveningLet me start in reverse ... it's getting late and I'm sitting in a small brownstone housing an intimate restaurant, I look past glasses of wine that aren't quite finished, and sitting across from me is the tall, dark and handsome gentleman who has taken me here.  I sigh and realize this is probably the best meal I've ever eaten. I think a lot of people have had this experience at Vetri, minus perhaps the gentleman.  So, while I'm not alone, I am glad that I'm in that company.  
Although I can't imagine eating one more thing, the gracious waiter sets down a small plate of petit fours, we look up at him with wide eyes and say we can't possibly. Before we finish our sentences he quickly assures us that he will wrap them up so that we have something to take home. Along with our dessert and a cellophane bag containing two chocolate laced biscotti, we are presented with a printed copy of the wine pairing list that we enjoyed and the tasting menu of everything we've had the pleasure of trying tonight.  
I won't go in to everything that went into this masterpiece of a meal. But some standouts were the first course, with many small bites, such as tuna crudo, foie gras served on a small crisp wafer, then the branzino and the house milled bread.
The waiter is a professional, knowing when to stop by and when to let us linger and enjoy our meal and animated conversation. He describes our wine with such clarity, I stop to wonder where he's been trained, but at the same time he's unassuming and likable and clearly enjoys his work. This is demonstrated when he comes over mid meal with an excited look to proudly say they unexpectedly got in some black truffles that morning, and sets down a small plate of fettuccini with black truffle ragu.  I tell him when he returns that I could possibly eat only this for the rest of my life, and be happy.  Philadelphia, you never disappoint, I could endlessly visit your wonderful supply of quirky, fun, inventive restaurants, but I think now that they were perhaps the orchestra tuning, and that Vetri is a symphony in full swing.My husband and I were treated to dinner here by dear family that spare no expenses. 
We received a glass of champagne upon being seated, not sure if this was complimentary or not. However, I am sure that it was a great start. 
The waiter came over, gave us water, bread, and explained how things work, asked for any food restrictions (which annoyingly we had plenty of; kosher style, pescatarian, no pork or shellfish, and the lucky one among us- my husband- who has none and gets to eat EVERYTHING). Like I said, annoying and slightly complicated but our waiter got it. 
The food started coming out slowly, steadily, and pretty generously. I have to say, I don't remember the exact combinations of our dishes, but I do remember that the homemade pasta was incredibly tasty and cooked to perfection, every vegetable we had was incredibly fresh, meat was incredibly tender, wine was delicious, and dessert was brought out double, because we got it like that. Not really, because I asked ever so nicely for more macaroons. 
The service was one of the best parts and the ambiance very nice and homey. Our waiter was hysterical and very personable, the chef came by our table too which is always a nice touch. This is more of a "we're here celebrating something" or "tonight is a special evening" restaurant. A real treat.My fiancé and I have celebrated our 10 years Anniversary at Vetri. We were greeted and seated promptly. The staff were amazing and so were the dishes. My fiancé and I enjoyed everything (we even did the wine pairing) and we were not disappointed. I love how the staff explain each dishes and the taste (and fragrance) of each wine. We had a lovely yet romantic evening at Vetri and it is a must go for any romantic outing. Thank you to everyone at Vetri for making our night memorable. (April 5th, 2016)With all the great choices that exist in Philly now, I believe that Vetri is the best fine dining experience in the city. I think the restaurant is moving to a chef's tasting menu-only option, and that is fine because that is the best way to experience the indulgence that is Marc Vetri's cooking. In conjunction with the wine pairing, this is a can't miss option. Been here a number of times now and have always left feeling as if the money paid was well worth it.
Everything is delicious. There's no point in telling you which dishes to order, because its a crapshoot what you'll get based on Vetri's mood and available ingredients for the evening. However, the wait staff will ask if you have dietary constraints and will take that information back to the kitchen. My wife will not eat seafood, and they worked around that for her.
A couple of things about the service: it is great. Hostesses, wait staff are uber-attentive and the sommelier is awesome! His name escapes me, but he is friendly, knowledgeable, and constantly available for all the dumb questions I wanted to ask about wine. He is a blast to chat with and adds to the total experience you get here. He makes me and my friends feel comfortable.
Last thing....the last time we were there, the staff recognized me and my friend and gave the ladies at our table that evening's tasting menu with Marc Vetri's autograph. That was a nice touch to end a special evening.
Can't say enough good things about Vetri...it is a place that you should go to at least once to say that you've had the experience. Chances are you'll go there again.Exquisite. We went here for the second time this fall since they started the chef's menu. We'd been to Vetri a few times in the past, when it was a fabulous, traditional Italian restaurant and it was great then. This is food, wine and service taken to a new level. On both occasions we had the wine pairing and it was spot on perfect with the courses. We started both times with a palate teaser from the chef which promised the joys of what was to come. Unlike most multi course chef's offerings (such as Alinea in Chicago) Vetri actually gives you a choice of dishes within a limited range of beautifully prepared courses. We opted to have the chef choose for us both times so that we could taste what he thought was interesting and so that we could share each other's plates. When I say that this rivals the best restaurants that I've ever been to, it is not an exaggeration. The blend of flavors in each course and plate was magnificent.
In addition, we had the same wait person both times and he paid meticulous attention to us and was friendly and understated. Such a pleasure. Finally, one could actually have a lovely conversation here. It had a pleasant low level vibe without intruding on conversation. For those of us who hate loud restaurants, it was heaven. Vetri is pricey, so it's not an everyday, casual kind of place. But you get what you pay for.I know there is A LOT of hype about this restaurant. It was very quaint inside and you almost feel like you are in Europe! I had taken my boyfriend for his birthday and he got the baby goat while I had gotten the chicken. We split two half portions of pasta and ordered a special appetizer (which I forget exactly what it was called). 
Overall, I thought the food was very delicious, but wow... portions are smaller than what I had expected to be for the price! I know that this place was pricey, but the half portion of pasta was literally if you had taken a larger fork, twirled some pasta on it and plated it. 
Very, very good restaurant, but not what I had expected it to be.OK, if you love trying food this is your place to go! The menu tasting is by far my favorite. I love that you can try so many different things. The chef does not disappoint with the selections. I will say my all time favorite dessert is the pistachio flan. That's a big deal coming from someone who loves chocolate.this place is very FANCY! omg the food its just incredible the only downside of this place  is the price , but it worth it :) ..
the staff are very professional and very informativeIt's a tiny unassuming place that we couldn't find at first. I love restaurants in houses so I was really excited when we finally found it. We stepped in and they actually were able to seat us early (8pm instead of our 8:45 reservation). The service really is impeccable. I almost wish I got wine so we could experience the sommelier who seemed amazing.
We ordered a la carte because we are not yet filthy rich. For our antipasti, we got the TEMPURA SOFT SHELL CRAB which was ugh sooo goooood. Then our bread came, which was weird, and I thought the focaccia was to-die-for, the white tuscan not so much. For pastas we tried the SHRIMP & RICOTTA RAVIOLI, which just melted in your mouth but I think it reminded me too much of shrimp shu mai. We also had the DUNGENESS CRAB SPAGHETTI which was really disappointing - really salty, no crab to be seen, and the pasta was really hard and I know that's not what al dente is. Our secondi was the special, a SUCKLING PIG dish that was pretty much perfect, really decadent and crispy and salty and sweet.
So it was a mixed experience. I really expected better pasta (and bigger portions of it), but the antipasti and secondi were amazing. The tables next to us got the tasting menus and wine and would not stop raving about it so that is probably the way to go if you can afford to splurge (more than usual).The tasting menu at Vetri was an experience I will never forget. Every plate that was put in front of me was executed perfectly and was delicious. The fresh tortellini with a generous shaving of white truffles was borderline sexual. Spinach gnocchi with brown butter, Russian salad, smoked Canada goose stuffed endive, sweet onion crepe w/ truffle fondue, boar ragu, apple fed lamb, and pistachio flan were all memorably awesome.
Overall, it was a four and a half hour dining experience that was worth every penny. 
Be sure to get a reservation, go hungry, and buckle up for the meal of your life.This is as close to a perfect dining experience as one should expect from humans doing human things 
The food is delicious (although slightly too reliant on butter for many of the dishes) 
The service is the most personal and professional I have ever experienced (three visits total) - completely lacks pretense, classism, or condescension 
I'm proud of who they are and what they have become !Celebrated my Anniversary at Vetri's last night. Although we did not want the wine pairing, a nice bottle of wine was enjoyed. Going to Vetri's was a fabulous experience that I will remember forever. Thank you for the wonderful food, service and hospitality.Amazing dinner. My family went to Vetri for my dad's 60th birthday. I would have gone back the next day if I could. The restaurant is small but in no means cramped. I believe there are only 13 tables in the restaurant. The meal was everything I thought it would be and more. All four of us ordered an app, a pasta course, and an entreé. That was by no means too much food. It was just the right amount. The pasta courses can be ordered in half portions as well. The rabbit pasta dish was excellent, as was the papadelle(spelling) pasta dish. For my entreé, I ordered the baby goat with polenta. My entire family said it was the best of the entree's we ordered. The flavoring of the crispy skin was amazing! My dad ordered the venison. For him, I wish there was more to it. The portion of venison seemed small. My mom and brother spit the branzino. It was very good. My brother loved the sprouts. For dessert we ordered the cheese platter and the doughnuts. My dad loved the cheese. There were six different hunks of chess on the platter with bread and jellies. My doughnuts were amazing. I wanted to order a second plate of them. I even took a picture of them and sent it to my girlfriend. The only issue with the night was my dad said his coffee was not hot enough for him. I'd go back any night of the week!!!!Celebrate a special occasion here and you will not be disappointed with the experience.  The food is created with such skill and sophistication that it outshines any other restaurant in Philadelphia.  If money is not an issue, then this is the place.My wife and I traveled to Philadelphia from Houston to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary.  Vetri Cucina helped make our anniversary meal very special.  We frequent a lot of tasting menu restaurants, and enjoy being led by the chef's selections - but sometimes you get a dish that doesn't quite fit with your dietary preferences (as opposed to allergies).  Vetri Cucina's system of allowing you to look at the 20 or so potential dishes for the night and to let the kitchen know which dishes you DO NOT and which dish might be a MUST HAVE allows the kitchen to create a tasting menu tailored just for you.  They also do not serve each person in your party the same menu.  This allowed my wife and I to basically share a 13 course tasting menu, instead of 6 or 7 courses.  Service was very informed and outstanding.  The restaurant itself is located in a renovated brownstone, so it has a very homey feel to it.
The tuna crudo and prosciutto dishes were my favorite antipasta courses.  The pastas were the real standout dishes.  My favorite was the Fetuccelle (cross between fettuccine and parpadelle) with porcini and blueberry.  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was an interesting combination of the earthiness of the mushrooms and the sweetness of the blueberry.  My wife enjoyed the malfadine with braised beef ragu.  Very meaty and very flavorful.  
For the "secondi" courses, we were served the porcelet and the veal dishes.  Both were very tasty, but at this point in the meal we were getting pretty full, and we wished we would had been served the seafood course (snapper) to lighten up the meal a bit.  Live and learn, it would have been easy to ask for that dish at the beginning of the meal.  The desserts were good, but at this point, we were really stuffed.  Great anniversary meal though.  I highly recommend Vetri Cucina for a tasting menu that is quite collaborative between chef and diner.I don't know how long I've been saying that if the world was ending or if I was dying, the first thing I'd do is rush to Vetri. Thankfully, neither scenario happened, and I was privileged to finally dine there last night. 
With that being said, I obviously preemptively put Vetri Cucina on a pedestal surrounded with unrealistic hype. I had butterflies the moments leading up to my visit of combined sheer giddiness and nerves, that I would somehow be let done. I'm ecstatic to report that my dining experience at Vetri was one of the top dining experiences of my lifetime, and I found it to be truly everything everyone says it is, and more. 
Upon entry to the restaurant, I was actually a little uncertain. The hallway was narrow, and I had to walk through a crowd to get to the hostess stand. That literally was the lowlight of the evening, and that's not even horrible. Every aspect of the evening was stellar from there-on-out. 
Where to begin? Well, to start, I wish I was taking notes. Our server was so knowledgeable that I wish I could've written down everything he said about the food and the wine. The wine paring was extraordinary from the thorough to description to the actual pairing. I had the six-pour pairing and I'd absolutely recommend going that route. I didn't view the actual list until after the meal, I didn't realize that they literally listed the wines and dishes they paired with on the page. This is a great keepsake, and guide for my own future pairings. 
After our aperol spritz, we started with a few "snacks" and a vegetable crudités platter for the table. We passed the veggies and helped ourselves to the snacks from the center of the table. Our next course, after the bread, was our antipasti. I didn't realize the plate in front of me was my tuna crudo, and mine alone. Theoretically, a group could share and pass everything. We did, to some extent, however we mostly ate the plate in front of us. Based on specific wine pairings, this does make sense.  
Taking a step back, before our tasting journey began, our server gave us some time to discuss the menu and our preferences. I was told to "not be shy" if there was something I really wanted to try. While the tasting menu had the element of surprise at every course, the meal was centered around that initial conversation with the server. From just looking at the menu, there were a few standouts that I simply needed to try. 
After the antipasti- we moved on to multiple rounds of pasta. Mamma mia! The swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter was one of the most exquisite things I've ever eaten in my entire life. The gnocchi melted in my mouth as the flavor of the brown butter sauce lingered. This was served with the tortellini with truffle sauce that would've been a knockout on its own. I received the mafaldini with lamb shank ragu as my second pasta course. This was my must-have, and while delicious, the gnocchi still takes the cake. Special shout out to the delectable seafood in the tonnarelli al Frutti di mare that I sampled for one of the other plates
At this point in the meal, I was starting to hurt, however there was no looking back. No food down, no food left behind. Of course, I had to sample the next round of bread that came out- the sourdough. No regrets either. 
I rallied in time for our secondi; in my case, the milk fed veal with asparagus- yet another standout from my initial menu review. I've said this before about veal, however, we have a new winner. This was the BEST veal I've had in my life. We had two different preparations of this tender, tender meat. One was more tender and filet-like, the other was delectably fattier with a slight crisp. There was a dollop of sauce, however I preferred the veal in its own juices. 
Finally, we reached dessert status. Based on our groups eagerness to try everything, our server ended up bringing us one of each dessert option. The pistachio flan was placed in front of me, and the pistachio that oozed out of the flan upon dipping my fork was a highlight. We literally based the plates around the table and it was great to try a little of everything. I hit crazy status when the little pastry tray was placed in the center. Did I need to try one of everything? Probably not, but when at Vetri, you try to eat it all. 
While the food was phenomenal, the staff added to the entire experience. Aside from our fantastic server, the team work and collaboration of guest service was apparent. We had so many people interacting with us throughout the meal that were aiming to please and perfectly harmonized with the actions of their colleagues. 
I was smiling on the outside and smiling on the inside. This meal is a true highlight in my culinary life.  So, I'm so thrilled the world isn't ending and I'm not dying. While I've checked a major item off my bucket list, it's only left me with the taste for more of the finer Vetri Cucina dining experience.Fantastic!  By far the best restaurant I've eaten at in Philly.  As far as atmosphere, the restaurant is small (maybe 15 tables) in a small row house.  The staff is as friendly as it gets.  Our servers kept checking in on us, but did not get to the point were it became annoying. 
We dined on a Friday night, so we got the grand tasting menu with the wine pairing (a $90 supplement).  They presented us with the options that were being made that night and asked if there was anything that we would or would not eat on the menu.  
The amuse were a great start:
-Beet Salad: Ok, although I'm not sure how it was an amuse.
-Tomato and Red Pepper Cold Soup: Fantastic.  I only wish I could get a large bowl with lump crab on top.  I could eat this everday.
-Corn Pudding:  Very Good.
-Squab Fritter:  Very good.  It was my wife's favorite amuse.
-Foie Pastrami on toast.  Simply amazing.  I love foie and I love pastrami.  They two combined could have not been any better.
We then had a variety of smaller dishes that were different for me and my wife (which is great, so we can try more of the options):
Highlights:
-Foie Pastrami
-Sweet Onion Crepe.  Best thing we ate that night.
-Spinach Gnocci.  A Vetri classic.  It is unfair to compare any other gnocchi to these.  Simply amazing.
-Wine.  All the wine was perfectly paired with each dish.  All from Italy.  A great bargain.  Definitely worth it.
-Desserts.  Chocolate Polenta cake and peach and blackberry upside down cake were amazing.
Lowlights:
-Sardine.  Probably my mistake for not taking this off the table.  I'm not a huge sardine fan.
-Porchetta stuffed with Cherries:  I just wasn't a fan.
Overall:  Definitely a great experience and a must eat in Philly.  Hands down the best Italian I've ever had (including Italy).
In response to another post below:
Contrary to what another poster said, I think the amount of food was perfect.  We walked out full, but not feeling gross.  The portion sizes here are much more realistic than Per Se.  Walking out of Per Se, I wanted to vomit due to the large quantity of rich, buttery food and large number of courses.  Also, I'm not sure how you can compare the two on price, since my bill at Per Se for two was over twice what I paid at Vetri.  I'm not saying this is better than Per Se, but I don't think you can compare the two. They are two different styles of food, atmosphere (I had to wear a tie at Per Se), price, etc.Everyone should come here at least once. Even if it means eating kimchi and rice (or whatever it is non-Asian people eat when they're trying to save money) for 30 days straight, it will be worth it.
Yes, it is true that Vetri now only offers the full tasting menu at $135 a head. Add in the wine tasting menu, and you're over $200 a person, not factoring in tax and tip. I thought I was being clever, so I decided to forgo the wine and pregame with a few pints at Monk's a few blocks away. Not the classiest of things to do, but dealing with my lack of class is something I have to do every day.
Be aware that the menu changes seasonally. They offer you a menu with several options for each course, so expect to get any one of those items. You can inform your server if you have any particular preferences or diet restrictions, and they are very accommodating. My dining companion and I received different items for nearly the entire meal, so I was able to sample about 11 different dishes. 
If you see the spinach gnocchi, order it. Marc Vetri is a master of pasta, but even this is out of the ordinary for him. The gnocchi melts in your mouth, releasing the fresh spinach that is somehow still slightly crisp. The golden onion sweet crepe with white truffle fondue is also completely mind-blasting. Everything from the seasonal vegetable plate to the post-meal macaroons was delicious and perfectly executed, with excellent service and ambiance to match.
The only sour taste I got was the one left in my mouth when presented with the bill (incidentally, they also miscalculated *slightly* and almost charged us $200 extra!). But quality isn't always easy to come by, so start collecting your loose change (or loose Benjamins) and, please, direct yourself to Vetri.My expectations were high for this place. On service and ambiance it certainly did not disappoint. Service was impeccable to say the least. Lots of helpful food and wine pairing suggestions from all. At the end we opted for the tasting menu (truly seemed like the best way to really get a feel for the food). The wine pairings were perfect with the menu offerings but the options brought out to us were hit and miss. For example for one of our appetizers we ended up with a fried tempura dish. Although it was tasty, it seemed fairly boring for a dish at Vetri -the food mecca.
For the main course we ended up with the goat which was tasty ,but quite small.. At the end of the day I walked away slightly hungry and $400 poorer. For the price and quantity of food offered there's better dining options in the city...One of the best dinners I've ever had. 10 across the board for food, service, presentation, ambiance and overall experience. Value I can't rate because you go into that knowing what you're spending and it's all relative to whether or not that's worth it to you.
The gnocchi are to die for, as is the onion. The amuse-bouche was a perfect way to start the meal. That second bread with the olive oil - I could eat that daily.
Service was impeccable. The wine guy knew his stuff more than anyone I've ever seen.
Go with at least a half-wine pairing. It's definitely worth it and adds to the experience.
The entire dinner was a total sensory experience.This restaurant is a solid 4 star. Had a very meaty hearty pasta. foie gras was very tasty and cooked right. Lamb chops top notch almost heavenly. Service very professional. Very dark and small narrow place. Tthe restaurant's door is about same as the others on the street, not so easy to tell in the night. Overall a very nice dining experience.This is the best restaurant in town. Their Italian food is awesome. My friend went for the steak and said it was the best he ever tasted. The service was just as good. Yes it's pricey but it's well worth it. We will be back here for sure in the near future. One of the best ideas we had in a long time.Vetri was shockingly average. We had such high expectations given the restaurants sterling reputation, but were really disappointed. We made reservations two months ago for a Friday night so we could choose our food a la carte and not do the tasting menu. It's in a small cute location, but once you sit down it feels a little claustrophobic, especially since there are so many waitstaff hovering over your table and over the other diners' tables. It was actually very distracting, because many of the customers are regular patrons there and thus know the staff well. As a result we spent more time hearing about the host's family then we did talking with each other. The chef also seemed out of the kitchen more than he seemed in it, and the result was evident in our food. The menu is intriguing, it's classic Italian with a nice mix of meat, fish, and pasta. As expected at a place like Vetri, it's very expensive. However, when you pay $43 for loin of venison you expect a decent size portion and exceptional execution. That was not the case, except for our pasta appetizer all our dishes were luke warm and only one was a substantial portion. After spending $200 for apps, dinner, dessert, and wine you really should not leave hungry. We thought the pasta was excellent and nothing was bad, but just average. We eat at nice restaurants all the time, and this really didn't measure up. Don't buy into the hype, save your money and eat somewhere else.A special occasion calls for a ridiculously expensive meal. And I'd gladly fork over another $230 a person for the chef's tasting and wine pairings whether it was a special occasion or not. As soon as I get another $230, that is.
Staff members were so gracious I wished I could hug them.  I actually said out loud (after a few pre-dinner drinks and downing two glasses of the wine flight) that they knew us so well yet didn't know us at all - in reference to how they selected the courses for each of us. I really like whites over reds and my partner vice versa and every dish I secretly wished to eat was placed in front of me. Dreamy.
The sommelier then poured us a glass of Agricola Punica "Barrua" 2005 which he said is reserved for "friends." Love you, too, buddy. For someone like me, who lives to eat, it's nice to be served by people who know their shit and love it their shit.
The menu changes frequently so I'll just say that you should pray to whatever god you serve that you'll get to taste Vetri's foie gras pastrami, their fregola with octopus and the baby goat. 
Once all is (sadly) said and done you're waived "Arrivederci" with a fancy tote, biscotti and menu copies. Ciao, I'll miss you.Hands-down the best dinner we've ever had in Philadelphia.  Food is so thoughtful.  Amazing wine pairings.  Fantastic and genuine service.  Can't wait to bring our friends!Celebrated a special occasion with my sister here a couple weeks ago and have since been trying to think of the right way to put such an elaborate, spectacular dining experience into words without droning.
I've told only a couple people about this meal since having it, and even then I felt like I was carrying on with superfluous details, unable to truly capture what made it so special.
All I'll say is that if you have an occasion worth celebrating and the means to celebrate it at Vetri, as well as a taste for fine food, you will not possibly regret eating here. Every single bite of food and sip of wine was something to savor. On more than one occasion my sister and I found ourselves musing, "this is probably the best thing I've ever eaten." Our menu was essentially entirely selected for us, and over the course of the meal we ended up trying at least 2/3 of the entire menu. I meant to take some pictures but by the time a complimentary spritzer and amuse bouche arrived at the table (immediately) I forgot I even owned a cell phone.
And while I hope that some day I will again experience food as wonderful as this, I cannot expect to ever have better service. From the moment we walked through the door, to the moment we left the table almost 4 hours later, there was not a single need unmet, question unanswered, glass left empty. The hospitality at Vetri is absolutely unmatched. They operate as a team with someone always alert to the tables' needs without it ever feeling like you're being watched. Everyone has a smile on their face and is willing to help in any conceivable way. I can't thank our main server, Bill, and sommelier, Bobby, enough for making the evening so relaxed and enjoyable. It was one of the best nights my sister and I have ever had together.
Lastly, I'd be remiss not to mention that what everyone has said is true:
Sweet onion crepe
Swiss chard gnocchi
Almond tortellini
Out of this fucking world.
And this was me trying to keep it short...smhVetri was a lot of fun and I don't regret the $390 tab (per person).  I'm somewhere in between the folks who had food orgasms with every bite and folks who felt a little disappointed.  70% of everything we ate was exceptional.  What wasn't is a matter of personal taste and could easily be managed in a couple of ways.  Note that you do receive an evening's menu at the beginning of the meal--you can flag anything that doesn't sound good and more important can ask for particular dishes.  I recommend doing this.  
We asked to be surprised and this can go two ways depending on the restaurant, you can get something that's totally 'out of the box' or you might get something that many people aren't choosing on a particular night and the kitchen wants to push it out.  For our main protein, I ended up w. goat and it was way too smoky, maybe even a slight error in the execution, hard to say.  It was a but unpleasant, could have used another flavor or two to offset the smoke.  My friend had a small, very thin ribeye and thought there was so much sauce that it overwhelmed the meat.  Best practice would have been for us to send both dishes back and I'm certain the kitchen would have replaced them with something more appealing to us.  I realized this after the fact.  The pasta w. wild boar was gamey to me-but what did I expect. A boar wanders around the forest, getting in fights, snorting and eating bark--it's gonna taste gamey.  My friend traded dishes and he liked the boar.  
Desserts were excellent, but a small plate of tiny cookies afterward was a head scratcher, not particularly tasty or fresh. 
We chose the more expensive wine pairing and this was a highlight.  All of the wines were well matched to the food and the sommelier gives a basic history of how the wine was produced and what to expect when tasting, After the first two courses, I asked for no more white wine and they accommodated. The descriptions get a bit silly after awhile, "This next wine is from grapes hand picked by Armenian/Swedish nuns in the South of Italy and then rolled across limestone for seventy four days, then dragged up the mountainside by children with severe overbites" They honestly could have been making half of it up and I would not have known any better.  I circled two of the reds when we received our copies of the menu and wines at the end of the night and will order a bottle of each from a distributor--really striking and unusual. 
I'd like to see more vegetables on the menu which seem to disappear after the first appetizer.  This would add more texture to the dishes and some more interesting flavors.  Noticed that there's one sauce made of brown butter that showed up at least three times, maybe a bit of overkill.  While mostly absolutely delicious, and perfectly cooked, the dishes weren't particularly complex in flavor, Vetri seems slightly dated when looking at what chefs are producing these days.  The restaurant is still totally on top of its game in all respects, I just see slight room for improvement/updating w. some minor tweaks.  
With all that said, there were many, many, amazing bites that made our mouths pop.  The service is super friendly and professional.  It's surprisingly not an uptight place at all.  
Three hours passed quickly and I'll gladly go back.  It's a trip to an amazing food spa w. lots of butter!My husband and I have been going to Vetri every year for his birthday since 2005. It continues to prove itself with exceptional food, service, and experiments in fine Italian cuisine that are just out of this world. If you can go for the tasting menu, do it. It gives you an incredible sampling of what Marc Vetri and his kitchen staff have to offer. The service is polite, professional, and always accommodating with special requests. The wine paring is also great, but will leave you heavily intoxicated as well as leaving your wallet in an even more empty state.
Vetri is not cheap. So if you're on a budget, save it for a special occasion. It's well worth it. Reservations can be hard to get, so call ahead at least a few weeks for a weekend. They start taking reservations 2 months in advance.
For a more budget-friendly option, Vetri's 2nd location, Osteria, is also amazing. And, yes, I am happily hopping on the Marc Vetri bandwagon. Not only is he incredibly talented, but really nice too.
Final thoughts...
the spinach gnocchi = absolute heavenWent for desert after a concert so it is difficult to judge the quality. We really liked the service and they were very and helpful.
It was late at niht and I really liked how subtle the place was. I wouldn't have thought that a really good italian restaurant would be hiding like this, looking as though it was just another apartment.
We all had a good glass of wine, and the deserts were good but not mind blowing like I read in other reviews. Perhaps the kitchen was just tired.Food, service, and everything were all superb. I'd give six stars if that were possible. 
The tasting menu tonight:
An appetizer plate with Foie Gras, Burrata, and Smoked Sausage
Various fresh breads
Prosciutto Cotto 
Hamachi Crudo
Squid & Artichoke Galette
Swiss Chard Gnocchi with Brown Butter
Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce
Ramp Ravioli with Ricotta and Lemon
Fettuccine with Morel Mushroom Rafi
Salt Meadow Lamb with Artichokes
Chocolate Polenta SouffléEasily the best meal I have ever had.  Each course was phenomenal in its own unique way, flowing perfectly from dish to dish.  The meal slowly builds to a rich, decadent pasta course.  The spinach gnocchi is a pasta dish I will never forget.  Just when my wife and I felt our palates were overwhelmed, the next understated pasta dish was the perfect answer.  Chestnut Fettucine with Wild Boar Ragu was perfection.  The meat course was brilliant, a pairing of Goat with Polenta and Braised Lamb with Mint.  The two institutions of this menu are the Sweet Onion Crepe and Pistachio Flan which are both legendary.  This is clearly a restaurant that is brilliantly run down to the microscopic details.  Every employee clearly plays an equal part in making sure that every customer has a flawless experience.  I would recommend this restaurant for a special occasion over any other in Philly.In short, Vetri Cucina is worth the hype.
It's rare to attend one of the most well-acclaimed restaurant in Philly, but when you snag that available spot on opentable, then get ready for a culinary experience that will loosen your belt and rock your socks off. Unfortunately, this review is many months post the Vetri experience, so much of my memories are piecemealed together through my photos. However, while Vetri Cucina is a tasting menu extravaganza, you should definitely consider a daytime fast for the epic amount of food that you'll be encouraged to consume in a 2-hour feasting session. Oh, did I mention the 6-dessert finisher? Just saying.
Everything at Vetri Cucina was thrilling, from the hand made pasta, to the expertly stuffed lamb sausage to the roasted duck breast. Even the olives were to dine for. 
I will say that the service felt a bit...off, only because we were served by an inconsistent number of people and the wine pairing came at odd intervals and the unclear explanations of each dish made the experience falter, but I think it was excusable overall.
Overall:
Food: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 5 starsI have been wanting to try Vetri for years. Maybe my hopes were too high, but I was a bit disappointed - especially given the $155 price tag. 
The service was excellent, particularly the wine service. 
The food, on the other hand, was uneven. The scallop and the gnocchi dishes were incredible, but the other dishes - wild boar pasta, roast, some awful bone marrow dish my friend received, and the desserts were not good enough to warrant the price tag. Moreover, I felt like each dish was heavier than the next. I wish the menu was better balanced with a few more dishes that had a lighter touch. After the scallops, it was all meat, pasta and heavy sauces. 
Finally, I was with two friends and I hated that we each received something different at each course and we had no input on who received what. I understand respectingt eh vision of the chef, but what about serving the tastes of the customers?  
I go to a lot of high end restaurants and a lot of multi course dinners. I'm not uncomfortable spending well over $150 for a meal, BUT, I also expect a meal in this price range to be amazing and I was far from amazed at Vetri. 
And I'm actually a little surprised it has done this well for so long. There are so many other great choices in Philly. I expect to pick one of me the next time I am looking for a good upscale meal in the area.Vetri is a very special place. I wanted to love it. There were four of us dining and we certainly enjoyed it. Most of what we tasted was exceptional especially the pastas. The goat was unique but not easy to eat. The lamb was extremely gamey and none of us finished it. The service was exceptional and they attended to our every need. 
One of the shortcomings of the small and cramped space is if you have a very noisy table next to you, which we unfortunately did it makes for a less pleasurable experience.
I would relish the opportunity to try the restaurant again and possibly guide the staff to alter our tastings.
People seem to complain about the price but I don't think it is outrageous for what you receive.
If you don't mind spending the money I think it is certainly worth a try!Best meal of my life.
The only complaint - which isn't even a complaint, is I was definately drunk by the end of the meal.  Each course, we had two different plates to taste and with each plate we had a glass of wine...adding up to over 7 glasses of wine.
I would go back in a heart beat.With literally hundreds  of reviews, I don't even think that I need to give Vetri my own review. I will say this: this was by far one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia or in any other city, for that matter. The service was attentive the food was impeccable and the ambience was phenomenal. My only problem with this restaurant was the price. It was a special occasion for us (our 10 year wedding anniversary), so it may be justified to spend nearly half a grand on dinner for two. That being said, this is definitely the kind of restaurant that you want to take a very special date, or celebrate a joyous moment in your life. There really isn't much point to rehashing the details of the menu since the menu continuously changes, and you barely have any control over what you can order. They have a standard tasting menu with wine pairings comes up to about $240 per person. Vetri does absolutely aim to please and surprise you, and surprise you in a very positive way. I had a multitude of different dishes probably 8 to 9 courses in total. And each and everyone of them was delicately prepared and delivered an incredible burst of flavor. Again, if you go here be prepared to Drop some serious cash but like most things in life, you get what you pay for --- and in this case it is a pretty unforgettable experience.If you're really into food and dining out, Vetri is a must. Besides earning you foodie cred, it's an opportunity for a memorable evening. A special occasion is a good excuse to go, and the staff will make a big deal out of it which will add to the charm of it all.
When you're seated, take a sip of your complementary prosecco, take a deep breath, and relax. This is a 2-hour slow-paced tasting experience. The portions are tiny, but there are a lot of them.
Look over the menu to be sure you're not going to get something you know you'll hate or miss out on something you know you'll love. But don't spend too much time on this process. Keep an open mind because you might be surprised to love something that didn't sound appealing. 
The price is steep, yes. But you're paying for quality ingredients, impeccable service, and combinations of flavors more interesting than spaghetti and jarred sauce. It's important to remember that taste is subjective, and no one can guarantee that you absolutely love every single thing. If you expect to have visions of the Virgin Mary with every bite because you're dropping $$$$, and you'll be disappointed with anything less, you might as well stay home and order a pizza. 
And if the cost scares you, do what I did and save up your loose change for a couple of years. True story.The emperor has no clothes. 4 of us on the grand tasting, the only thing grand was that it almost cost a Grand! Beige expensive food, not well prepared in a cute but cramped space. Love Osteria, hated this...
Have gladly paid and eaten in the best restaurants in the country, this is not one of them.i want to give this restaurant 5 stars, but i haven't been back in a long time since i moved out of philly a while ago... i just remember that the italian food here was so delicious.  i would say that this restaurant has the best food in philly.Maybe the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  The meal was amazing.  Get the wine pairing.  It was so worth it.A nice experience with lots of food and a very friendly staff. The food is good and you will be stuffed. There are also three bread courses. I really liked the focaccia. The kidney, snapper crudo, and almond tortellini were my favorites. The guinea hen was also very tender although a bit salty. Overall, a nice experience, but a bit pricier than it should be.Did some research before selecting Vetri...and that research paid off. My husband and I thought it was outstanding. We started off with the bagna cauda and quail as appetizers. The quail was to die for. We chose the guinea hen and a fish dish as our main course. I believe the name of the fish was Orcata - it was a white fish (similar to orange roughy)  that sat on top of thinly sliced potatoes fanned around the plate - mmmm. We were so full at the end of the meal that we had to pass on dessert. We wished we had tried the Grand Tasting Menu since we enjoyed every dish...but maybe next time.The best fine dining restaurant we have in Philadelphia, I love the art of dining out and Vetri is the place to do so.  The staff is amazing and knowledgeable and friendly.  I always do the Chef's menu with the wine pairing.  The food is spectacular.Exquisite cuisine. Expected price. Unexpected meal. 
Went there with a table of six so we did the tasting menu.  The waiter informed us that instead of each of us choosing we would be brought out a sampling of each course. While this is nice to try everything, I was served a few dishes that were good, but i was jealous of what the person next to me ended up with (eg. the foie gras pastrami, while unique, is not how i like my liver. I like it seared to perfection not cold)
A few that stood out from the pack. 
foie gras pastrami: interesting but like i said, i like mine seared and dripping with fat. not cold.
Braised Rabbit: excellent
Almond tortellini: unexpected flavor combination but out of this world
roasted goat: very very tender. again very unexpected flavor combonations
there were several fresh made pasta dishes that I lost track of but all were unreal in terms of the quality of ingredients and the freshness of the pasta
 my dessert was the donuts which were good but im a chocolate gal so was super jealous of my friend who DID get the chocolate dessert. 
I would definitely go back but perhaps order from the dinner menu rather than the tasting.The space was nice, the service was impeccable and most every course was acceptable... but it was all rather forgettable.  Decent Italian-inspired food is rather ubiquitous these days and, besides the onion crepe, nothing really transcended beyond that.  The seafood dishes were particularly uninspired.  The pasta, albeit as delicious as homemade pasta generally is, was not very creative in my opinion.  Of course, I am holding the food to a high standard because of the price point... the correlation in this regard is not sufficient for me to want to return. 
One aside- I did not expect Mr Vetri to personally greet each diner as he walked in and through the dining room to the kitchen that day, but would have hoped for more than what seemed like a quick scan of  how business was doing.Best restaurant in Philadelphia, period. Very expensive, but worth it in spades. You have never had Italian food of this excellence. Fabulous wine list as well. Book well in advanceWWOOOWWWWWWW!!!!!  This was a totally awesome dinner!  Staff were absolutely great, comfortable, friendly, informed, helpful, and a pleasure to dine around.  Constant smiles were clearly very genuine, and the small dining space is intimate and nicely designed.
What did we eat?  With our "scores" on a 0-100 basis, this -
ANTIPASTI
Smoked Sturgeon with Peas & Crème Fraîche - 80/100
Sweet Onion Crepe with Truffle Fondue - 95/100
Tempeh Fried Catfish - 90/100
Spring Salad - 85/10 (I dislike the platter it is served on, made it difficult to eat)
Braised Snails with Ramps - 100/100
PASTA
Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter 100/100
Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce - 100/100
Pappardelle with Veal & Porcini - 100/100
Fettuccine with Morels - 100/100
Taleggio Ravioli - 100/100
KUDOS on the pasta!!
SECONDI
Roasted Turbot - 100/100
Dry Aged Ribeye - 95/100
Duck with Fennel & Blackberries - 100/100
DOLCE
Chocolate Polenta Soufflé - 100/100
Taleggio & Strawberry Danish - 90/100
On averaging out our scores for all of the food we enjoyed, they come to a rating of 95.667!  We definitely recommend that diners take the wine pairing route at such fine restaurants as Vetri.  It makes a difference in a very positive way.  The wine makes the food even better, and food makes the wine better, too.
Grand Wine Pairing for Chef's Tasting Meal ($135/person)
Noussann, Blanc du Tzante 2014 from the Valle d'Aosta, Italy (with sturgeon)
E. Pira d Figli, Dolcetta d'Alba 2014 from Piemonte, Italy (with onion crepe)
Vai della Corti, Chianti Classico 2013 from Tuscana, Italy (with spinach gnocchi)
Jacques Charlet, Pouilly-Fuissé 2012 "Les Vieux Murs," Burgundy, France (with tortellini)
Dalzocchio, Pinot Nero 2010, Tentino, Italy (with fettuccine) [better known as pinot noir]
Olga Raffault, Chinon 2011 "Les Picasses," Loire, France (with pappardelle)
Antoniolo, Gattinara 2010 "Le Castelle," Piemonte, Italy
Nanni Copé, Terre del Volturno 2012 "Sassi de Sopra de Bosco," Campania, Italy (with ribeye)
Cantina del Valdarno, Vin Santo del Chianti 2007 "La Treggiaia," Toscana, Italy (with desserts)
We also had a custom-selected dessert accompanying wine:
Silvio Carta Vernaccia Valle del Tirso IGT (NV), Sardinia, ItalySo we spent $600.. No big deal. We just moved to Philly from Manhattan... We were expecting the best of the best... Oh boy were we surprised.... If you love salt this is your jam... 4 out of the 12 dishes served were so salty we had a problem swallowing them. If you love bones and love the excuse from the waiter when telling them we found a bone that "well it's a very boney dish" if you can let that fly then great for you... The service was great though and the wine was flowing ... But the food not so much.. Wish it was a better experience and maybe we will try it again when we leave Philly..The food is beautifully prepared. The atmosphereis cozy and the service is impeccable. I really enjoyed this meal. 
This is one of the best restaurants in the city, and I can see why. I guess I just wanted to feel that the food was also some of the best that I have ever eaten. It just wasn't. I wanted to give the restaurant 3 stars because of the massive amount of disappointment that I experienced  from this highly anticipated meal. That would have been inaccurate though. It was, for all intent and purpose, a wonderful meal. The food didn't live up though. Sorry, if you think my opinion is somehow in question because I did not fall in love, but I can't help it. My tongue knows what it likes. It's a pretty close relationship so I do trust it.
I would like to go back, but the cost was quite high for the return. I love spending money on a good meal, but the food has to be first for me.We went here for our wedding anniversary. With the price being what it is, I had very high expectations--they were all exceeded. From the spritzer you get when you walk into the room to the to-go bag you get when you leave, the experience, and most importantly the food, was out of this world. 
The portions are generous and there are numerous courses so make sure you're ready to truly indulge. Don't skimp for the sake of your waistline because that would be missing the point. Definitely get the prosciutto plate--they shave it in the dining room (we were seated right next to it!) and the pillowy rich course is beyond compare. All of the pasta is delicious--let them guide you in the selection because you can't go wrong.
We did the half glass wine tasting. If we go back, we'll likely try to split a full wine tasting because it was a bit more wine than these two light-weights can handle on a Monday night.
Save this lovely experience for celebration that can live up to the magic and indulgence of Vetri.We had my husband's birthday dinner here last week -- and it was truly a special dining experience. We chose the grand tasting menu. The presentation was lovely, the service high-end, and each course was delicious and extremely impressive! If I were to go back and just order from the menu, I would probably select the spinach gnocchi and the turbo fillet. Even so, there were a number of menu items that were equally fantastic. 
We also agree that the sommelier was very knowledgeable and helpful. He helped us select a wonderful wine that was perfect for the tasting menu. Dessert was delightful, too. Overall, it was a great dining experience and we would definitely return! (We splurged a bit, since it was a special birthday dinner, so we were not too surprised with the bill at the end of the meal....but prepare yourself).Small, intimate, delicious and warm. Vetri serves the perfect portion, with great service and even though you are in close sitting proximity with other parties you don't know, it doesn't really matter. I came here for a friend's birthday dinner and have been wanting to go back since. You should def give this place a shot.In the last ten years, the Philadelphia dining scene has truly stepped up its game, so, even though Vetri is (or was) in the upper echelon of dining experiences, it now has serious competitors that provide gourmet tasting menus but at much, much more digestible price.
Unless you're flush with mucho dineiro, this place is a once-every-few-years-special-occasion kind of restaurant. Regardless of how perfect a dining experience is, it's always a little painful to fork out over $600 (with tip) for a meal for two. Go with someone you love (or someone else that will pick up the tab, unless that's one and the same) who is not a picky eater (aside: is there anything worse than a picky eater?) and that has a real appreciation for vino.
When you go here, you have to go all out.  Since you're shelling it out already, you might as well go full steam ahead.  Go for the Grand tasting menu with the grand wine pairings that will seriously blow your mind.  To be honest, I almost enjoyed the wine more than I did the food (more on that, later).  The staff here are so well-versed in their wine selections, it was a pleasure to hear them describe each pairing with detail and authority.  Once you are able to marry both that wine and the food, you know you have arrived.
The highlights, are, of course as everyone says, the pasta.  Rich, but light, earthy, fresh, buttery, and oh so succulent.  It takes everything in your body and good upbringing to restrain yourself from scarfing it down in two bites (although the portions are just that, two to three bites worth - or five to six conservative bites).
Everything here is well-conceived, perfectly executed and beautifully presented.  The staff is a dream.  Everything from the amuse-bouche, to the meal procession, wine service, pre-dessert, dessert and send-off is effortless and lovely.  And for that price tag, it should be.
This meal never had a low point for me, the preparation, taste and execution was consistent, right down to the fudge they send home with you.  The truly high point of the meal, are the Grand wine pairings.  Simply put: out of this world.   Maybe, that is the true test of master chef, a menu where the food and wine dance impeccably together and bring the best out of each other.  However, there were times where the wine clearly outshone the food, both in complexity and depth - and I often wanted more of the wine than I did of the food -- and I cannot believe that's the intended reaction a chef would like me to have (putting my obvious love of wine, aside, I do love food more).
So including that, the other things which are holding me back from awarding Vetri the full five stars that it definitely deserves in the grand scheme of Philadelphia restaurants are that for starters-  at the price point that Vetri charges, I would have appreciated a couple extra courses, and perhaps a palate cleanser half-way through the meal would have been nice as well.  I had no problem with the portion sizes or the duration of the dinner, but when pre-dessert came, I was not ready for the meal to be over.  I thought I deserved and paid for just a little more.  Also, as I noted in the beginning, in a town where gourmet eateries of Vetri's caliber are offering similar fare but at a more affordable cost, shouldn't Vetri strive to offer more or offer what they have to cost a little less?  My two cents.
Either way, a worthy Philly dining experience.  Warm up your credit card (or two).Vetri has been on my list for a while, so for NYE, I scored a reservation and I was absolutely wowed! The staff was just fabulous; from the greeter to the servers, Vetri ran like a well oiled machine. After being in business for so many years, I guess they have had a lot of practice and they definitely do it right. I arrived about 15 minutes prior to my reservation and was offered a glass of Prosecco while I waited for my table. Very nice touch!
I love the quaintness of Vetri. The decor is simple, yet timeless and very warm and inviting. I have dined at many restaurants where a tasting menu is offered I think Vetri is a great deal. The price point is extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive. 
The menu has so many fantastic options and I pretty much had the opportunity to try all of the dishes on my wish list. I so wanted the salt baked branzino, especially after viewing the presentation at the table next to me, but you have to at least have a party of 2 as it is the whole fish that they fillet for you. So, what did I have?
First off, their house bread is so good, I wish they would sell it by the loaf. 
Antipasti: tuna crudo, sweet onion crepe w/truffle fondue, foie gras, langoustine w/foriana
Secondi: Duck with chicory
Pasta: Swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter, almond tortellini w/truffle sauce, tajarin w/king crab and caviar
Dessert: pistachio flan...not to be confused with traditional flan. Vetri's take on this classic dish was divine!! Totally out of the box from the norm.Expensive but worth it for a special occasion. The complimentary glass of asti was a wonderful touch. Didnt eat all day in preparation for this and was not dissappointed. The homemade pastas were the star of the show, would go every week if I could afford it :)One of the most memorable dining experiences I've ever had. Service was impeccable, every course was delicious. There's honestly not one bad thing I can say about Vetri. It was worth every penny.Wow.  This is definitely the type of place you save the 5 star review for, and it completely lived up to our expectations.  Each course (between the two of us, we tried 12+) was delectable, the wines were all delicious, and the service gracious and personable.  It was so cozy and pleasant we kept requesting after dinner drinks so we wouldn't have to leave.  Okay, so that really means that we just asked for a cup of tea after our coffee, but you get the point.  Onion/cheese crepe, almond tortellini, duck ravioli, sweetbreads et cetera.  Each bite tasty.   We were relieved when we were done with dessert, because we wouldn't have been able to eat more, but we wouldn't have been able to resist, either.  Definitely THE place to go to celebrate a really special occasion.This place is great! I took my clients there on a weekday in the evening without hesitation. when you have a crowd that truly needs impressing, this place is top notch. Since moving from NYC, I'm curating a list of must go to. Add this to yours it won't disappoint.Omg amazing!! We are foodies from California and self proclaimed wine fanatics and this meal was impressive. Very impressive. Yes I had to make reservations 3 months in advance for this date and time (so glad I did as I'm her just for 2 nights). So worth it. Exceptional service. Amazing wine parings and the food was F***ing fantastic. I don't mean to be vulgar but I can't help it. 
The "storefront" was so cute. If you blinked you missed it. The inside was super pleasant. The only drawback was they must have recipients waxed/polished their floors as my high healed shoes provided no traction when I "skated" to the bathroom. Kind of embarrassed but yet sooo didn't care because the food and service was THAT GOOD. Ladies just keep this in mind if you recently had your red bottoms rehealed as you'll be skating to the bathroom.....so not elegantly. LolA fun experience that can be a bit drawn out. Love that you tell them your dislikes and likes and dont have to worry about the rest. So many courses that we left full. Not an everyday dinner, but very pleasant for special occasions. Did not feel too foo foo. The food was delicious, a bit on the more adventurous side, but very tasty. We had a pear sorbet and it was very very sweet. The least favorite of the night.I do not know how I overlooked Vetri for four years while going to school in Philadelphia. On a recent trip back (this past Thursday) to Philly I decided to check out Vetri after reading reviews in GQ and the New York Times. I was not disappointed. My meal blew me away. 
The local farmer vegetable soup was good. The foie gras pastrami with fruit mustard was excellent. This dish is served cold along with artisan bread on the plate and the fruit mustard was basically a black raspberry preserve that perfectly complemented the pastrami of foie gras and herbs. 
Having the option of ordering a half portion of pasta allowed me to sample the fettuccine with octopus bolognese. This dish was very good and very light. For my own personal taste the dish was slightly over seasoned. I still enjoyed the dish and would order it again. 
The baby goat with polenta was very simple, yet very elegant. The dish consisted of only the goat and its crispy skin and two ribs served over polenta. This dish was extremely good. It may seem boring but the simplicity is what makes the dish top notch. 
Spinach gnocchi was very rich and very good. I could see how someone would not be able to finish this dish alone because of the richness. I've never had gnocchi so light in texture before, they were great. 
The Tuscan white and focaccia bread with olive oil and olives was available throughout the meal. 
For desert the blueberry doughnuts with blueberry gelato and stone fruit tart with almond gelato did not disappoint. The only complaint I can make is very minor; the blueberry gelato was a little too cold. 
Vetri also has a very affordable wine list with bottles as low as $35. 
Vetri turned out to be one of the best, maybe the best, food experiences I've had in Philadelphia. It will be the first place I go to on my next trip back to Philly.Wow. Just wow. From the service, to the wine knowledge from the sommeliers, to the well cooked plates from the talented chefs, a 14 course meal does it justice. It's is a very low key place with jazz music ambiance. You need a reservation and be prepared to spend a pretty dime. My boyfriend bday I went with a nice appetite and left pretty full and satisfied with it all. The end with the delicious desserts as phenomenal and pleasing to the pallet and taste buds. They give you a menu of food and desserts options that might come out but if you notice something you like and must be out you can choose it. Also, you have a choice to select the upgrade to try a glass of wine with every plate that comes out to compliment the food. 
All and all I give it a great review.A great place to wine and dine with friends! We went on weeknights after work. Pricey food that's worth every penny. They get busy, but service is very good and consistent.Honestly, I was somewhat nervous about going to Vetri.  "Best Italian Restaurant in America" is pretty hefty praise, and most of the time I hear something of that nature I end up leaving the experience thinking it was overhyped, for lack of a better term.
But believe the Vetri hype.  The food is phenomenal, the prix fix dining experience is excellent - a glass of prosecco to start your meal, a couple cookies and a menu in a souvenier bag when you leave - and the selection of Italian craft beers is excellent.  That's all I have to say.  
It's certainly expensive, but if you think there's any dinner for two out there that's worth $400, Vetri is it.