I've only been here prior to Phillies evening games. For that, it's near-perfect...good food fast (burgers, nachos, pastrami reuben, pretzels and chicken fingers sampled in recent weeks) and great Victory brews on tap. I prefer the IPAs (Dirt Wolf, especially), but you'll find something within your beer type comfort zone.  My only ding is because it's loud and a bit frat-ish...but, hey, that comes with the whole "sport zone" territory. The servers have been great. Most recently, Kayleen at the bar did a great job keeping the beers full (in glasses!), and she never lost track of us despite being incredibly busy.  The positive impact of an excellent server should never be underestimated...great experience with that so far.This is a pretty cool spot. It's in the XFinity Live Center which is smack in the middle of all the stadiums. Great for before, after, or instead of a game.
It had a bit of a Celtic feel to it. It was faded looking wooden tables, some very long in the middle, with a few shorter ones around the edges.
Victory touts quite a selection of beers on tap too, better than anything else I saw in the Center.
They also have some decent food options. I got a Philly Dog, a pretty thick hot dog with chili topped on it. I also got some fries, with some Old Bay Seasoning added by request. My hot dog also came with chips, which had me doubling up on potatoes.
It was all good. The service was great, as was the atmosphere.Despite my less than stellar rating, I'm grateful for Victory Beer Hall, and the other options at XFinity Live, because ballpark options are fairly narrow.
That said, BF & I came here before a Tuesday night game. The place was slow--which was fine by me--but I didn't experience the bro crowd others describe. Our server was great: attentive without hovering, great timing, and she knew the menu, offering her honest opinions.
The beer selection is obviously good. The mussels we ordered were flavorful, but between our 2 orders, we had a quantity of unopened ones that equaled one of the portions (twenty-something unopened mussels). When we brought it to the manager's attention, he awkwardly tried to convince us first that the plasticware makes it difficult to open the mussels (wha?), and then that unopened mussels are still ok to eat. That statement might work in other regions, but amongst a shore population, the one thing we know is that mussels that haven't opened are best left uneaten. He ultimately took one of the orders off the bill, which was both appreciated and justified, but why such hesitation in the first place?
The music was good that night and the server was great. It wouldn't be unheard of for me to come back, but I'll most likely navigate to other areas of the menu.Super overpriced but it gets stars for being close to the stadium and having a fun atmosphereStopped In here before the game and got a nacho appetizer. I was thinking it would be a good quality food and better than the nachos inside the stadium. Nope, It was just nachos and nachos cheese. Nachos isn't hard to make and I was pretty disappointedThe customer service here is absolutely awful. The house band is terrible. It is crowded and the people who come out this bar are disgusting. On the night I decided to go, the bartenders decided to over charge my card. I left my card there and they would not give it back to me or show me a receipt for the charges. This company honestly would not give me back my own credit card, after showing them ID, because they lost it. They also do not answer the phone during regular business hours. Do not waste your time at this over crowded, over rated, sports bar. PS this is in no way a reflection of Victory Brewing Company, they do not own this bar. This bar is just ripping them off.Worst bar food I've ever had in my life! Would never go back except maybe for beer at the bar because the bench seats and tables are super sticky. Tried the shrimp, nachos, chicken caprese sandwich, salad, roasted pork sandwich, fries - all just tasted bland, not fresh, and almost inedible. And not cheap either! Not worth the time or money for food. Just stick to the beer! Service was pleasant.My wife and I ran the Phillies 5K today, and decided to check out Xfinity Live after the run with some friends.  We were told by the stafff at the NBC Sports Arena that the resuaurants would be opening at 11am.  We put our name in for 4 at the Victory Beer hall, and were told the wait would be 35 minutes.  Gave cell phone # and got a text that our table was ready about 45 minutes later.  Place was packed due to other runners and Flyers fans who were there for a 1pm game.
Food Overall -- eh.  Needs some work.  The appetizer sampler was just plain sad.  $16 for 6 tiny slices of fried pickle, 6 slices of sausage and 2 soft pretzel braids.  20 bites for $16 is not acceptable in our book.  3 of us ordered sausage sandwiches - they were decent and the BBQ chips were tasty ($6-$10).   Spicy mustard on the table was good.
Beers ranged from $6-$7.  Service was good, except the app came out after the food (HATE that).  Live music was loud, with performers siging while standing on tables (clean table concern?).  Shot-Skis came out a few times while we were there - free drinks are always good.
Overall will be back - not for the food unless they step it up, but the scene was fun.This was a so-so experience. Beers were good, but food was sub par.  Frozen shrimp and processed cheese on nachos.  Waitress service was good. Manager was a real jerk.  Accused us of letting our 18 year old drink when it never happened.  Ruined what was an otherwise good experience.  Not a good family experience.I got to check this place out during the pre opening night before the springsteen concert. We had to wait about 45 mins for a table for a large group which is understandable.  The beer selection was great - a ton of victory beers most of which you never see at bars in the area other than hop devil, pils etc. 
The food - dear god it is WAY over priced. The sampler was about $16 and consisted of 2 soft pretzel sticks, some slicing fried pickles and 1 sliced brat. I was shocked how much they were charging especially considering how cheap food is at the actual Victory brewery. The majority of the menu was made up of various brats. Which came  in a roll with sauerkraut on top and cost about $9-$11 again insanely overpriced. 
Also the place can definitely do without the servers yelling the ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oi oi oi  chants every 5 mins.
Great place for grabbing beer - food not so much.A great selection but it never seems overly busy.  This could be a great beer garden but there's just something missing.  I have not tried the food, so I can't comment on that.  The staff is friendly and if you love Victory beer than it may be right for you.I give this one star because I really likeVictory beer. But the food stinks and the service sucks. 
I understand that Victory does not operate this place. I did tell Victory management that they harm their brand by having their name on this place. The Victory brew pub in Dowingtown is great. This place is notI was in town on a road trip with the in-laws from Canada, and I wanted to give them an Eagles experience without shelling out an arm and a leg for tickets. I booked a few tables here on a homegame day.  All in all, it was a great experience! 
One of the managers, Kelly, was super helpful, finding us a great table to suit our needs. And our waitress was super attentive and friendly. Their beer is great and food was decent bar food, but you go there for the fun and atmosphere, which is what we had!This place gets two stars because it has the best beer selection in the entire building. Now with that said, the food sucks just like every other place in the building. My coworkers and I walked into Victory as we were on the hour wait list for PBR. The peel and eat shrimp was dry, and ridiculously covered in Old Bay seasoning; which would have been ok if the shrimp was not so damn dry. I was dunking those crustaceans in the cocktail sauce for dear life. I tried one of the fried pickles my friend ordered, I won't be ordering those on my dime. Our waitress was pretty damn cool and really at the top of game for a place being so busy before the game.Out of all of the venues that I have been to, I think that Victory may be the best place to come with a group of friends to catch a game. A few of the guys and I came by for the Phils game a few weeks ago and it was a great getting to watch the game on the projector while getting to enjoy the wide array of craft beers that are on tap.Great beer, consistently bad food. My $8 fries were reheated (I assume) and soggy. The boneless wings were rubbery,  kept checking to make sure it wasn't tofu. The menu looked different this year so we thought we would give it a shot,  never again:(I'm sure I'm expected to hate this spot. It's a bro-fest, some will complain. The staff isn't well enough versed on the beer, others will lament. 
But the food is solid enough for a sports bar, whether you choose the chili cheese fries, buffalo chicken wrap or one of the brats, you'll do fine. And of course there's the beer. A dozen or so of Victory's best (Baltic Thunder, Yakima Glory, Ranch R and Hop Wallop tasting just as fresh as the Downingtown brewery's tasting room. And that's reason enough to make me happy. Prost!The atmosphere and service were great at first, but then all of a sudden the music was turned up way too loud. The pretzels were warm and delicious. Cheese was yummy, but the mustard was really bland. Also had the fish tacos; they were cold and bland. Fries were also cold and limp.Victory is a great place to see live music when visiting Xfinity. They consistently have live bands that play great cover songs. The dance area is small but most people turn the wooden tables into a dance floor. Beware of drunks dancing and falling off tables! There are also a few arcade games and photo booths to add to the fun. 
Like other bars at Xfinity, Victory offers great deals for birthdays and bachelorette parties. If a certain number of people are in your party the host gets to drink for free and may even get a bottle of free champagne! 
If you want to get away from the music sneak out the back door to the outdoor fire pit. It is one of the few quiet places you will find in Xfinity.Lots of seating. Big TV. Fantastic nachos. Fantastic cheese fries.
Not great service. Not great beer.
The beer probably just isn't my style, very bitter and dry. I'm sure a lot of people would like it.Very cool spot. I'd consider myself to be a big beer geek so I was excited for the visit. Mostly all the taps were victory beers so that's always a plus. A lot of seating as well to watch the games on the various amount of tvs in the place. Saw arcade games so that's a plus too. Great place to watch some sports with your friends5 stars because I am sitting outside the stadium at the Victory Beer Hall, feeling the excitement of the Army Navy game! Boooh rah!  Go Navy!
Great draft beer selection, bar food, 70 degrees out!  Cant beat it!If what you want is a raucus sports bar this is probably a great place. The problem is the Wells Fargo Center schedules a lot of events not remotely connected to sports games. But this and the other X-finity Center restaurants are the only thing close enough to Wells Fargo if you want to have a drink and/or meal with friends before the show. 
Another problem was we had a fairly large group of people and I couldn't get anyone to return a phone call or e-mail to answer my questions about accommodating us. I finally had to call X-finity management to make it happen. And then after everything was all set up they changed the rules on us the day before and shifted us to a different set up from the one we were promised. 
I wish the restaurants at X-finity could do a bit better job of switching out of sports mode for a music event.I was very happy to stumble upon this place. I had never been to Xfinity Live and I was thrilled to see the Victory logo as I walked up. I didn't get a chance to eat but I will be back soon. Beer prices are good compared to the ball park. 6 dollar Hop Devil drafts work for me. They also have sampling options so you can try all their beers. They do growler fills but 25$ for the Victory growler, empty, is pretty steep so I suggest bringing your own.Came here after getting some drinks at the main xfinity bar. It's a cool little spot with a few arcade machines inside. It's mostly fighting games with an old school Blitz machine as well. We only got 2 drinks here but the bartender was very friendly and it was all in all a good time. I'd definitely come back again to get a more thorough experience. It seems like it's a fun place to be when the bar is packedI had the Brisket Burger and a Golden Monkey when I was there. The burger was good but the brisket on there was amazing. We also ordered a Hurricane Fish Bowl later on to share. It tasted okay however, I don't think it was worth the 35 dollar price tag. It seemed to have a lot of ice which in turn watered it down.When to this establishment prior to a Sixers' game. The food was moderately priced, the atmosphere was casual and the menu consisted of your typical bar food. We ordered pretty much everything on the appetizer menu and more. While we enjoyed the food (I especially enjoyed the freshness of my chicken sandwich), some of the drinks were a little inconsistent (too weak or too strong). The crowd favorite seem to have been the 84 ounce Fish bowl drinks. Overall it was a great time amongst coworkers with fast and efficient service. I would definitely come back, but only if I were going to the game.If you're looking for a chill spot to hang out before an event at the sporting complex and happen to LOVE Victory beer, this is the place for you! The food is mediocre bar food, but that's not why you're at Victory, right? Swing by for a generally fun atmosphere and stay because you had too many Golden Monkeys.The obvious pro for Victory Beer Hall is that they serve a plethora of Victory beers. The obvious con is that it's located in Xfinity Live. Being able to sip some of Victory's finest does help ease that pain. 
Aside from the beer itself being good, the food and drink are overpriced. Well, perhaps not overpriced for Xfinity Live standards, but overpriced for actual market standards. $14 for nachos. Yikes. The chicken nachos did the trick of providing sustenance, but otherwise fell flat. 
Of course during game days, it's a packed house. For what it's worth, the bartenders did a decent job of getting to everyone. That could have been far worse. 
I wouldn't seek out Victory Beer Hall on its own, but I'm giving it a three for being an okay offering within the whole scheme of Xfinity Live.
Pro tip: go for the gold(en monkey).I understand this place gets busy as hell when there are events going on, so I wasn't expecting great service. Figured the easy menu items would be hard to mess up.
I've been to Victory Brewpub, and would return again if I was in the area. Good beer, food was decent. However, the food here was NOT good, not comparable at all. And my stomach has been in knots ever since. 
Service was very slow. We sat at a table outside after checking in with the host. A server never came over so we moved to the bar. Service continued to be slow, but bought us a round of drinks to make up for the mix-up with our food order, and the miscommunication between the kitchen- front of house staff on 86'ed items. 
I would come here again to drink, and pass on the food.First time here. I had been to Broad St Bullies in XfinityLive, but decided to try a new place.
It was super clean and not as loud as the other places at Xfinity Live.
Got some good beer in a nice spot to watch some basketball. It wasn't too packed on a Friday night.
Ordered a burger, which ended up to be really good and was cooked well. It came with chips that were good (this must be a thing there since Broad St Bullies does the same thing).
Overall good, I would go here again solely based on the fact that it seems uncrowded even when there is a crowd and the volume is not crazy loud so you can actually talk to one-another.A nice place to see a game,good beer,hot waitresses.The food was typically poor like every other bar.If you want a good meal this is not it.I had a buffalo wrap that was as dry as a camel's ass.WORST WAITRESS EVER. She couldn't even get a basic drink order correct. I ordered a Mt. Dew without ice, she brought me a Sprite with ice. No biggie, it was busy. I just asked for something different because she told me that the drink she brought out was labeled as Mt. Dew in the back, so I asked for a Coke with no ice, she snapped and said you mean Pepsi? Well, yes I did but it's a simple mix up and there's no need for attitude. She brings out the Pepsi and it has ice. Whatever, like I said it was busy and she obviously didn't like me. 
Also my friend ordered an appetizer and after waiting 45 mins, he inquired about it and she said (with attitude) it'll be out in a few minutes. His APPETIZER came out with everyone else's ENTREES. WOW, really? Plus, she offered no apology about that. 
These two examples may have been excusable if she hadn't given us attitude or if she offered an apology for her mistakes. Therefore I won't be returning to this establishment.Great service. Wings were good. Beer excellent.   Went to both bars and each bartender went above and beyond.I loved the atmosphere and beer at Victory Beer Hall. Staff were very friendly and quick. We went to a hockey game and hit this bar first. We enjoyed it so much that we never left the bar to check out the other ones.! Beer selection was great. They have their own beer on tap(many varieties) and also other beer. We didn't order food so I can't say how the food  was. We returned to the bar after the hockey game and danced on top of the tables while the DJ played a bunch of awesome dance songs !!
I would recommend this place if you love beer and a fun atmosphere. My friend and I enjoyed looking at all of the cute men there as well. I will definitely return in the future !Ugh customer service here is lame! Never have I ever had a table here even though I put my name in hours before! I understand it's busy blah blah blah, but don't tell me it's gonna be an hour, send me a text notification it'll be an hour, and then after 2 hours I hear nothing! Don't make false promises, there's nothing worse waiting around thinking you're getting a table, but after waiting excessively, nothing happens.Room for improvement.
Good: brisket (the meat), fries, drinks (we all know their beer is good, but i had the option of a sugar fee rockstar?, nice!) live music! Service. Atmosphere and theme.
Bad: platter sides a bit dry (corn on the cob and baked beans).
My experience was on a sunday afternoon event where everyone came out to see the flyers practice for free. The place was not full or too busy. There were kids all over the place outside.
The band, had skills but the singer has to go; she can hit some big girl notes but basically needs to curb it. The band was also too loud for the general crowd. You can see that they brought their own groupies but as a person on the outside, we all agree (folks not with the band) it was loud with poor vocals.
Verdict: The brisket was good and the sides were subpar. I'd say this place can pick up the loose ends quite easily. But i give 3 stars based on value and experience. Cringing sound paired with a 15 dollar so so plate. I will return some other time in hopes to give more stars.Victory beer hall is my go-to spot at xfinity live. They generally have the best beer selection, featuring at least a dozen victory beers and usually another dozen from various breweries. You can find some rarer seasonals on tap. The outdoor portion is a great place to hang out, especially in the winter near the fire pits. They have live music on occasion which is usually decent. Their food is comfort level at best, but pales in comparison to the quality of food found at their brew pubs outside the city. Worth going to if you're in the area, but not worth the trip down from center city alone. The pricing is a bit more than I'd like to pay, and in the weekends, the entire complex sometimes have a cover ($20) last time I went, which is absurd and completely not worth it.This is the best bar at Xfinity Live. It has the best craft beers and they have good beers that aren't on the Victory label. My personal favorite are Victory Whirlwind which would be similar to Blue Moon and Victory Golden Monkey. The layout of the place is similar to a German beer hall and they have a nice fire pit area outside. They also have games outside like beer pong, foosbol and cornhole so there is always something interesting and fun to do there. On the weekends they have pretty good cover bands and people are dancing on the tables. Other places at Xfinity can get kinda of trashy but Victory has always been a fun spot.I went here with an old friend having been to the Victory brewery in Downingtown a number of times and been very pleased there. We went on an off night, were seated quickly and got our beers fast. We chose the appetizer sampler, which at $16 was the most expensive I had ever encountered. Unfortunately, it was terrible - the size of a small dinner plate, and had three buffalo chicken strips, two pretzels, and a couple of pigs in a blanket. I ordered chicken wurst. Came out, was super small, about food cart quality, and included a handful of waferlike chips for nine bucks. Really, truly pathetic. I've had better food out of a microwave. Lots of bars in Philly have more than a few victory brews on tap. They're obviously not in the sports complex, but at the same time I do not see the point. It sucks, it's a completely lazy operation, and doesn't do the victory brand justice.I went into this place with low expectations and yet I still came out disappointed.  
We arrived here about an hour before the Phillies game and the restaurant was only half full, so we thought we could squeeze in a meal before the game.  Wrong.  It took over 15 minutes for a waitress to even approach our table.  We already knew what we wanted to eat, but we didn't know what they had on draft, so we asked our server.  She could barely name six beers and at one point even said, "We have a...I forget the name of it...it's a wheat beer."  The food was okay, but it didn't come out as quickly as we were hoping.  I'm convinced our waitress died after this point because WE NEVER SAW HER AGAIN (and no, I'm not exaggerating).  We had to get up during our meal to refill our own drinks and she never gave us silverware/napkins, so we had to go on our hunt for those.  When we finished, we waited around for another 15 minutes before we finally flagged down a completely different waitress and asked for our check.  She apologized profusely that our service had been so terrible, but the damage had already been done.
I could understand if we had this kind of experience with a jam-packed restaurant, but it clearly wasn't that busy.  I won't be back to Victory Beer Hall for food and I would recommend trying out another restaurant in the Xfinity Live Center before you step foot in here.Great TVs to watch the game on and not too packed for Phillies games! All Victory beers, which is a nice change from the usual.
I got the boneless buffalo wings and my friend got waffle fries, both delish! Their Lager is nice and light, good choice for me!This is a good addition to a visit to the stadiums. Food is okay, really bar food in style. Opportunity to drink big steins of Victory beer is a great idea!
The seating is long bench tables, smash with your neighbors, but service is confused, I'm sure it's difficult for them to know who is new and not.
How could it be better? Make it like a real beer garden, have the staff know the beers, come around and make it fun. Staff was half asleep...You just didn't do it for me Victory.  I really wanted to like you.  I walked in thinking, "ok this is going to be fun, a bunch of Victory brews all in one place and near the stadium"  Sadly, I left disappointed and during our meal, we were left to fend for ourselves by a waitress who must have just stepped into the æther.
Upon first arriving, we were greeted by a nice hostess and asked if we didn't mind sitting outside.  Outside is not normally my preference but it meant a faster table and quicker to a pint in my hand.  As we sat, I was able to notice the design of the outdoor space which I like very much.  There was a fire pit, a picnic table setup for beirut (beer pong) and even a couple bros playing corn-hole bro.
I'd say it was a solid 10 minutes until we even saw our waitress.  No bother really, I had plenty of time to study the menu so I could order both food and beer at the same time and expedite things.  When I inquired about the draft list, she was unfamiliar.  She asked if I was familiar with Victory and I said I was.  She said "oh well ya know, we have the wheat one and um, that like hoppy one"  I thought this was an episode of punk'd.
The food arrived and was brought by someone else which I think is typical for a high volume place.  I realized that we did not have utensils.  We tried to find our waitress but to no avail.  I ended up walking to the server station and asking a nice waitress (who seemed like she was hustling) if we could get plate settings.
Well, the trend continued downward from here.  No mid meal check.  I ended up having to go the bar myself to get water.  Finally, when we wanted our check because we were trying to get to the game, we could not find out waitress.  We waited a solid 10-15 mins but we actually saw no sign of her.  In the end, I called upon the nice waitress (same one) to settle our tab.  She ended up transferring the tab to her and I felt that she deserved a good tip because well, she was good.
So, in essence, I'm up to 2 stars just because I luckily found one waitress who cared about her job and was hustling.  I think my whole Victory experience was lackluster and I think I'll be selecting somewhere else in the Xfinity Live Center to dine next time.Service was terrible!!! Took us 15 minutes for a waitress to take drink orders and over an hour to get our food. Will never eat here again!!!I was NOT expecting much, given it was CRAZY in here right before a Phillies game...but much to our amazement a high top opened up right by the bar, we sat down, and no joke less than a minute later our waitress appeared asking for our drink order.
Our beers in REAL PINT glasses (not shitty plastic cups) were delivered almost immediately, and our appetizer order came out just as fast.  I can't say enough about the fast and friendly service.  
See ya before the next game, Victory!I love Victory beer - so it's great to have a place with so many Victory selections, including their yummy seasonal Festbier. This beer hall is huge - lots of long tables in front of the music stage and a side bar with bar seating/high tops. I really enjoy Xfinity Live as a venue for pre or post game drinks. Will definitely be back.While Xfinity Live! isn't the most attractive addition to the sea of stadiums and parking lots in South Philly, I'm happy that it now exists and contains Victory Beer Hall. It's nice to have an option other than McFaddens down at the ball park. Chris W. and I ventured in on Saturday afternoon before the Mets/Phillies game to grab a beer and a snack. The beer hall was crowded, but it was easy to order a beer and find a free spot to stand. $6 for a pint seems reasonable. After milling around for a while we were able to seat ourselves at one of the long picnic tables and order some more beer and food. We decided on the pretzels and fries. Fries were really good, way better than you are going to get in the stadium and the pretzels were tasty too. Pretzels came with a side of mustard and cheese, which was perfect for fry dunking. All in all, we had a good experience and will probably be back before more games this season.Went for dinner and a drink. It was very crowded due to the Flyers game at 7pm. Noisy with chatter and loud music. Plenty of tvs to watch various sporting events. 
Very basic food menu. The pretzels are amazing tho. $15 for the Pizza Pretzel sounds a lot but it was HUGE and smothered in cheese pepperoni and tomato sauce. Delicious. Very average sports bar with few menu options and specialty drinks. 
Cafeteria style shared seating. Friendly staff was a plus. Our pretzel took too long to arrive so manager came over and apologized and gave it to us for free.This place is located inside xfinity live it is always full of people during events and concerts. They have a great selection of domestic and imported draft and bottle beers. The prices aren't that bad, but they always have happy hour as well.Victory Beer Hall is the perfect place to enjoy food and drinks before a Phillies game. There are large television screens showing various sporting events and all customers are cheering for their favorite teams. The beer list is extensive and you can even carry your beer outside of the restaurant. Victory Beer Hall is great for drinking and cheering, but is very loud. Don't expect to have thoughtful conversations with friends.Went to the Victory Beer Hall after a Phillies game.  It's well set up, just like everything in the Xfinity Live Center.  In German beer hall style it has long benches and a stage.  When I was there a cover band was playing and everyone was singing along and dancing on the tables and benches.  It is definitely not a place to go have a quiet beer after the game.  
The beer selection is 95% Victory based.  There are a few non-victory crafts on draft.  
I give it 4 stars, only because I was recently at the Hafbrahaus in Pittsburgh which is another German Beer Hall.  Out of the two, the Hafbrahaus has the edge.  Maybe the Victory Beer Hall will mature and find its identity.  Right now I feel like it wants to be a Beer Hall but also wants to be a regular bar/club.  I think they'd be better off going the beer hall direction and stop trying to be too many things at once.The Victory Beer Hall just had its grand opening yesterday. It is located within the new Xfinity Live! entertainment center. It has beer hall style communal tables and  stand-a-lone seating. 
We decided to 'test the waters' and stopped in today for a few beers. The place was packed (Flyers game today). We were told to expect a 30 minute wait, we gave our name and cell phone #, within 5 minutes we received a text message indicating our table was ready. 
They have  flat screen TV's throughout the restaurant to watch the games. They have a music stage;  today's band was 'CrAzY In Stereo', we liked them. The sound system/speakers rock! The restaurant servers/band keep the audience entertained with shot-skis and a lot of 'Zicke, Zacke, Zicke, Zacke, Hoi, Hoi, Hoi!,'.......we just aren't a fan of the table dancing on the same area where we are eating...... what izzzzzzz  this, Coyote Ugly? The outdoor patio and fire pit area is nice, I can see drinking some brews & listening to some live music out there.
I had read on the internet that this place was being 'sponsored' by Victory Brewing company but would also be showcasing other craft beer. I could be wrong but I only spotted Victory on tap.  No problemo, we ordered some Victory lagers, we were happy.
The food menu is German inspired. We decided to start off with the 'Victory  Appetizer Sampler'. (pretzel, fried pickles & bratwurst bites). We found all (3) apps to be bland/boring. The only saving grace was the spicy mustard. (we prefer the apps at Brauhaus Schmitz ). The appetizer came out the same exact time as our main courses (this irritates the hell out of me when this happens, our server agreed but told us "this is the way they do it'?).  We also ordered the 'Skinny Turkey' sandwiches, it was good.......All in all,  I appreciate the German offerings but we would of liked to also have food options similar to the Victory menu at the Downingtown, PA location (I am curious to see what other reviewers think about that).
Our server (Oilva) was great, she kept the beers flowing. We like this place & will return. A solid 3.5 stars.Victory Beer Hall is always prepared for football (among other sports) and concert seasons with bites and beverages, and always busy with happy & angry sport fans, and/or concerts crowd.
Pro Tip: If you are there with a group, I suggest getting your hands on the perfect game/concert appetizer; Classic Nachos ($14, overpriced?!), and wash it down with the ever popular Golden Monkey. The Nachos will fill you up and won't leave you very disappointed (not great; but did the trick), and the Golden Monkey will get you "MORE" excited for your day or night. 
Three Yelps.This was my favorite bar in Xfinity Live to grab drinks in before we went to a concert at Wells Fargo Center. It has a separate bathroom and had a few arcade games. It was crowded and we still found a seat at the bar. There was also a section outside that we didn't go to. Only downside is that it wasn't open when we returned from the concert!4/23/17 was my first time at this bar inside Xfnity Live. I was here before I went to the Phillies game (Phillies beat the Braves 5-2$. Inside the bar is pretty big. I had a Corona. The staff here are nice and friendly.The best I can say about this particular section of Xfinity Live is that it is full of "ifs". 
IF you are a fan of Victory Beer and like having a wide selection of it available for a cheaper price than you will find for a craft beer inside any of the sporting arenas, then you will like this place.  
IF you don't mind the fact that the menu is very limited with not much choice, and you like bratwurst to begin with, then you will be OK with this place.  
IF you particularly enjoy sitting at picnic tables in your regular life, then you will like it here.  
IF you enjoy watching the same obnoxious cover bands week after week with drunken 20-somethings dancing badly on tables during peak times, then you won't have a problem here.  
Bottom line... don't come here for a dining experience.  However, I did think the Brat Bites were tasty despite being wildly overpriced for the amount of food that you get.  
Many of you won't like this place.  I actually do like a lot about it.  I enjoy Victory Beer, I don't mind German food, and sometimes I like being in a crowded loud place with lots of energy.  
Just go in realizing that you will have to deal with some inconveniences by simply trying to get an order of food just because the place is packed and it's not laid out for convenience by any means.  
Interesting note... the appetizer I ordered came out so quickly that I hadn't even gotten my beer from the waitress yet.  That's how busy the bar gets. It lags behind the kitchen at times.  That's a first for me.  
I wanted to try them for lunch last Friday but they were closed with no events happening in the sports complex.  They of course were open at 11am on Phillies Opening Day.  It might depend on what's going on in the complex before they open up this hall for customers day to day.  So maybe Victory won't be a random lunch destination.  Which is a shame because I'd like to try it in a more relaxed atmosphere.  But it is what it is I suppose.The only reason I even gave this a 2 is because our server was sweet, polite, and bubbly. 
Pretzels=suck. Hard as a rock
The Fish tacos = suck and for $22
The fish bowl of alcohol = suck no booze 
The best thing was the onion rings and the smile of our server. I get it bar food, fast, easy, but for the price this was absolutely some of the worst bar food I've ever had. Step up your game this is Philly this is Xfinity Live.So much potential, but it seems like they still don't know who they want to be. The German beer hall theme is cool and completely unexpected in the Xfinity space. We sat outside given the great weather and the German theme was gone aside from the picnic tables. Space feels unfinished. No TV!?! Can someone explain this to me? Bizarre music selection. Very windy. The waitresses are dressed in tennis skorts and knee high tube socks. The waiters wear striped shirts vaguely reminiscent of gas station attendants. Service was decent. Menu is very limited: 5 kinds of brats, 2 salads, 1 turkey sandwich, french fries, fried pickles, pretzels. 
We had the pretzels and hot dogs with kraut. Pretzels were thin torpedo shaped. I should've sliced it longways and put the hot dog in there! Texture was more like a croissant than a Philly pretzels. And why were they unsalted!?! The beef hot dogs were thick and long. Roll was a little stale. Kraut was reasonably crunchy but tasted strongly of cracked black pepper. Prices are high, but really, did you think they would be reasonable here? 
Beer selection was good. Victory beers served in a glass. Non-Victory beers served in smaller plastic cups. No Donnybrook?Victory Beer Hall is where I end up most every time I'm at Xfinity Live. I love the great beer selection and the food menu is pretty large and covers all bases. But service ranges from decent to abysmal. 
On a busy night before a game, our party received apps before drinks, and our server was nowhere in sight for long periods of time. Food usually comes out quickly, which is good if you are trying to get to one of the stadiums; the service is what slows things down. 
I've had the buffalo chicken wrap, buffalo chicken salad, and various appetizers and everything has been great. It's the perfect place for junk food, but there are salads with grilled chicken for when you want to be healthy.
I've also seen live acoustic sets, which is always fun. Xfinity Live can be hit or miss but Victory is a hit most of the time.