This is my fourth trip here. The food is pretty good but the wait time is a little long to  me.I ordered the fried fish platter with broccoli and Mac nd cheese. I haven't had anything else from Victoria's kitchen because this one meal is so amazing that I know it will satisfy my cravings every time. I got my food delivered via uber eats, I find that to be the best delivery option because my food arrives nice and hot, just minutes after being cooked.I ordered through uber eats none the less Uber didn't prepare the food. I ordered a fried chicken family meal that was supposed to be enough to serve 4. What a joke. The four of us had a teaspoon serving of mac and and cheese, greens, and yams. The fried chicken was sub par and oh yea one piece of cornbread for 4 people. Total waste of money!!!! And if you are hungry go to KFC or Popeyes!!!The food took a little while but for a small family own restaurant with about 4/6 people what do you expect. The food was flavorful but the baked chicken was a bit over cooked. All in all I think it's a nice small spot but the food was grate. Considering there's not too many place to get good soul food in the city we need to appreciate the ones we have.Victoria Kitchen is very good. One time they did mess up my order and fixed it after they closed. It is worth the 15-20 minute wait.Ordered a few platters and everything was deelish!!! Fried Turkey chops, fried chicken, mash potatoes, sauteed string beans... really really good!! And I feel like the amount of food was worth the price!It's been years since my boyfriend and I have ate from Victoria's due to the food going down hill, we took a chance last night and ordered  over the phone chicken wings/fried fish with sides and a piece of marble cake....Needless to say the food was really good, we where shocked.....I still have my doubts on other dishes but they get 5 stars for the food tasting like old school Victoria's kitchenI found out about Victoria's Kitchen from a neighbor. Today, I ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake Entree and the Shrimp Po'Boy. 
First, I was surprised with how large the Po'Boy sandwich was. It was delicious with large shimps, and came with a yummy and slightly spicy house sauce. Only issue was I asked for no onions, but onions still came on the sandwich. 
The crab cake entree was superb. The crab cake was lump meat and tasted very fresh. The sides of mac and cheese, and potato salad was awesome. I only wish my potato salad had been cold instead of room temp. But this could have been due to the other hot foods in the food container. 
Recently, I've been having trouble fining a soul food place that makes good seafood, as I am a Pescatarian (only eat fish/seafood). Will def be ordering here again.My favorite soul food spot in the city..it's definitely a go to spot if you want good food and consistency.. I  was only disappointed once because the Mac and cheese tasted tangy like they put vinegar in it..but have since gone back to the original recipe. I had food so good I don't know who was cooking that night but after eat bite I closed my eyes and thanked the heavens.. My husband is such a picky eater and loves Victoria's kitchen keep up the good work .. oh and thanks to Iesha and another young lady who is always so pleasant when I come in for my pick ups on Friday nights after a long week.The first time I went to Victoria's was with my two daughters. They have a place you can dine in but they are not set that way. When the waitress brought me a cup of coffee in a styrofoam cup and not a cup a saucer, I was taken aback but let it go. Then when they brought our food (which we waited forever for) in to-go containers, I was like, what? The place isn't that big for dining so you would think they would at least have real dishes to serve customers. The food was "okay" but they put way too much garlic on their food. Their cabbage has much to be desired. 
Needing a taste of some soul food and not wanting to cook, my girlfriend, my daughter and I went yesterday (9/24) an ordered take out. It was a little chaotic to say the least. Nonetheless, my girlfriend wanted beef ribs which were advertised as $12. They said it was really $14; it was a typo and it was an old menu. Was that our fault? A true business would honor the price and eat the cost -- strike one. So we all ordered turkey wings, mac n cheese, cabbage, mixed veggies and yams. 
I asked my girlfriend how was her first time eating the food. she was disappointed. We all thought the food was way to salty and not seasoned enough -- seasoned does not mean salt. Won't be going back. Will wait for Honey Blu's to open their restaurant.Food is delicious . Especially the fried chicken and candied yams. Service is pretty quick . The place however could use a touch up and some remodeling.Ordered through UberEATS. Fried shrimp w/mac & yams. Rum pound cake. Shrimp were good but small, Mac was ok, hated the yams. The pound cake was the star of the show. Way overpriced so probably won't order again for that reason but pretty good food.Simply put the workers who take orders have attitudes and don't value paying customers!! 
As for taste of the food, it is fairly decent but nothing stellar and I've tasted better soul food. The prices are average. I have decided to nix going there unless I have been told that they are improving customer service and their relations. Great customer service will keep me supporting and returning. No one should get an negative attitude if one requests to add something  or change it. Patience with any customer is crucial. It's our money after all.Their chicken Cesar salad and blueberry ice tea? Yas ma'am Yas girl!! The service was excellent! The pricing was high but worth it!! This is my special treat place of choiceI love Victoria's Kitchen in every way. Great food that is cooked well all the time. As for someone complaining about silverware being needed at a take out restaurant; well you just have people that complain about the little things. I guess next time I will go to McDonald's or the neighborhood pizzeria, sit down, and expect china and silverware with my food. Thanks for all the great meals Victoria's Kitchen, and I will keep returning for more. I am on satisfied customer.Purchase a chicken wing platter and fish platter. Normally they are super slow and it takes a long time to get your food so I ordered what was ready and it still took 30 minutes. But none the less, the chicken was some of the best I ever had and the fish was fried to perfection. I was pleasantly surprised. Great food but if your going, call at least 45 minutes in advance.WOW is the only word that I can think of to describe the food at Victoria's Kitchen. I tasted several dishes and they were all outstanding. Chef Victoria and her staff were very friendly and polite. If this place were closer to me, I think that it would be a weekly staple in my house, the prices are reasonable and the food delicious, how can you go wrong.  I can't wait to go back, there is a grilled salmon platter with mac and cheese with my name on it. Go to the website, the salmon is as good as it looks on the website photo.Love their food. Never a long wait for food . The counter girls could be a little more friendly and professional but overall a great business.You only received a 2nd star because my partner liked his chicken. However after waiting about 1.5 hours for my order to arrive I am soo over you. My salad was wilted because for sone reason they dressed it when I specifically asked for my dressing on the side. When I called the 15th time I was told that the driver was outside . I love the idea of grubhub however  I'm not a fan of all the issues that their restaurants put me through. "sigh" Victorias kitchen you could have been sooo much better than wilted salad and cold food.Preliminary rating based on not receiving food after ordering at 6:20 pm through GrubHub.  
I anxiously waited for food since I never ordered or even at from this place and called check the status after 30 minutes estimated arrival.  Spoke with a gentleman( after requesting his name - Elijah) who informed me that there was no order under my name.  Now normally I would be going off but I've been on the Buy black, bank black so I held my cool as I gave him my address which he then said "nope, don't see that, oh wait here it is".  He then told me that although my order was accepted they didn't put it in.  Are you kidding me! I now have a splitting headache cause he's also telling me that they are out of greens.  &:@$$): - but he can give me an extra side free of charge.  "That's the least you can do cause my daughter and I both have headaches and stomachaches" I will follow up once the food arrives and give a review of the actual food.  But to be honest the food would have to be @!$:) amazing to get more than 1 additional star. These businesses can not compete - posted at 8:30 pmIf you request to have your food delivered from this establishment be prepared to wait 1.5 - 2 hours.  
Overall the food is pretty good. The Mac & Cheese is good, the candied yams are great. The cabbage is not over cooked and still a bit firm, it's quite tasty.  The grilled Tilapia was good but I do not think it was fresh from the sea, some establishments serve previously frozen fish. The brown rice had a smokey taste, so I'm not sure if that's normal or not.When I first went to Victoria's kitchen I was satisfied with the local soul food. Then on top of that they added delivery. They are still fairly a new business so they are still working out the kinks but there are some things that I noticed. The macaroni and cheese is a tad dry and the sweet potato fries are drenched in cinnamon and syrup. When you ask them to put a small amount on they either put the regular amount or leave it basically dry. Besides these things though I would say this place is okay.I'm not really understanding the bad reviews.  I'm seeing a trend amongst people that ordered delivery though.  The fried fish I ordered was crispy, flavorful, and surprisingly not that greasy.  The collard greens were perfectly seasoned and I probably could have ate a pound of them.  I also had candied yams that had just the right amount of sweetness.  I cannot wait to try more of their food! I heard the mac and cheese is really good too.  Overall the food is great and they have friendly staff.  You can tell they take pride in their food.Inconsistency, inconsistency and again inconsistency
Daughter ordered two platters only sent one but two orders of corn bread and two sodas... mac and cheese sucked. Not worth the chance anymore. When she called the young lady argued that she only ordered one . Lucky one platter is large enough to share. You never know what you're going to get quality wise or accuracy from order to order, day to day... but I'm done with ordering from here anymore and will not recommend them.I have to give this place 3 stars not cause of the food but the service. They don't give you any sauce for your food. I ordered the fried wings and shrimp combo thinking they would be decent enough to give you complimentary dipping sauce but I got nothing for it. The delivery service was super long even tho I live the maximum of 5 minutes away. I ordered at 8:08 and it came at 9:41. The food was overall food other than they give you no cocktail sauce for the fried shrimp or hot sauce. The baked Mac was super good the yams were ok just a little to sweet for me. The fried wings were good but they were super small I'm not sure if it was because of what I ordered but I wouldn't have ordered this if I knew before hand they would be super small and not the standard wing size. Overall good.The food is really good here. They run out quickly so always had a second backup readyFood is always good but service thru grub hub is hell. I've ordered thru grub hub about 3 times now and it's always a problem. This last time was IT for me. After waiting for over an hour, I called to check on the status of my delivery. Was told that their grub hub was down (which was a lie because grubhub would've said so when I placed my order) but that's another story. I call to check on my Order and was told that they are working on it and apologized for the delay. Again...this was about an hour and maybe 15 minutes after placing the order (HUNGRY).  Close to yet another hour has passed now and I have not had a knock on the door or a phone call for my delivery. I call back, by this time, it's almost 2 hours that have passed and I call and they say that my food is finally on the way. 2 hours?! Really?? Never in life have I experienced such a wait. I was starving when I placed the order! Again, food is always great but I wouldn't recommend anyone using grubhub to order from VK. I'm never one to complain about service EVER, in fact...this is was a first for me but waiting two hours for food is just ridiculous. ESPECIALLY when you're already starving. Manager was nice and offered to Comp my next meal but I was just too over it. Sadly, I just don't know that I'll order again.Literally waited 3 hours for them to deliver my food after originally being told 45 minutes then 15 minutes each of the 3 times I called when they didn't show. Did I mention that I only live 5 minutes away? They made no attempt to make amends for their mistake but we still decided to pay for the order to avoid starvation. The food was average, possibly because it was cold & sweaty, but the horrible customer service definitely diminishes the quality.I used to eat here often, now that I am trying to lose weight this is my "treat" spot!
The food is excellent, I love the shrimp with mac and cheese and green beans. They used to run out of food and take a lot longer, but they have gotten better. A good spot. Call ahead if you can and you won't wait at all.After waiting over 2 hours for a delivery to a location less than 10 minutes away, we still have not received our order. We have called twice for an update. Once we were told the driver had left 10 minutes ago, and the next time that he had left 45 minutes ago and the ETA was "maybe 10 minutes". There was no attempt to make restitution and a lackluster apology was offered only after I stated that a two hour wait was unacceptable. The food provided by this restaurant isn't worth waiting over 2 hours for. It is just passable on a day with a normal wait period. This isn't our first time ordering from here, but it is going to be our last.
Edited to add.: The food never arrived and the restaurant closed 45 minutes ago.  Do yourself a favor and don't order food from here.Long wait times, and the food is not consistently good!A few years ago.....I stopped in this restaurant and saw an ambitious young woman just starting out.  The customer service was awesom the food was unique and tasty.  Then, after success the service diminshed, the orders were incorrect, the waiting period grew longer due to mistakes. Turkey burger was undercooked. The clutter around the register. What happened?OMG!!! My friend had them cater a party last weekend. The food was absolutely amazing!! Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. So glad I got to take home leftovers. The grilled chicken and brisket reheated perfectly, so juicy and flavorful!  I can't wait to try their BBQ!This place has *thee* best soul food.... their dom's cheesy mac and cheese is unreal and the yams are too great....would definitely recommend this place...just had it for the first time yesterday and will be going back tomorrowI love supporting black businesses in my community but when an establishment can blatantly disrespect their own for the sake of dollar then it is no wonder why we are stigmatized as illegitimate business people. After my experience today, this establishment will no longer receive my hard earned money for such poor customer service. 
I called in an order for a fish sandwich and a cobbler for pick during my break at work. I was told that the cobbler was not available and asked if I wanted 1 or 2 pieces of fish on my sandwich. I opted for 2 pieces and the pineapple cake instead. When I arrived to the restaurant I also added a banana pudding to my order which came to a total of $20.52. I checked my order in the car before leaving and noticed that my banana pudding was missing and that I did not have a fish sandwich. Instead I was given 2 pieces of fish and two dinky slices of wheat bread. I returned to the restaurant and to inform the young lady at the counter of the error. She hands me the bread pudding and turned away. Perplexed, I asked about my sandwich because what I had was definitely not the fish sandwich that I was accustomed to from Victoria's Kitchen. She replied that they no longer make sandwiches. I asked, "If you no longer make sandwiches, then why wouldn't you say that when I called and asked for a fish sandwich?" She replied, "Well that's why I asked you if you wanted one or two pieces of fishes?" I don't what planet y'all live on but that makes no sense. If you don't have sandwiches then say that you don't make sandwiches. The experience was utterly disrespectful and lazy. I used to be a fan of this place but they will never receive my money again and I'll make sure that people know about this foolery. Piece of advice: take care of your own and learn some customer service skills. Otherwise, you are in the wrong business.We were lucky enough to have Victoria's Kitchen cater our recent wedding celebration at the Painted Bride Art Center.  I was familiar with Victoria's because in the past they have hosted fundraisers for my school (I'm a teacher). So, not only do they make great food, they also are super nice, generous, & work to support the community. 
    Once I started planning with Stephanie & Victoria- I felt completely at ease & I knew we were in great hands.  Everything was perfect.  Our guests had a fantastic time & they were very well fed.  Everything was fresh & delicious. Our vegetarian friends were impressed with the vegetarian option that was offered.  Everyone was more than satisfied.   Our guests keep telling us how great the food was and how nice the staff from Victoria's were.  We have many wonderful memories of the celebration to cherish thanks to the talent & hard work provided by Victoria's Kitchen staff.I placed an order on GrubHub & got a call from the Restuarant that two of the items I ordered they didn't have.  Then I get a status order update from GrubHub saying my order was ready.  When I arrived at the Restuarant I had to wait 30 minutes.  The turkey chops were a bit salty & the sweet potato cheese pie was HORRIBLE.  I will not be eating here again.  The mac&cheese & string beans were ok but nothing to write home about.  Needless to say that I was truly DISAPPOINTED!!!So I wanted something delicious to eat, I was in between Relish or Victoria Kitchen. I recently ate at relish so I decided to give Victoria a try. I order fried chicken, mac & cheese and potato salad. I'm going to get right to the point . Mac & cheese was super burnt and dry. Chicken wings were more like wingettes and I didn't even receive the side of potato salad so I can't tell you if that would have been good. Long story short I should have fellow my gut and order from Relish. I was super disappointed. If it doesn't meet your personal expectations then you shouldn't serve anyone what you give me. Quality is everything!The food is amazing & delivery was fairly prompt! Food arrived in about 45 minutes. I ordered the smothered turkey chops which were substituted with pork chops. I wanted pork to begin with, so I didn't mind. It came with collard greens & mac and cheese. I also ordered sweet potato cheese pie. A delicious meal overall!I had food delivered, and it came in about 40 minutes, which is fine, but I was overcharged by $4 (paid for the large Mac and Cheese, got the small) and the the food was mediocre at best. I ended up throwing out half my meal, which is something I never do. It was such a disappointing experience, I have to go with 1 star.Food is just OK. The yams had this weird orangey *I know, not a word* taste to them. I LOVE the blueberry lemonade, OMG! That's the only thing I've been back for sadly...Victoria's is located about 5 blocks from my home.  I've eaten their food many, many times.  Never had a bad meal, not even once.  I call to order take out, so I can't speak on delivery service.  They also have about 5-6 tables if you'd like to eat in.
Simply put, the food is wonderful!  I order when I crave fish & their Fried Basa is simply delicious.  Perfectly cooked every time.  The Tilapia is mouthwatering good as well, comes wrapped within spinach & so well-seasoned.  In fact, all their food is well seasoned, I've never added any additional seasons to any dish I've ever ordered.  The platter comes with 2 sides: greens, potato salad, tuna salad, mac n cheese, cabbage, yams etc.  All are good, some stand above others.  
If you go for the 1st time, order the Fried Basa w sides of greens & potato salad or tuna salad if they have it, banging soul food meal.  Thank me later :o)The worst customer service! The Fish sandwich is good; however the food quality is inconsistent. If they give you a wait time add 45 more minutes! Very disappointed with the service here.Amazing zesty food- I love their cakes! I wish their prices went down a little. Many people comment on the wait time, however, they have gotten significantly better with this. It's a small place. They are doing the best they can. Overall, fantastic tasty soul food. It's like the good catered soul food you taste. It's good!!The fried chicken platter is excellent! The chicken is always well seasoned and crispy. The only reasons for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the price has went up by a lot! My order of 6 chicken wings and 2 sides came to $16. A little pricey but worth it in the endI've only had their $10 Chef Salad w/grilled chicken which I enjoyed. The grilled chicken cost an additional $2. My very first salad was delicious! 
Sadly, I noticed a decrease in the quality of their salad. Initially,  the chef salad included 80% spinach and 20% iceberg lettuce, but the more I ordered,  the less spinach I received. Instead, I received 80% iceberg lettuce (the white hard parts) and 20% spinach. 
!!!Warning!!!
Please check your order before you leave because they make mistakes 90% of the time. Every time I ordered, they either forgot to include my egg, added onions when I asked them not to, or gave me the wrong salad dressing. 
The staff was good about reimbursing me, and/or giving me a free drink, but I would rather have my food right. Needless to say,  I stop going there.I heard so many good things about this place so i had to try it, my fiance and i spent 40 dollars on two platters thats went right in the trash, I ordered fish fried rice, the rice was under cooked and no flavor at all with cut up pieces of fish, no type of fry here just a mix i could have done myself with more flavor. My fiance ordered the chicken platter the wings were so bland and tasteless, who messes up chicken!! lol,    I gave it two stars because i must say the rum pound cake is delicious maybe ill just go for that.So anytime I'm craving that soulful comfort food and I'm not in the mood to slave over the stove , I cheat and pop into good old Vicky's. I'm giving 5 stars simply because it's damn good and consistent. I know each time I'm go underwhelming isn't a feat. I usually go for the classic fried chicken platter with the smashed potato salad and backed mac. The chicken is crunchy and flavorful. The smashed potato salad has tang and flavor in every bite, the cheesy mac and cheese is a guilty pleasure. I frequent Vicky's twice a month and I'm more than satisfied every time. It's about 14.50 a platter, reasonable for the portions and specialty. I love the soul and love I taste and it keeps me coming back!I love the food here but they are always out of yams and when you call to order sometimes your placed on hold for a very LONG time smh. Other than that everything is great and I order from here all the timeVictoria's Kitchen came to my work and it was amazing. I had it twice in one week. No shame!! The mac and cheese was awesome. So were the green beans, collard greens and fried fish (which was not one bit greasy). The mac and cheese was cheesy and fattening... just as it should be! They dont skimp! I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and hope they come back soon. I took a peek at their website and was pleasantly surprised to know that their ingredients were fresh and the fish wild caught. Yum!The food use to be good. Now it's really salty and over priced The sides are never good anymore. I had rice that was very hard and inedible. The greens were old and soggy. I'm going to miss patronizing this business but...I feel bad writing this review. I like to support Black businesses but this place has to do better. The macaroni and cheese. I really don't know where to begin. It was the most blandest and weirdest mac & cheese I've ever seen and tasted. Dear Victoria's Kitchen, please work on that because I want to support you.The Bomb,and anyone who thinks less,clearly is entitled to their opinion,but I recommend Victoria's to any and all.The best! Low key spot in uptown they do take long on deliveries but the food is absolutely phenomenal!Bad idea to be driving your Victoria's Kitchen van going 90 in a 40 MPH zone and cut us off while a van is trying to merge at the same time and just merely miss smashing into my car with my 11 month old. Terrible judgment. I know it's not a review on the food, but I would never eat there now after that experience.If people think this place has the best soul food, I would question their palate.
The first time I went to Victoria's was with my two daughters. They have a place you can dine in but they are not set that way. When the waitress brought me a cup of coffee in a styrofoam cup and not a cup a saucer, I was taken aback but let it go. Then when they brought our food (which we waited forever for) in to-go containers, I was like, what? The place isn't that big for dining so you would think they would at least have real dishes to serve customers. The food was "okay" but they put way too much garlic on their food. Their cabbage has much to be desired. 
Needing a taste of some soul food and not wanting to cook, my girlfriend, my daughter and I went yesterday (9/24) an ordered take out. It was a little chaotic to say the least. Nonetheless, my girlfriend wanted beef ribs which were advertised as $12. They said it was really $14; it was a typo and it was an old menu. Was that our fault? A true business would honor the price and eat the cost -- strike one. So we all ordered turkey wings, mac n cheese, cabbage, mixed veggies and yams. 
I asked my girlfriend how was her first time eating the food. she was disappointed. We all thought the food was way to salty and not seasoned enough -- seasoned does not mean salt. Won't be going back. Will wait for Honey Blu's to open their restaurant.This place is pretty good. Ordered a turkey burger which was awesome, and sweet potato fries which were gross, but had potential. They were hand cut fries (fresh). The issue is they covered them in a sweet syrupy sauce which made the fries mushy and disgusting. I would totally get the jawbreaker again, but the can keep those weird french fries.We ordered a salmon sandwich and a salmon dinner platter. First off, we were promised a 25 minute PICK UP TIME. I waited 30 minutes after I ordered to leave, drove ten minutes and waited an additional 20 minutes there for the food. The salmon sandwich was about $10-11 which in my opinion is already over priced to not come with a side, but whatever. I ordered a side of sweet potato fries....they charged me $5 for a small (ridiculous).
I was called back about 10 minutes after I made the order to advise that they did not have the Brioche bun (which is why ordered the overpriced sandwich in the first place)...they told me they only had white bread. I obliged, but when I got there to pick up the food I asked if they were gonna knock anything off the price for the inconvenience (brioche bread is significantly more expensive than white bread) I was told no but decided to pay for the food anyway. 
I got the food an hour after ordering and was terribly disappointed once I got it home to my family. The white bread on the sandwich was stale, the salmon itself was cold and swimming in grease inside the sandwich.
The sweet potato fries were soft, wilted, and very greasy. 
My husband was quite dissatisfied with his platter as well. The potatoes was so salty he couldn't eat them, the salmon was swimming in grease and the green beans were over cooked. (Platter not pictured). 
It's funny, we read the Yelp reviews before giving this place a try and decided to roll the dice anyway. (Support black owned) 
B I G  M I S T A K E.
Needless to say; first time, last time, won't do it again.  
This was $35 wasted (you read right, no drinks no desserts, just a platter a sandwich and a fry)
If you read this review and decide you may want to roll the dice with this place anyway; do yourself a favor....DONT.Good spot. I had stopped ordering from them for a minute because quality went down. recently my daughter order from them and it looked so good we wound up sharing. things seem to be back where they once were. the only down side if you want call it a down side, is the fact they do not serve pork products... they are a little pricey but you deserve to treat yourself every now and then, they give you a lot of food a platter gives me two meals.They sell farm raised fish that macaroni side and potato salad its horrible stop playing people work too hard for nasty food somebody give the new club plenty of people looking for jobsThe food was amazing! I order fried chicken, greens, and Mac and cheese via uber eats. I'm very picky when it comes to greens and Mac & cheese because everyone can't successfully cook those. I was very satisfied with my order. There wasn't too much nor too little seasoning or salt on everything. The prices aren't to bad either! I'll definitely order again.Food is great if they actually have whats on the menu....  I was told no more of this Great Turkey Burger and Quinoa. They dont sell it anymore! Cashers suck they make you feel like you being rushed. Only one cake on display.... could be better. There cooks is all they got.... The inside is not as clean and inviting as the outside. Best to grab and go. Luv my Black Business but we got to do better... The little things could make this place greatThe only reason they get two stars is because the food is good, but as for the delivery time and customer service it was HORRIBLE!!  I kept calling to add something to my order and the young lady kept leaving me on hold for 10-15 minutes.  Then let's talk about hoe the delivery driver pulled up on my block blasting music so loudly disturbing all my neighbors, it was so classless.  Don't even think about pickup that takes even longer than delivery, like why do I have to wait over an hour for food.  YOU NEED TO DO BETTERLet me start by saying this good food! I have been here a few times and outside of having to wait even after I called in my order the portions are a nice size and the service is always friendly. I tend to order the Fried Fish platter and I get the Basa fillets of which they give you two large fillets and two sides, honestly it is enough for two meals. The Mac and Cheese is good, so are the sweet potatoes, but the real stand out is the broccoli. I tried it on a whim thinking it would be nothing more than plain 'ol broccoli, but they way they seasoned this broccoli had me wishing me whole meal was nothing but broccoli. One downside was when I ordered three meals all had mac and cheese as a side, two of them had a fresh, cheesy, gooey, mac and cheese and the other clearly had the remnants of a scrapped mac and cheese pan. When I took the plates home it was not cool and we were quite annoyed. Let me finish by saying this, it is a good restaurant and I have only had one minor mishap there, with that said I have been back a few times since and it has been good. As long as they stay consistent, they will have me as a customer. I have been dying to try the crabcake because I hear nothing but great things about it. SB: Even though they deliver, I would pick it up. Oh, and I view this as a takeout spot, if you want a sit down dinner with ambience and atmosphere this isn't the place. All in all, give it a try, it's good food.Victoria's Kitchen is a fairly new take out restaurant on West Oak Lane's ever growing Ogontz Ave. I'd been wanting to try this place out since it opened and when opportunity presented itself to do so today, gave it a try. I ordered the Fried Fish Platter which came with 2 sides, I went with the Smashed Potato Salad and Collard Greens.  Also picked up a second platter for someone else and they had the Fried Chicken with Mac & Cheese and Collards. 
Everything in my platter was very good, the fish was seasoned nicely, not too much not too little. Potato salad and Collards are both something I've only come to like in adulthood go figure so needless to say for me to like either, it has to be done a certain way and Victoria did them both well. 
I tasted a little of the Mac and Cheese and it was pretty good, not the best I'd ever had but I'd order it for myself. 
Finished my platter up with a slice of 7-up cake. MMMMM so moist and all around good. I remember my mom use to make this cake so that brought back memories.
I want to try a few other things before going for a full 5:) Other things offered are Crab Cakes, Fish or Chicken Fried Rice, Turkey Burgers among other things. 
They also deliver which I'm not so sure I needed to know, having soul food I like at my fingertips! Nevertheless rather I walk in or have it delivered I'll go again. 
Oh and customer service was very good, both the young lady who took my order and Victoria the chef, very personable.Food is very good.  I always Oder the salmon and a double order of spinach. A bit pricey now than a year and s half ago. I stopped going because the price went up and the service went down. The wait is entirely too long. Sometime I call an order in from south philly in my way in from work, by the time I get there my food is still not done! And then they don't bother to call and tell you your side is not available. You find out when you get there, then have to wait for that to be cooked.The food was disgusting and was a total waste for me. My mac & cheese was sitting in what looked like oil and had a funny after taste.  The sweet potatoes were bland and the fried chicken not tasty.  Trashed my platter so it was wasted money.The food is great but the girls behind the counter needs to learn Proper phone etiquette other then that the food is Awesome especially the turkey chopsThis is my first time ever giving a review on Yelp. I gave you 4 stars because your food is DELISH!! My only problem is you guys come to our building, 1500 market street Centre Square West for FOODA but YOU DON'T BRING ENOUGH FOOD!!! Today I arrived at 12:25 pm and you were SOLD OUT! REALLY!! The start time is 11:45 am. Not only was I disappointed but MANY, MANY, not very happy people were turned away to as well. Please take this into consideration when prepping for this location. MORE FOOD GUYS!!!Food was a joke, I ordered the Salmon Platter with Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans. 
Mashed potatoes looked like apple sauce (how is that even possible right?)
Green Beans were literally swimming in grease (why not drain it??)
Salmon was soggy and also......swimming in grease. 
Food was cold, customer service was cold. Honestly if I could give this negative 5 stars I promise you I would.i live in the neighborhood and seen a menu on the ground, so i decided to try them. I decided to have them deliever since i didn't feel like driving. I called on a friday night, but it surprisngly came fast it was under a hour which was great..the food was also good very seasoned and well porportioned. I've ordered from them every friday now..guess i'm a fan!!!This food was the bombbbbbbb. I made an order on Ubereats and was beyond satisfied! I ordered the baked chicken platter with Mac n cheese and the sautéed string beans. Man I felt like fighting everybody at Victoria's kitchen because the food was so good! Damn! I had ordered from this place not ever hearing about it or trying it but they have a customer now! The only downside to ordering from this place is many of the desserts were sold out and what's a good meal without a dessert?! I definitely don't need the calories but if I had to say something that they could improve on it would be availability of sides and desserts. Other than that Victoria you and your team had my food smackin and boy was I pleased! Yummy yummy yummy!!Their food is good when they have it available don't go on Saturday nights cause you won't get any Mac n cheese . And when it's too packed they pickup the phone n hang it up smhI had salmon, yams and white rice with gravy and it was very delicious and well seasoned, I ate everything, I will be ordering all the time nowI like Victoria's. We ordered takeout there tonight after attempting to eat at Delilah's at 30th street (closed down), and Chef Ken's (closed on Tuesdays.) I'm happy to say I really enjoyed my food. had the fried tilapia, macaroni and cheese, and collard greens.  I was surprised to find I didn't need to add any additional spices (not even salt or pepper) to my food.  
My fiance', on the other hand, thought it was just okay. He got the short ribs, and was a bit confused when he discovered they came with no bbq sauce.  Who eats their ribs that way?
Service was prompt and friendly.  In fact, we were out of there within 5 minutes of ordering, and my food was fresh and hot. (Unlike other places, my food was made fresh.)  I would definitely recommend Victoria's, especially on a Tuesday night.This place seems to be hit or miss. I ordered a smothered pork chop platter a couple months ago and while the Mac and cheese and collard greens I ordered were delicious, the pork chop was tough and dry.  Recently, I had family in town and didn't feel like cooking Sunday dinner or driving anywhere, so we looked up the restaurants on Uber Eats and saw Victoria's Kitchen. I was a little hesitant to order, but since I wasn't paying for dinner, I was like why not! They had a couple of family deals, which I wasn't aware of. We ordered the family deal that served 6-8 people and came with 5 "large" sides and a mix of chicken and fish. When the food arrived, The sides were as large as I expected and was concerned there wouldn't be enough food, but we were able to stretch it. The fish was fried nicely and seasoned well. However, the fried chicken was the star of meal! It was seasoned and fried perfectly. Everyone complimented it. The sides were all good (Mac and cheese, cabbage, yams, steamed string beans, and herbed potatoes), though some were saltier than others (ex. Potatoes). The meal was supposed to come with 6 pieces of cornbread, but either the Uber driver left it or they didn't provide, but we didn't receive it. That was a bummer.My husband and I ordered from here around 9pm and we picked up our food. When we got home and opened up our food the appearance was not good. The food did not look fresh and it wasn't even hot. We ordered the fried wings, mash, and cabbage. I always order my wings fried hard but they were soggy and some of the pieces of chicken freaked me out one looked like the shape of a rodent. The garlic mash was drenched in butter omg I could not get through two spoons of it. The only thing that was edible was the cabbage. I was certainly shocked at this, because I always eat from here and my food is always nice fresh and cooked just how I like it. We came to the conclusion that this is not the place to order from 1-2 hours before closing time which is at 10pm. It should not be this way and people should have their food fresh and hot no matter what time it is. If your business close at 10 you should send out food that represents your business in the best way. I don't think I will be eating from here no time soon. We started to return for a refund but we live in the northeast so we had to settle for some bowls of cereal. Disappointed customer.Food is solid, nothing that will blow your mind. I do recommend the soul roll.  It comes with a dipping sauce that's slammin.An excellent community owned business in the West Oak Lane section of Philadelphia. The service is great. Everyone is kind and if they see you come back multiple times they'll start remembering how you like your food.
As for the food itself, the salmon (my go to entree) with brown rice and garlic spinach is a must have. The Turkey chops are also excellent with gravy on top! All of the food is fresh and it's obvious that it's cooked with LOVE. 
Victoria's kitchen has the best soul food in Philly and most importantly they give back to the community and care about their customers. I would recommend everyone gives them a try!I reluctantly visited Victoria's Kitchen this past weekend.  I heard from a few facebook friends that the customer service was bad, but I was craving chicken wings and decided to give them a try.  I have to say that I was pleased with the customer service.  We were greeted promptly and friendly.  The young man who took our order was professional and answered the questions I had about ingredients.  The odd thing was that you have to pay for your food upfront.  That is the first time I have encountered that, but whatever.  
I have to be honest and say that I would have enjoyed Popeye's chicken more and I think their chicken is typical fast food.  The wings were very small and had absolutely no seasoning.  I also had the collard greens.  They too lacked seasoning.  I did appreciate the fact that they were not cooked using fat, but a little sautéed onion, garlic and ginger would have really helped the greens.  I took them home and added some EVOO, sea salt and garlic powder to give them some help.  I can no take bland food!  Would I go back - not really sure.  Perhaps this was an off day.