I love this place for their food, services, and atmosphere.  Never had a bad meal there, and this place could possibly be ranked as one of the better Asian restaurants in Philly!I had a naughty idea on Friday night. 
We've been going to Vietnam Restaurant since before I lived here. Two years ago, within the walls of Vietnam Restaurant, the idea to move to Philly was hatched. I love it there. But on Friday, instead of going to our longtime favorite, I wondered what would happen if what if we went to Vietnam Palace, DIRECTLY ACROSS THE STREET? 
I felt like we were performing some weird act of restaurant betrayal, but I had to know. I had to cross into the bizzaro world. And it was good there. Was it better than Vietnam? I can't say. There were things I liked more (the sauce that came with my vermicelli and the seafood dumplings) and things I liked less (the decor & general ambiance, the spring rolls - which were good, but I prefer Vietnam's). There were things that were identical (the cans of soda, the MENU for most part). Ultimately, it was a good experience and I liked it there. I enjoyed my vegetarian spring roll vermicelli immensely and Mike enjoyed his non-vegetarian springroll vermicelli + shrimp. We ordered essentially what we typically order across the street to compare. Although I have somewhat of an emotional attachment to their rivals (are they rivals? I'm guessing they're rivals) across the street, as far as the food, service, and space go, it's pretty much a draw between the two.Possibly the nicest looking Viet restaurant in town, but the food was very mediocre. My "jumbo" shrimp were just regular shrimp. I was really expecting it to be prawn size. The shaky beef was cut too thin and thus was dry. The papaya salad was tough. But I experience this at Nam Phuong as well, so maybe Philly just doesn't have good green papaya?Totally Tasty, there is much wonderful food here. Service is prompt and polite.they get 4.5 stars from me, only because i've gotten older and i don't think that anything is as good as it gets anymore. ;) it's been well over a year since i've written a review, but vietnam palace, specifically tracy, deserves a lot of good 'press'. 
i've dined at vietnam palace many times in the past and already knew that i was a fan of the food. i don't have a marked preference for it over vietnam restaurant (both are delicious), but VP definitely has better pho  and grilled meat. anyway, my organization hosted an 80 person banquet in their upstairs private dining room, and not only was the food amazing, not only was the service amazing (people went out of their way to complement the service at a banquet, where people are varying degrees of tipsy and usually only paying attention to their own conversations. amazing), but the event coordinator is also a top notch human being. she patiently coordinated all sorts of business details and last minute changes and couldn't have been more pleasant or accommodating. the event went off without a hitch and people are still telling me how much they enjoyed the food. well done, and thank you!
highly recommended dishes: any appetizer (seriously), papaya salad, pho, hue style soup, i prefer vermicelli to broken rice, but they do both dishes very well, stir fried flat noodles, country style beef and their salt battered seafood is not heavy and very nice. and they can sub tofu in almost anywhere (my favie dish at the banquet was a tofu stirfry. excellent and clean).Last Visit: Monday, December 21, 2009. Lunch for two. No reservations needed.
Went here on a lunch date around noon. The place was surprisingly empty given how good the food was. Nice little place, which was recommended to me as a "must-eat at" restaurant while in Philly by a friend and native, and a restaurant my date and girlfriend describes as "the first place she always goes when she lands in Philly" (two separate people). Nothing too fancy, but definitely a comfortable, family-friendly atmosphere.
We ordered (food photos attached):
- Crispy spring rolls (appetizer)
- Bowl of Pho soup w/ beef and tripe.
- Vermicelli with Charbroiled Beef (+rice paper)
The spring rolls were good and came with the orange dipping sauce (coconut, lime, and vinegar). They are cut in small portions and are served with veggies.
The Pho soup is large and can be split between two people. I generally am not a fan of this soup (I much prefer Chinese beef noodles), but it was very good here.
The Vermicelli with Charbroiled Beef w/ rice paper was new to me (can you tell I do not eat Vietnamese food often?) and very, very good. The beef was more than enough for two people.
The bill for two came down to $28 including a 20% tip. Worth every penny, and leftovers too. Great service, great restaurant. Would gladly return again.
In fact, I was told to go here for dinner and drinks, as they have specialty drinks that I was told are very good and the price (as you can see above) is very reasonable.I enjoy Vietnam Palace (AKA the Electric Ao Dai) because it's not the ususal crap Pho-in-the-wall place. The decor is nice, the servers are attentive and they have a liquor license(!). Yes, it's more than $6 a bowl for soup. This seems to offend many people who are dead set on cheap pho, but try to remember that you're paying to sit in a place that doesn't look like someone set up a soup kitchen in the remains of a Bosnian McDonalds. Don't worry, there are still plenty of cheap pho places with dirty bowls and filthy seats around (Cafe Pho Ga Thanh Thanh in Kensington comes to mind). We've eaten here dozens of times and I can say that everything I've eaten has been good and remarkably consistent. 
Food-wise I'd say its a 4/5- good, craveable, but not mind-blowing. The setting pushes it up to five stars, because its the type of place where you can take a group/family/a date and get a drink, bullshit, eat and generally turn the meal into a 3 hour affair. There are better Viet places out there in terms of food, but very few in Philly have an atmosphere that is conducive to staying for more than 20 minutes. If you're in Chinatown this is the spot for Viet.It's funny that this place's average is 3.5 stars, because that's exactly how I'd rate it. I ate here with 17 other people, though, and deft service for a big party bumped me up to a 4. Given how often service issues crop up when you're out with just a few people, it is really commendable that such a big group had such a smooth, fun experience, even with several other mob-sized parties in the dining room. 
We started off at the bar with 33 Export and Tsingtao, the Vietnamese and Chinese equivalents of Budweiser. OK, Tsingtao is better than Bud, but next time I'm having a cocktail.
It takes a long time to organize and seat 18 people, and our waiter was on it with the drink orders as soon as we settled in. I was happy to see a whole page of veggie options in the lengthy menu. Appetizers started arriving shortly thereafter, and the fresh, minty summer rolls and crispy, flavorful spring rolls made everyone happy. 
My vermicelli stir fry was either lightly flavored or underseasoned, depending on how you look at it (I'm inclined toward the latter),  but the basil mock chicken I tried was good. All in all, I found the food to be tasty and satisfying, but nothing really made me rave. I would come back to Vietnam Palace any time nonetheless.catfish claypot was filled with chunks of pork fat (though it wasn't mentioned in the menu).  Noodle dish tasted like liquid smoke.The food here is prepared in a way that reminds me of how my family would prepare Vietnamese food as a child.  I definitely recommend the Bun Rieu!This is a very beautiful restaurant to be inside for lunch or dinner. I love the service and the quality of everything here. As for food it's no different from other generic vietnamese restaurants but I've never had a bad experience here. 
You'll always get great service here. :)If you want authentic Vietnamese food than head over to Washington Ave. This place is over priced and the food is underwhelming.Had the pho here! Very good but portions were small and it was a bit higher in price than some of the other spots I've been to. Over all, friendly servers and good pho. Not the best pho I've had.. But good pho.Comfortable setting, close to the comedy club. The wait wasn't long, the staff were courteous, and the food was delicious! The spring roll was more than enough for two. The beanthread soup had plenty of mushrooms. Reasonably priced night out!Friendly workers and owner. Delicious charbroiled beef and broken rice. Good pho. Good Thai tea.My buddy and I arrived just as they were preparing to close the kitchen for the night so I was a little concerned that my first meal at Vietnam Palace would not live up to the hype he has been giving the food here. Happily, my concerns unwarranted, because the food was both beautifully prepared and delicious and the service was quick and very friendly. Despite the fact we were the last customers of the night we never felt rushed in any way. 
The Pho was fragrant and yummy; loaded with good quality meat and noodles cooked just right. Our appetizers of jicama rolls, and spring rolls were fresh and served with an excellent dipping sauce which was just a little different then the other versions of this same sauce I've tried at other Vietnamese restaurants. The beef rolls were served with fresh lettuce, carrots and jicama slices, and a light vinegar dipping sauce that complimented the rich flavor of the beef very well.
I'm looking forward to coming back to explore the menu further since there were quite a few items that I wanted to try.Went here on a Friday night with a group of 7, the restaurant was plenty big enough for us and had a diverse and big menu. We had a few vegetarians in the group and they had plenty of options to choose from. Very affordable too, only wished it was slightly better air conditioned on a 95 degree summer day.This is a staple for me. Great food and great service. The spring rolls, cubed beef with lemon pepper and the shrimp with broken rice are favorites. Don't forget to get sweet rice with taro for dessert!This place was yummy and the atmosphere was great! I wouldn't recommend bringing kids or anything like that, but the overall experience was a good one and the food was delicious and filling. Will definitely be returning!Went here with a friend who ordered their vegetable noodle soup. Half way through the meal he started finding pieces of chicken meat in his bowl. Then as he dug around the bottom of the bowl, lots of pieces. We brought this to the attention of the waiter who took it to the chef. Came back and told us those were dried bamboo pieces. .. um, it looked like chicken,  the meat flaked like chicken, smelled like chicken,  and tasted like chicken.   1 star for dishonesty.My tale of eating here is a bittersweet one. First time I had the mock chicken with ginger and had dreams to go back because it was so good.I had also ordered an avocado milkshake but they forgot to bring it. Next time they brought it and it was good, but later when i went to take a drink a giant insect was swimming in it. It was probably from the plant on the table, but it still rattled me a bit. I should give it another chance sometime, but I'm a bit gunshy.All yall haters stop hatin.  This meal was perfect.  I wish I had like one more piece of charbroiled beef.  But for a red meat eater this place rocks. Seafood in philly is questionable to begin with.  If you're seeking the best prawn of your life in Chinatown, good on you.  The Shrimp Bun was bangin, tho.  Short ribs....bomb.  So all you jabroni's with a whole lot to say, ZIP IT, or you'll have me to deal with.  That dump across the street could hold VP's chop sticks.  Drinks, spot on.  No overly on love with the mojito, but they get down for theirs.
So go to Vietnam Palace and tell 'em Big Texas sent you.
Update:
I get why people like the spot across the srteet, but I still prefer VP.Try not to make the mistake of going to this one instead of the Vietnam Restaurant across the street; they are a world apart! I was meeting a business associate at Vietnam Restaurant and she mistook Vietnam Palace for the place. When she called my cell, I told her I'd just walk over to that one (no wait). The food was not very good but the big deal was the cockroaches. Three different ones (the smaller kind) interrupted our meal, two of them by crawling up the wall next to our table. 
Pay the extra money and go across the street.The spring rolls are yummy.  My sons ate the chicken skewers in 8.3 seconds!  So good. Great service!I usually order the vermicelli with crispy spring rolls dish, and it is wonderful! The wait staff are also quick and friendly, so I really enjoy eating here.Was just there for dinner with friends.  I liked the resturant soo much I might go back there again.  Bathrooms were small, but clean.  Wait service was friendly.  Food came out relatively quick.Vietnam Palace is still pretty good, but I like Vietnam Restaurant better.   Palace is a bit too dark inside, and that the first time we went here we didn't get the best service.
The food is about the same as across the street, I just like the service and atmosphere better there.So it's been over 10 years since I've been to Vietnam Palace.  This place has been around chinatown for quite some time (the name even remain the same) because I remember my dad use to take me here every Sunday to have lunch.  I came in today with my boyfriend for lunch today because I haven't been here for so long, like 10 years long.  So amongst walking in, I find this place to be different from the normal pho place that you'd find in chinatown or south Philadelphia (Washington ave particularly).  The interior is decorated with mainly bamboo, even the chairs are bamboo.  It's very elegant and easy on the eye.  The pictures on the wall is very vietnamese hence the palace vibe.  This place is great for group of friends or even a date (would be a date that wouldn't do too much damage to your wallet).  If you check in on yelp, you get a free glass of wine or beer of your choice.  We didn't take up on the offer because it was too early for alcohol.
OK, so the food.  We started with chicken skewers, pretty flavorful served with some iceberg lettuce and cucumbers.  I order pho tai and had the beef on the side.  The beef didn't look very good, most restaurants have them thinly sliced but this place is slightly thicker and smaller.  The broth is kind of salty but that seems to be the norm in almost every place that I've eaten.  My boyfriend had the vermicelli deluxe (charbroiled pork with shrimp and spring rolls).  I gave the spring rolls a try and particularly liked them because they were crispy.  The first time ever the fish sauce that comes out with this dish is spicy (normally there are no chilly peppers, you add them yourself). We also had jackfruit milkshake and vietnamese ice coffee.  Jackfruit shake was good, viet coffee OK.  
So in particular, this place is attentive as far as their service.  As per my boyfriend's opinion, normally if you go to a viet restaurant, they give you your food and you never see the waiter again until you're done with your food.  Not this place, this guy came back to check on us a few times; it is a shock to see "service" in asian restaurants.  I'd give this place 4 stars for the service and the food.We booked VP for our rehearsal dinner and the food was amazing. Prices are much more reasonable than other restaurants in the CC/OC area, and the ambience is so romantic and lovely.Service was great but it was overpriced food and I ordered Pho and got a soup that was definitely not authentic pho or anything like it!I've been to Vietnam Palace atleast 30 times in the last 5 years.  For Viet restaurants in the area, the food is pretty average. Not amazing, not bad, either.  I would rank the food about 3.5 stars.  
However, in recent years, the customer service has been lacking, across the board.  I recently came in an hour before they closed (they close 10pm on Saturdays) and they were sure to cut the TV off at 9:50 (wasn't watching it anyway).  But I was appalled when they turned virtually almost every light off in the restaurant, right at 10.  At 9:55, the waiter asked "are you done?" while I was visibly eating my food.
Mind you, they were slow bringing out my mediocre sweet and sour fish soup.  I can do better at home so I won't be getting Vietnamese from there any longer.My favorite vietnamese restaurant in Philadelphia.  Order this and you won't be disappointed: Goi Cuon, Cha Gio, and Broken rice with charbroiled pork.  You'll definitely leave this place like a happy camper.  And the price is ridiculously cheap for the quality and quantity of food you get.  Perfect for a date if you're trying to impress her with Vietnamese food.  The decoration and ambiance are pretty nifty since I've last come here which was in 1995.This has been one of my favorite restaurants of all time and wish I still lived close!! I still come to this restaurant and I highly recommend it. They have hands down the best, cleanest and most delicious Vietnamese dishes I have ever tasted!!!Consistently good food, and a few bucks per item more reasonable than the place across the street. I recommend some of the grilled items--the meats with broken rice are very tasty, especially with the delicious sweet/spicy sauce. Good value!It seems that its arch rival across the street has its devotees, but I am a big fan of Vietnam Palace. I'm not sure what classifies VP as "expensive"... $7 for Pho is only a dollar more than at PHO 75 - not a back breaker for the quality and atmosphere. The most expensive meal on the whole menu (which is as long as a Greek Diner menu) is $12, and the quality of all of their dishes is really top-notch.
The Beef Carpaccio is the unsung hero of the appetizer menu. Amazing stuff, especially along with a staple like the shrimp & pork rolls.
I gave it 4 stars on account of the service - often times, I've had the waiter forget about us for a long spell when we were trying to order or pay. But other than that, I can't ever complain here.Service: We rolled up to the restaurant about 30 heads deep on a Sunday around noon. The hosts were all super nice and gratuitously dealt with our constant nagging for photos to be taken and loud noise. Food came out very quickly and everyone was eating about ten minutes after placing their order(s). Free beer or wine if you check in as well! I was VERY satisfied with the organization and composure presented to myself and my friends by the staff here.
Food: I ordered the pho' ...as I normally do when fighting a hangover from hell. The noodles were a bit thicker than normal, but the meat and broth were on  point. I tried a few of my friends' rice dishes and they also did not disappoint. 
Environment: Nice cozy restaurant with a silent atmosphere.  Lots of traditional decorations make the experience nice and enjoyable. 
I'm not sure where all of the bad reviews come from...great job Vietnam Palace!Compared to the Vietnam restaurant across the street, this one is by far superior.  However, compared to the ones in NY, this one is meh.  Pho here is good, but not great, especially for the price.  You can get pho in NY for cheaper, more, and better.
Prices here in general is about above average for Vietnamese food, whereas the quality is only about average, so it is a little bit overpriced.  However, there aren't that many options to choose from in Philly, so I guess this one will have to do.
The decor here is pretty nice though, not super fancy, but wouldn't be a bad place for a casual date or something.  
Overall, if you need to satisfy a Vietnam cuisine craving and you're in Philly, this place will have to do.Amid the standard and unimpressive Vietnamese Pho shops, Vietnam Palace came a refreshing surprise in taste. I went there with a group of friends, we had several common Vietnamese dishes, including shrimp and pork spring roll, broken rice and vermicelli combo, a steamed fish and a raw beef salad for starter. Although the shrimp and pork rolls were mediocre, the raw beef salad was a true delight. It was very well marinated in lemon juice and went really well with the coriander leaves as well as the sesame seeds. The combo was really delicious, presenting some of the tastiest beef, fried pork wrap and grilled shrimp. All in all, I would give it a five and would go back again. 
Lastly, the place is cheap. I think without drinks, you pay between 15-20 per person incl. tax and tips.It's often just a toss up for me as to whether I should go to Vietnam Palace or Vietnam. Honestly, I feel I could write the same review for both.
This is a pretty dependable place to go for Vietnamese food in Chinatown. I think that this restaurant and the restaurant across the street, Vietnam, are both comparable as far as quality of food and taste.
The main reason I come here is convenience. It's in a great location, right in Chinatown. In fact, this is a great place to run out for lunch and grab a quick bite.
I usually get one of the vermicelli bowls with either spring rolls or char grilled pork. I love the fish sauce that it comes with and usually just empty the sauce into my noodles before I enjoy.
I think the thing that sets Vietnam Palace slightly apart from Vietnam is that the ambience is slightly better here and in my opinion the service is also slightly better. Emphasis on "slightly". In both restaurants, the ambience and service is just fine.I came here for take out, thinking it was Vietnam Restaurant haha...but they were really nice.  I got their pork with rice, and their summer rolls.  Pretty standard, good Vietnamese food.4 stars for the Pho, 1 star for the service.  I've eaten at the place across the street several times and wanted to give this place a shot.  Pho Ga was awesome and even better than Vietnam Restaurant across the street.  But the server was a total jerk.  Surly little fella.  I'd get the food to go, if I was you.  Or eat across the street.  They have pretty great pho also and are super nice.The food was pretty average. The portions are kind of not as large as I'd expect from an Asian restaurant. The tofu roll appetizer was like the Thai style tofu roll. Shocked that they charged for the bowl of rice with the entree!! The menu is too large too.Great food, fabulous bartender, and excellent service. The pho is some of the best I've had in Chinatown. The crispy shrimp rolls come with the tails still attached for easy dunking and the mojito has fresh Ginger added to it. It's all in the details folks!The old joke is that this place shares a kitchen with Vietnam, located right across the street, and that this kitchen below 10th street pumps out the same exact food to each restaurant, except that Vietnam costs about 2 dollars more per dish.
This is why I like Vietnam Palace better.  It is cheaper, and you usually don't have to wait in line to get in.  Now that smoking is banned, it also no longer smells like an underground Vietnamese gambling den.mmmmm pho... Lots of choices, the papaya salad was great, the PHO I'm used to has egg in it, and more various veggies and sauces to add, where this place didn't offer that, but overall my craving was satisfied!Lots of vegetarian options at Vietnam Palace and you can't go wrong with anything you end up choosing, it's all amazing. 
I ended having the vegetarian pad Thai special and the mixed vegetable noodle soup. Both were exceptional. I would definitely go back and next time I would try the tofu spring rolls. Everyone seems to be talking a great deal about them on yelp.Nice but casual Vietnamese food in Chinatown. Full bar - definitely get the lychee martini. Standard array of entrees and soups --- pho, vermicelli, etc. The food isn't as great as some of the places in South Philly, but the location and the ambiance are great for a casual date night or dinner with friends.Disclaimer: I am rating them only on the bar only, not the food. 
Stopped here as part of a cocktail crawl on the way to Trestle Inn. I think I may have found the worst bartender in Philadelphia. After looking at the drink menu, we decided on two "specialty" martinis. 
I wasn't watching while she made the lemon drop, but i did catch her making the ginger martini. The ingredients were clearly labeled on the menu, so imagine my dismay as i watched here pour Popov vodka, ginger ale, and sour mix into the mixer. Did not match the menu description (absolute, Ginger liqueur, sweetened lemon juice ). When i questioned her, she became defensive claiming the menu description was wrong! While she remade the drink, her attitude sucked, and the replacement cocktail tasted like absolute with sour mix. Gave it back to her and asked for a cucumber martini (Hendricks with a cucumber slice; hows that for creative?). 
Frankly, the attitude baffled both of us and luckily its a rarity in my experience. But if they are willing to substitute rail liquor and lower quality ingredients in a cocktail they advertise on the menu as a high-end, $11 cocktail, what else are the subbing? Don't think i want to find out.I  will always go here vs Vietnam across the street. Classic. Great food - great rpice and they actually know how to make a martini!I cant say enough good things about this place.. Great food, ambiance is great, even how they put the food on the plate look great. Affordable, this place has never let me down. Take a cutie pie with you and you're definitely getting some that night...lolAm in town and craving fresh Vietnamese food. Highly recommend this place for a cheap and tasty fix with great service. Pho was authentic, good quality beef and flavourful broth, good helping of sprouts, basil and lime ok the side. Bun with the rice paper roll option was well presented. Loved the free beer with my Yelp check in. Glad we found this place!Have been going here regularly since 2006. Pho noodle soup is good (7/10). Love the mussels in garlic broth on a cold winter's day. Have regular lunch specials Mon-Fri for soups and appetizers. Always play good music overhead and love the decor. Go there regularly and the staff will recongize and appreciate your business. Favorite appetizers are summer rolls, crispy spring rolls and salt battered squid. The mock chicken with curry sauce is a delicious vegetarian alternative. Fish in the claypot is also very good. Not as adventurous? Go for the broken rice combo (which you can also sub certain items in and out) or the fried rice deluxe. I particularly enjoy the the vermicelli combo but is on the more expensive side (but worth it). 
Drinks are hit or miss. Lychee martini is more hit than miss. Can't go wrong with a free beer or glass of wine when you check in on Yelp. Happy hour specials are good.
Definitely prefer the Palace than its competition across the street.I noticed Vietnam Palace's mysterious women logo from blocks away so I decided to see what was inside... 
Visually I enjoyed the bamboo covered interior, but this was lacking in the bar area. I felt like I was visiting any old bar. Overall the inside was very clean and appealing. 
My Pho was tasty but authentic cuisine is tastier, so to me, this is a perfect date spot for those who are more sensitive and afraid to try new things...but want to... There were many interesting and enticing dishes to try; like Catfish in a clay pot, Papaya Salad, and Sate Beef (beef marinated in lemon grass with crushed peanuts, lettuce bean sprouts, mint &  pickle radishes).
The service was quick and helpful, during lunch hours at least and they have a $4 dollar discount if you use the parking garage.The other day I went here with a date because Vietnam, across the street, was closed, and this place was open.  We decided to give it a try because we were committed to the idea of Vietnamese food.  What a mistake!
To start, we had a grilled shrimp appetizer special, and steamed dumplings with shrimp filling.  The dumplings were pretty bad: the filling was too dense, and eating one was like chewing on a massive, rubbery lump of ground-up shrimp.  Because essentially, that's what it was.  Ugh.  Moving on to the shrimp, they were not that big, kind-of charred on one side only (as if it had not been turned over on the grill), but somehow soggy, and the main flavor seemed to be salt.  On the plus side, it was more edible than the dumplings.
Next, I had a bowl of beef pho, and my date had bun with sliced beef.  His beef was really good!  I wish I had ordered it.  That beef is the reason this place gets two stars, instead of just one.  The pho was only OK.  There's actually not that much more I can think to say about it,  which I don't think is a good sign.
After we got the check, the waiter informed us that they had taken a couple of dollars off of the shrimp, because they were out of the jumbo ones they usually grill, and apparently had just grilled whatever ones they had on hand.  Ummm...thanks for letting us know?  Shouldn't you maybe have told us you were out when we ordered, or at least, before, you know, serving it to us?  So we could maybe get something else instead?  Instead of the crap you served us?This place was ok. The food wasn't that good but the service and the ambience made up for it. Maybe I am spoiled by all the good Vietnamese restaurants in south Philly and in VA but I found the food here kind of awful. I came here a few days ago on a date with my bf and I ordered the Crispy spring rolls and the beef pork-chop with rice. The crispy spring rolls were too Crispy and didn't have any flavor. I felt like I was eating cardboard. My entree wasn't that much better. My pork-chop was too sweet and the rice was mushy. I had high hopes for this place but they let me down. Three stars because our waiter was awesome and it looks so beautiful in thereI have loved all the food I tried - short ribs, salads, pho, curry, pad thai, etc. The lychee martini, Vietnamese mojito & 33 beer are great specialties there too. I will return - it's delicious!!!!!Approximately as good as the restaurant across the street (Vietnam Palace), but without the same quality spring rolls, I'd say the service here is less rushed and it's often less busy than the counterpart across the street.
We came with a group of eleven, and were seated pretty quickly. Food came out quickly after ordering, too, but I can't remember any dish that stood out.
If only for speed, this place beats Palace across the street, but if you want something that makes your taste buds water, then I'd go elsewheres.I only go if the wait at Vietnam is too long. It's good . Really but I like Its neighbor more. They are less expensive. The food is always ok.We really enjoyed it. We had some a crab tomato soup that was awesome. It's on the spicy side but I like that! Also we had a chicken & veggie pho soup that was good & a Broken rice dish with spare ribs. That dish was good though the beef still has the bones attached which made it harder to eat. It was on the spicy side too so be careful! But really good!Had the Beef vermicelli ($9). The beef tasted exceptionally good, but unfortunately there wasn't a lot of it. Also disappointing was the lack of vermicelli noodles. They should triple the amount of vermicelli to make the dish actually worth it (the marginal cost is minimal, so I don't know why they are so stingy with them). There are some restaurants south of Washington that are better overall on the food side of the equation. 
The waiter never refilled our waters.
The interior of this place looks really nice though. 
Food Quality/Taste =  4/5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2/5 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 5 StarsHad the chicken Pho, amazing!! Great service. Check it out is you are near the convention center.I don't know if it is my pallet that has changed and wants more or if they changed and quality went down. 
The menu has definitely had an overhaul with some items now gone. 
The beef stuff grape leaves were still good but everything else seemed to be more like Chinese restaurant dishes with a lot of thick gloppy sauces and not the spicy delicate flavors I remember.I love the food here. I am very picky about my Vietnamese food, having lived in 2 areas with large Vietnamese immigrant communities (Albuquerque & New Orleans), I have been exposed to a lot of Vietnamese food. This one suits my palate better than any other in the Philly area. & the service is fantastic - always friendly & prompt. I highly recommend!This place is "alright". I wouldn't rave about it but I also don't hate it either.
The summer rolls are made a little bit messy, they were loose and fell apart as I was eating them but the sauce that came with it was good. The pork was a bit over cooked and quite chewy
The pho was good but I wasn't the biggest fan of the broth, it needed more beef flavors. I loaded it up with sriracha and jalapeno to give it somewhat more flavor.
The pork chops were probably the best dish we got, they were cooked well but not enough lettuce on the side to make pork chop wraps (which I love doing)I was a loyalist to Vietnam, across the street, until I went here for lunch the other day. 
Has all that Vietnam has to offer, but also has a surprisingly delicious yellow curry and other saucy sauteed dishes that have more of a thai influence, but can really round out a meal. 
Plus, I went there with my father who was in a wheelchair and all the staff were really helpful navigating some tight turns and making sure our table was well positioned for his chair.Although we wanted to go to Vietnam restaurant,it was closed :( so we ended up going here and it was very good food !!!OK so I am learnig as I go but this place is really very good and exceptionally well priced.  Got the Vermicelli which is a huge bowl of thin noodles with as much stuff as you can put in it.  Crispy chicken, egg rolls, shrimp, vegetables and the like.  This is wonderfully good and filling yet light.  Ill explore more but was very happyTHE WORST dining experience, and unfortunately on the night of my graduation. I discussed with Tracey before hand to settle a 3 apps, 2 entrees and 1 veggie menu lineup for $32 for a 29 ppl banquet. 5 Graduates with families flown in from Somali, Kenya, China, Ghana to celebrate this moment and unfortunately were treated poorly. 
I emphasized several times to have No pork or squid in any dishes because of religion and allergies. And of course, the first app was shrimp and pork! (WTF) The dishes were sent back, and the rest of the 2 apps arrived. For a total of 27 attendees, they served only 5 plates (each of double a la carte portions) to the entire group. At this moment, the kitchen was so desperate to throw food out there, they even served 3 plates for the second app and about 8 people did not even get a lick of that. 20 minutes later, the other 2 LOST plates of the 2nd apps arrives awkwardly. 
The waaaiiiittt beginnsss.....we waited for 40 minutes for the entrees to arrive after the app. At this point, all you foodies should know under basic restaurant etiquette soo many rules have been broken, the pork; the half served dishes; the incredibly embarrassing wait, wondering if any food's gonna make it here before we starved to death.
First entree arrives, pan-fried seafood noodles. Okay...remember the pork deal, now its the squid too. NO PORK OR SQUID! I just died when i saw those white lil curly things in there. The two things I've begged the restaurant to avoid has all been thrown my way. FML. 2nd entree was a beef basil. I would LOVE to tell you it was delicious, but guess what, about 5, 6 guests did not even get a bite of that! The portions were sooo stingy it was embarrassing. I ended up asking for white rice for the beef and the rice, like everything else...arrives fashionably late when the beef's almost gone. So....just like that, a graduation dinner turns into a night of guests stuffing themselves on white rice because of the lack of food. I asked Tracey to serve up another 3 plates of beef because everyone feels we did not get our money's worth with the bad food and lack of attention. Mind you, not only was I REJECTED, I was told to pay for the original plan of 29 ppl instead of the 27 ppl that actually made it. I explained that the 2 ppl missed their flights and for 27 ppl, the food was not enough, so I'm DEFINITELY not going to pay for 29 portions when the rest 27 are starving. 
Sigh....I tried really hard to make everyone happy, again...reality is quite a bitch. For my four other graduating friends and myself, this was not what we wanted and expected. It was a mentally exhaustive, embarrassing, awkward, and upsetting night. Gladly, the conversation and company made up for the shittiness of the restaurant. 
I will NEVER return to that land of unprofessionalism, rip-off and just purely bad business standards.This was a recommendation by a friend and it didn't let me down. I usually stick to pho since I love it so much but tried the Summer Rolls and Beef Cubes Sate for my entree. I've had more flavorful Summer Rolls elsewhere so my only comment for those are "meh". The Beef Cubes Sate was tasty and the serving size was perfect for me. I'd definitely eat here again if I'm in Philly.The prices are very reasonable, the food is fresh, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I have never had Vietnamese food before. My first visit I tried a bunch of appetizers and had the lemongrass chicken. Very tasty. The second visit, I had the Stir Fried Wide Noodles with Sate Beef. The sauce was delicious and had tons of veggies, which was nice. The drinks are nice and pretty strong, I only needed one martini and i was good to go. The only downside is the parking, make sure that you arrive a bit early to circle a few times if you have a set dinner time.This place has a similar menu to Vietnam Restaurant across the street, possibly slightly cheaper. What does differentiate it from it's neighbor is the amazing Wonton Soup. You are probably thinking that this is the most boring soup in existence, BUT they make it so incredibly tasty, with delicious broth, loads of cilantro and chinese broccoli, and yummy pork and shrimp dumplings. We can also always count on the Deluxe vermicelli dish for a hot/cold/smokey/sweet dinner.LOVE this place:
Drinks:
Coconut Juice (so good with chunks of coconut inside)
Lychee martini - very nice, girly, and strong 
Food: I always get the charbroiled pork with whatever: broken rice or vermicelli - it's always a hit
I think it's their best food. I also like the spring rolls and the pork meatballs as appetizers. I come here at least once every two months.I recently went to Vietnam Palace with my friend because we wanted to stray from our usual restaurants. The atmosphere was different from what I am used to experiencing in Vietnamese restaurant. It looked way fancier than it really was. 
The service was quick and our waiter was very helpful. His suggestion of the lycee martini was appreciated. I loved it! It was very refreshing. We split an entree of the tofu summer rolls. They were standard summer rolls served with that delicious peanut sauce. For dinner, I got pork bun with spring rolls. The pork was cooked perfectly. The quality of it was unlike any other bun. You could tell they took their time in selecting their meat. Their portions aren't as big as other places. I felt like I got a little stiffed on the portion to cost ratio.Best Vietnamese in Philly, hands down.
I know precisely why this place consistently scores worse than Vietnam Restaurant across the street: it's not as "pretty" (the owners have updated some of the decorations but it doesn't have the hip feel of VR). Also, it features authentic flavors: hot, sweet, sour, grilled, smoky. VR does not--it features the Vietnamese equivalent of American Chinese take-out: tamed ghosts of flavors that used to exist.
Back to the Palace.
I've been coming to this place since 2001, and I've seen its transformation from hole-in-the-wall to better-heeled. That being said, there are three things that keep me coming back, when normally I'm difficult to please: impeccably fresh and tasty food every single time, exceptionally cheerful, polite wait staff, and a fantastic value for your dollar.
Whether you're new to Viet food or a seasoned pro, you'll find something here for you. Their spring rolls are fantastic and a great way to ease nervous eaters in: everyone loves them. The crepe is also awesome (ground pork, shrimp, and bean sprouts). I almost always get the raw beef and lime: tender, perfectly spiced, and amazing on a hot day.
For mains, they also have plenty to please: their bo luc lac is fantastic (tender cubes of seasoned tenderloin), as is their salt-battered seafood (a mix of shrimp, scallops, and squid in an air-light crust), whole fried fish, and just about anything in a clay pot (I usually urge my vegetarian friends to try the eggplant in clay pot--delicious). If it's something cold and refreshing you crave, try the bun (layered rice noodles, salad, herbs, and grilled meats), especially the "vermicelli deluxe".
For soups, prepare to share: the portions are massive (not even my dad could polish a whole bowl off). Tripe pho is super tasty, as is the roast pork and wonton soup (my go-to on a blustery winter day).
Desserts are fairly limited, but all very good: try the coconut ice cream, the taro pudding, or the fabulous rainbow ice.
They have a full bar (the lychee cocktail is very tasty), but I don't tend to get alcohol when I'm here, short of a beer. I tend to go for the Thai iced tea or the Vietnamese coffee, both of which are awesome.
Give these guys a try. Be a little open-minded and step out of your comfort zone. I think you'll find that you've discovered a new comfort food in its own right.Vietnam palace is my favorite Vietnamese food spot in the city. Their beef carpaccio, beef short ribs, and salt battered seafood are among my favorite dishes. The restaurant does a good job of mixing traditional Vietnamese worth more modern fusion type flavors so it's great for all cultures. That said, I prefer the pho at other restaurants.
For sweet treats, I recommend trying the avocado shake and the warm taro dessert. So delicious!Surprisingly this place can makes a good  Mai tai drink. It's not a typical bar that you would expected its $7-8 per drink. A 7 course beef is a must try item, it comes with a nice white flours wrap that you dip in a hot water to soft it up and wrap it with lettuce, mint,....etc and beef. If you don't like fish sauce just try it  first to see if you can handle it . Vermicelli deluxe also recommend it comes with shrimp, pork, spring roll and a whole bunch of lettuce. A safe dish to order is Pho ( beef noodle soup ) I love the broth it made perfectly. Short rip dish is incredibly tasty , the beef is so tender and well marinated you can get it with brown or white rice.
Black been stir fired is also delicious , it can be really spicy if you can handle the hotness. 
Pad Thai is not a great idea to get, the texture of the noodle and the ingredient is not well come together- hey what do you expect? it's Vietnamese restaurant. 
Recommend : rainbow ice ( dessert drink ) really awesome ! If you are the kind of person prefers dessert before your meal like me.  
The service is good fast and friendly folks.
Over all for the food I vote for 3.5 stars and service is 4.Love this place!  Best value in Chinatown!  The prices are great and the food is even better!  My favorite is the Bun which is rice vermicelli with your choice of charbroiled chicken, shrimp or pork.  I also like the vegetarian spring rolls with the yummy dipping sauce.  This place offers a Great value and Excellent food.  Vietnam restaurant, which is across the street is good too, but there are always long lines, slow service and higher prices there.  I'll take the Palace anyday!Food is excellent and CHEAP. I don't mind dropping $$ on a lychee martini (which was delicious) when my entree is $10! This place looks (and tastes) much more expensive than it is.Ok since this place didn't have "Pho" in its name I'm not going to score it on Pho... Otherwise I'd score it a 2 start. So I'll score it based on the item that's NOT Pho, the Vermicelli noodles for spring roles($13)... In which case... I STILL give it a 2 star. 
If this is the best Phili has to offer then I feel sorry for the Vietnamese of this city (the Americans don't know any better; I don't think the people here know what good Vietnamese food is).  
Here are some critiques:
The Pho soup is priced way higher than what was offered in terms of quality& quantity.
The tendons etc. in the "dac biet pho" soup was tougher and chewier than should be.
The rare beef in the soup was totally cooked when it arrived at the table, which shouldn't have been the case. 
The vermicelli noodle dish were supposed to be 'Banh Hoi' style as the waiter stated but wasn't even the case - or they took a shortcut about it.
And did i mention the bowls were totally smaller than the price suggests?
Overall it doesn't deserve its current high rating unless it's a Phili scale that I'm not used to.  I'm using a California scale, and there this place would not exist for long.
The only solace was that, by calling itself a 'palace', it's saying a lot about what a std household Vietnamese food is, cuz if theirs is "a palace" then the typical food made in a California Vietnamese's house must be heavenly!I've eaten at Vietnam Palace several times (at least 7) over the past 2 or so years and up till this point have really enjoyed the food & atmosphere here. Many good times and has always been consistent, until now.
I came here on a Tuesday & Wednesday night while working nearby. On the wednesday visit, while the food was it's usually very tastyness, I discovered a fairly large insect (cockroach) in my drink. I understand it may be hard to control a stray in the city but it was in my water and I had already drank it and was eating the ice when I discovered the little guy.
They seemed concerned and offered me a free drink which I accepted, Leeche Martini (delicious) however I think that was hardly enough to prevent me from feeling not taken care of.  I think a round of drinks for my table and my meal removed from the bill would have been a sincere apology.  In addition, after I informed them of the bug issue and they presented the drink, the wait staff was quite scarce around my table, furthering the feeling that we were not receiving good service.
Oh well, lack of proper service, cleanliness prompted this review and I think I'll take a hiatus from here for awhile now.   The Chinese place across the street, while doesnt have a bar, is super delicious as well.