First time and we'll be back!  Great food, service and atmosphere.  The clams casino, duck confit, truffle fries and goat cheese flatbread were all standouts.A group of friends and I decided to try the Village Belle as one of us had a living social coupon. We arrived at noon for brunch to find it completely empty, this should have been our first hint. The ambiance is very nice as is the location.
We sat down and one of the people in my party found a dead fly in their water glass. The waitress was very apologetic and got our drink orders right away. Coffee was lukewarm and served with milk, so we had to ask for half and half which seemed odd.  
We were handed the menus, which are pretty limited for a brunch. What we noticed was that there were very few basic breakfast items, rather mostly fancy sounding dishes like crespelle and gravlax. Options like omlettes and pancakes were nowhere to be found.
I ordered a basic egg breakfast but was slightly annoyed that it was $8 for two eggs, hash browns and toast, however if I wanted a side of meat (bacon, sausage, etc), it was $5 extra. Condamints are served with a nice presentation but no pepper to go with the salt?
The food came in a timely manner but one order was wrong. The right dish was brought quickly but part of it was still not what as asked for. Overall the food was very subpar considering the prices. My dish was decent but nothing spectacular (hash browns are very good). One person said the frittata was bland and did not taste fresh (seems to be a common complaint in other reviews), another said the crespelles were also bland, yet another said they could not taste the marscapone in the French toast and the pecan brittle was very hard to chew and seemed old. The veggie panini, however was very good.
The total bill was $83, but even with the living social discount we still felt it was not worth the quality of food. We don't mind paying for good food, but this was very overpriced. Maybe they should stick with more of the basics instead of trying to make complicated dishes that lack flavor.
We will not be back, next time we will wait the hour to eat at the Green Eggs Cafe.Good food, and great service. The calamari were cooked perfect. The bar makes a mean Manhattan. I would go back to try brunch. A nice little neighborhood spot.I really wanted to like this place, but it just wasn't meant to be.  
The decor looks great from the outside, and the long dark wood bar is truly beautiful.  We started there for drinks- I had a vodka cocktail with ginger and pear which was delicious - and I wish we'd stayed on our stools.  
On closer inspection, the dining room is not as nice as it looks, the chairs and booths look and feel fairly cheap.  We had 2 appetizers and 2 entrees and the food was a mix of over cooked/underseasoned and just plain unmemorable.I'm a food snob.  When we go out to a restaurant we pick apart every aspect of the meal and the restaurant like an episode of chopped.  It is rare that we sit and find everything in its rightful place.
Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Prompt, informative, perfectly timed waiter/waitresses.  Great ambiance, music, people and scenery.  Sophisticated but not stuffy or pretentious.
Food was outstanding!  Everything in a perfect harmony dancing on my plate.  Looked great - tasted even better.  This has become my new favorite restaurant and bar.  Great for groups, couples sitting alone at the bar.
The food really sets the Village Bell apart.
Mariano
Food Blogger - La Cucina di Gigi on FacebookFull disclosure: #1- I want to give this place a 3.75, but I always round down to the lowest whole number.  #2- This place suffers from expectations for me, as Market Table was a block away from my old apt in nyc & I had some great meals both there and at Little Owl.  Read my yelp review of Little Owl if you wanna know what I'm talking about.
Actual review:  Ambiance is nice enough, dining area not as cozy as the aforementioned 2 nyc spots where big bro works.  Bar  area is nice.  Service- pleasant and enthusiastic in my experience, though not completely spot on (minor stuff: entree mix up at the table when serving, having to come back to confirm wine order after order was placed, etc).  Food: started with the tomato basil risotto w/ burrata & had the cod served on top of escarole & beans, topped off with a thin disc of pancetta.  Affogato to cap it off.  Also, sampled the sausage ravioli appetizer, the pastelles crepes (homeboys take on manicotti- tomato sauce was so good! wouldve liked some more of it though !), & the apple dessert served with cinnamon gelato.  No extreme hits and misses.  Just really solid all around, but nothing memorable that I'll be thinking about a month from now.. Gun to my head, if asked what stood out I'd say bites of the risotto with the burrata were really, really good & the bites of the crepes that had enough of the sauce on them were the highlights of the meal.  
I walked out of this restaurant thinking, this place is good, but there's a reason new york is the mecca.I have been wanting to check out Village Belle since it opened and thanks to a Living Social deal, I finally made it happen.  I am a little mad at myself for not going in sooner but I will definitely be back!  
We started at the bar while waiting for the whole party to arrive and enjoyed some of the happy hour specials - wine, meatball sliders and oysters.  It was a nice way to start off the evening and wind down from a long week of work.  In the course of sitting there chatting and waiting for our last friend who was stuck in traffic, we mentioned to the manager (?) that we would be late for our scheduled time and he told us that when she arrived, she could pull up right out front and park for free in the valet zone.  Little did he know that she had been on the road for over 2 hours and is pregnant.  This bit of news was so wonderful to her tired ears - it also set the tone for the kind of service we were to experience the rest of the evening.  
Dinner was tasty.  We started with some appetizers that weren't as good as the main entrees but the truffle-parmesan fries are not toe missed.  We also ordered the crispy artichokes which had too strong a lemon flavor for me and the hummus which came with pita and veggies and was too dry and the texture wasn't smooth like I typically like it to be.  Don't get me wrong though, I still tried them both! 
Main dishes were seafood all around and one vegetarian dish.  I had the striped bass which came with rice and was quite delicious.  I cleaned my plate...literally.  I was happy that they offered the vegetarian menu for my friends who are non-meat eaters.  It made it a great place for all of us.  
Dessert - 4 ice cream sandwiches, thank-you-very-much.  SO GOOD....SO BIG....definitely shareable but we all had one to ourselves anyway! 
We will definitely be back to Village Belle.  I am really happy that there are so many deals out there that are getting people (me) out of there normal routines with their old stand-by eateries and heading out to new spots.I went in for "birthday" brunch with two other girl friends on a Sunday around 12:30.  There was no wait which was nice, but I think is a red flag.  I expect to wait for a table for amazing brunch.  The experience was average.  
For starters the waiter may have been drugged.  He was so slow, not just in service, but all of his reactions seemed delayed it was odd.  He never checked back to offer coffee refills.  When our food arrived we did not even have place settings, we stared at our food for a good five minutes before we even saw another server to flag down.  Worse our server placed one of our orders wrong!  My lactose intolerant food received food smothered with cheese!  So we had to eat with out her while her dish was prepared again.  That whole ordeal was handled by the waitress we flagged down for silverware, she did not apologize, and neither did our actual waiter when he finally came over a good while later and noticed she did not have food.  
The food was blah, nothing memorable.  I also can't say that there was anything else on the menu that made me feel intrigued to come back to try somthing else.  I had the Tortilla Espanola.  It is a frittata with potato and onion, piled with fresh arugula and spanish cured ham, also some where in there is suppose to be a pesto aioli.  I don't think mine got the pesto aioli at all or it was the blandest pesto I did not even notice it.  The frittata was boring, no seasoning to it at all.  We were interested in dessert but our waiter never even offered, and since were all underwhelmed we did not push it.  We had told him it was my friends birthday, but still no dessert pitch!
The atmosphere is great, it's right off of the park along front street.  Maybe brunch is not their forte, but after my experience I am not sure it's worth giving dinner a shot!I needed a break from the grind of my fall semester, and my boyfriend suggested trying out the village belle for dinner and drinks. When we walked in, we were immediately greeted at the front door with a smile! The ambiance was cozy but festive, and the restaurant had a beautiful crimson glow from inside. I was able to taste three different wines before settling on a delicious red Sauvignon, and the waiter brought over a yummy bread with tapenade to dip. He was personal, knowledgeable of the food, and was there for anything we needed without being too pushy. I got the squash gnocchi, and my boyfriend had the pork chop, with clams casino as an app. I was blown away by the clams, and the gnocchi was even better! Not to thick, melted in your mouth, and had pine nuts sprinkled across the top. The pork chop was tender on the inside and crisp on the outside... And after one bite we both agreed it was the best pork chop we'd ever had. My wine glass was always full, and they kept the miller lights coming for my boyfriend. I got exactly what I was looking for... Relaxing evening, outstanding food, and amazing night all around. We just found our new favorite spot in South Philly. Kudos!!!Two of my girl friends and I went to Village Belle for their Prix Fixe dinner on Valentine's Day. We had quite a treat. The ambiance was agreeable and not over-the-top romantic, although all the staff wore red accents, which I thought was simply festive.
There is a coat check and a bar to wait at while we briefly waited for our table. The hostess was sweet, but she was clearly new - excusable since the management (at least it seemed like management) stepped in and assisted.
Once we got to our table, we were offered a wine/drink list and the prix fixe menu which had fewer options than the one posted online. Perhaps an error that was remedied after I viewed it a couple of weeks ago, but I'm not sure. Still there was at least a choice for entrees (third course).
We first enjoyed home-made foccacia bread and green olive tapenade (delicious!) with olive oil before our parmesan and spinach baked oysters (3) arrived. All were delicious and just the right size.
For the second course, we enjoyed lump crab meat ravioli with carrots in a beurre blanc. Although it was more orange in color, it was also delicious! One of the several servers or runners handling our table (there were at least 4, although it was not overwhelming) even asked if we would like to keep our plates when we requested more bread. Yes! Of course, our "sawce" was delicious. This guy knew what was up.
The third course was a choice between red snapper and filet mignon with sides of lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus. I chose the filet (MR) which lacked a little something in the seasoning - it was a little peppery and dry on the outside - still the temperature was perfect. I also made a special request to avoid the lobster in the potatoes (I'm allergic). I only expected them to omit the potatoes. Instead I found they had made a special batch of regular mashed for me.  The server who took our order carefully watched that the runner delivered my plate to me.
The fourth and final course was a chocolate pot de creme with espresso mousse and a "tuxedo" strawberry (aka a chocolate covered strawberry with touches of white chocolate to dress it up in a tux). This was by far the most delicious example of chocolate decadence I've had in quite some time. Well done, Village Belle!
Delicious, warm, inviting, friendly, and reasonably priced for 4 courses ($45 menu plus a bottle of wine for our table was $61 before gratuity). A good new addition to Queen Village.I had been wanting to go to Village Belle since I moved into the neighborhood a few months back.  I purchased a living social deal and went on a Friday night. It has an ample amount of outdoor seating and we got a spot outside without a wait.  
The service was attentive and pleasant.  The beer selection was OK.  If it were a restaurant outside of philly the beer list might be impressive but considering nearly every place in the city has an impressive list these days, this one was simply OK. 
For an appetizer we had the calamari which was good.  Not the best I've ever had.  When I return I'd probably go with the meatball appetizer as I've heard its really good.  I don't know why we selected the calamari, but we still enjoyed it.  
As for entrees, I had the rigatoni and my wife had scallops and shrimp.  We both really enjoyed our dishes.  I was a big fan of the rigatoni and it will probably be my go to dish. 
The prices were a little on the high end.  18-25 for entrees.  But considering we got a couple beers, an appetizer, and 2 entrees and our bill was $75, it wasnt too bad. 
I really enjoyed the experience and will be back.I really liked the vintage vibe of Village Belle.  The lounge singer, the coordinated (both in terms of motor skills and clothing) waitstaff, and the cool red upholstery and wood paneling really did it for me.  If I had been here with my significant other, I probably would have danced in between courses.  (No one else was, but the singer kept hinting that we were welcome to do so-- cool!)    But alas-- I was here in a group of six girls, so no slow-dancing.
Aesthetics aside, the food was really good too.  The menu excited me-- it was well-balanced, with lots of appealing options.  Everyone tried the meatball sliders, which were yummy.  Then I had the chicken liver mousse (yum! and fun presentation) and the lamb chop (also yum! nice sides! perfectly cooked!).  Vintage Belle is an interesting place with excellent food and service, check it out!Came here for dinner on a Thursday evening. Pretty quiet, but the city's been pretty quiet anyway as of late. 
Sat outside on the side; awesome view of the Delaware. 
We ended up bringing our own wine, which they immediately popped open for us. (Cool thing about that place, if you call ahead and ask, they don't mind at all. At least from what I experienced. Who knows on another night if that won't be the case.)
Got the Taleggio and Fig flatbread to start. A little lackluster. I love Taleggio cheese, and I guess the promise of the fig lead me to believe that it would be jammy and luscious and figgy-ness everywhere. Not the case. (I'm sure they weren't) but the figs had the same quality as slightly underripe raw figs; it gave more of a texture rather than a flavor to the flatbread. The wilted arugula it was presented on helped when heaped on top to give some sort of flavor. But, on to dinner!
Got the cioppino; so much seafood, so delicious. What threw me was the pasta with the dish. It might be because I'm used to cioppinos coming in just a broth, like a bouillabaisse, but it just didn't need the pasta. Plus it was angel hair. I feel like even Mr. Batali would have an issue with cooking angel hair pasta. Duck confit looked great though, didn't try any, but did sample the poached pear, and it was wine-soaked and awesome. 
Did get the brussel sprouts with CRANBERRIES!? Genius. So so delicious. Not over or under done, but just right; I would have had to fight Goldilocks off, they were so just right. 
No dessert, no time. They were closing up, and who likes to be the last table anywhere  anyway, keeping the servers there all night? Plus service was friendly and great.Village Belle was delicious. My wife and I went there for Sunday brunchfor brunch and were highly pleased at the food, decor, and service. Oh and the drinks were ok too! we will definately return for dinner..I was pleasantly surprised after brunch @ village belle today .
All the yelp reviews were for dinner so we really didn't have anything to go off. 
We arrived to a near empty restaurant. We sat in a window seat not completely outside as we wanted to booze it up.
I ordered the bell ringer which was delish - a gin based cocktail with st. germaine, muddled oranges and a sugar cube. The balance of flavors worked well and it was quite refreshing.
The boy got a troeg and we looked over the menu.
The brunch menu isn't very large a few savory items and one or two sweet options . Most items contained some type of meat so this place isn't very veggie friendly.
A fresh fruit plate was given gratis .
Based on the recommendation of our server I decided on the banana stuffed French toast. ( it was either that or the dolce risotto )
added an order of home fries as well.
Other half got the burger and "fries"( crispy frie like shoestrings)
the home fries were bomb! Sauted oinions and peppers were a great compliment my only concern was the serving size the portion was a little small and since I enjoyed them I def wish there were more.
The French toast was everything that I expected it to be crispy ,buttery and sweet crust . The stuffing was a little on the rich side but great none the less.
Chris said his burger was good cooked the way he requested and flavorful. He wanted to get the steak and eggs but it rings in a little overpriced ($22.00 for a 10 oz steak and two eggs)
we both agreed that brunch was a hit and maybe would come back for dinner.3 1/2.  I'm torn with this review . . . the rest of my supper club seemed to enjoy the dinner more than I did, so I will disclaim with that.  
I think part of my discontent might have been our proximity to the Sinatra singer, as the volume made it difficult to talk to my dining companions.  I also think I went into Village Belle with a very different image in my head.  The name Village Belle conjured up a cozy, small queen villagey feeling restaurant. Village Belle is neither cozy nor small.
The food, however, was good and I thought very well priced.  We started with the sliders, which everyone did seem to enjoy.  I had the cappellini which I very much enjoyed; it was overflowing with ample frutti di mare.  The wine list is also fairly vast, and includes a very welcoming price range.  
To echo some other reviews; I think this is a better date than group spot.Went here on a LivingSocial  pasta-making deal. Chef Lou is absolutely hilarious and a genuinely down-to-earth guy. The entire staff are hilarious from Val and Dennis to the sous chef in back.  
First thing they brought for us to nosh on were the meatball sliders. Oh my! Seriously, now I understand the fascination with meatballs in Philly--I'm from the South so meatballs aren't something we seek out. I had four of them and seriously was trying to figure out how to weasel another one out but decided to save room for the dinner they were serving us.  If I had had an old lady purse and some napkins I would have snuck some for home or lunch the next day.
We learned how to make cavatelli and gnocchi and Lou's mother was on hand--very nice lady. She taught us a few of her tricks too. Then, we sat down to eat gnocchi and cavatelli. The gnocchi came in this amazing mushroom cream sauce, which Lou gave us the recipe for, and I am still thinking about all the food it would be good on top of. He said that it does feature in a couple of the dishes on the menu but not with gnocchi which my table suggested he might think about.  The cavatelli came in a red sauce which was just as good. Oh, and the salad we had beforehand was amazing too.
It's not the biggest restaurant in the world but it's really nice and the staff are amazing, not to mention the neighborhood. I'm not sure if you can sit outside and eat yet but I did hear them talking about getting approval for outdoor seating. I've already planned a work party to come here in May so I'll write another review then as an update.  But, all I can think is that Lou and The Village Belle are only going to get bigger and better from here.Went there for brunch this morning to try a new place in the neighborhood.  It was exactly what we wanted; good food, reasonable prices and good brunch cocktails.  We sat outside and, despite its proximity to 95, it was a very quiet and relaxing meal.  The service was great, not so fast that we felt rushed out of there, but also no so slow that we were starving once our food got there.  My fiance had been to Village Belle once before for dinner and he said the prices were a little higher, but the food was just as good for dinner as for brunch.  I would definitely recommend it.Inviting spot for a cozy and enjoyable meal. We've been a few times now for dinner and I've enjoyed every meal. The pasta dishes are great. Cavatelli was my favorite. For appetizers the Gravy Meatball Sliders are a must. Red, white, & blue is a solid appetizer as well. The sides are pretty straight forward, nothing special, but done well. I do enjoy their truffle-parmigiano fries. All in al it is a bit on the pricey side and not a place I'd go for a quick bite, but overall worth the experience.
Service is attentive and pleasant.
If I had any gripe, it would just be the parking situation, but I think that's just a general problem for the area.I went to Village Belle on Sunday with my family for brunch. Everything was excellent. From the delicious coffee with fresh cream and raw sugar cubes to the Eggs Benedict (they had a different name that I forget and were served on cheese biscuits with greens and pancetta) awesome! We met the chef Joe and had an all around wonderful meal. Thanks Village Belle, you have new regulars for Sunday Brunch:)A very solid 4 stars.
We dined last night as part of a large (11 people) private group with a set menu.
Mr. Pete at the bar is a love, and kept the Prosecco & Chambord flowing.
He also made virgin "bikini cocktails" for my 7 year old.  
Michael is terrifc and got the little one some non-truffled fries and chicken fingers - which she (of course) enjoyed.
For the grownups, crispy artichokes were punchy with lemon - delish - but the plain arugula bed they lay on was boring and bitter.
Entrees were much better with a luscious campanele pasta with a rich mushroom sauce.  The chicken, served with tasty brussels sprouts (I'm a fan!) was delighfully presented.  Our friends had the fish which also looked great.
We could not stay for the dessert course - but we will be back - and hopefully soon.
This would bve a great place for a party or private event.
Fantastic waitstaff (Dennis, you rock!).
Accomodating, friendly and fun.I stumbled upon this place in the summer and got lured in by their beautiful outdoor seating and some good cocktails.  I've been trying to find a chance to go back for brunch or dinner ever since and finally made it on Sunday.
I'm sold on this place because it is so cute and sunny on the inside.  I love how it's all windows.  They bring you salt and jam in tiny little baskets.  Adorable.  The service was good, but from the hostess not our waiter.  She seemed to be checking on our table more than he did.   
I really want to like the food here but it was just kind of boring and expensive for what it was.  I got a frittata that was good but nothing special.  I could have made it as well as they did (kind of alarming). 
If I'm going to spend $11-$12 a brunch entree then I'd rather go up the road to Farmicia where the whole brunch experience is much better.This is just a review for brunch.  I went on a Sunday with a friend, around 11:30.  It was a lovely day so we sat outside.  There's lots of outdoor seating.  It was relatively empty which was nice.  It always seems kind of impossible to get brunch unless you want to wait 30 minutes or get there super early, but not so at Village Belle.  Our waiter was very pleasant and attentive.  I had a mimosa which had fresh squeezed orange juice.  My friend had this beer/bloody mary drink which was really good, and I don't usually like bloody mary's.  For my entree I had the crespelles.  They are really think crepes filled with eggs, bacon, and cheese.  The default was american, but american cheese freaks me out so I asked for fontina instead.  I was told they were pre-made, so I said no problem, but then the waiter came back and said if we didn't mind waiting a little longer they would make me some with fontina.  They were delicious and covered with some marinara sauce which was a great combination.  I'll definitely be back for dinner.I had high hopes for this place, but the dining experience was just average.  The restaurant was full, and way too noisy to easily have a conversation over our small table for two.  The service was amateur with random waiters coming to our table with other people's orders.  We also opted for a tasting of four dishes from the appetizer menu, and they arrived all at once, crowding our little table.  The ravioli were awesome, but everything else was just, well it was just ok.  Oddly, there were no specials on a Saturday night.I was fortunate enough to have attended The Great Meatball Match-up last year and the Village Belle had won first place for their outstanding meatballs, which are served slider style, covered in tomato gravy on a mini hard crusted garlic bun, so delicious!
We finally decided to visit their restaurant, which is located right next to a beautiful park and beyond that, awesome views of Penn's Landing, the water front and the Moshulu ( which is the oldest four masted ship still afloat, that also serves as a fine dining restaurant). Wall sized windows allow you to take in the beautiful views while dining.
Now, the Village Belle is very casual and not fine dining, yet the dining is very fine, indeed. Two brothers from Queen's Village own the restaurant and have the famous Little Owl and Marketplace restaurants in NYC. The chef/owner, Louis Campanaro dishes up traditional as well as very innovative bold flavored Mediterranean cuisine.
The gorgeous 26 foot bar is one solid piece of mahogany, built in the early 1900's and fills the lounge area, which welcomes you as you enter along with antique lights.
The dining area I would describe as retro, with shiny metal tables and chairs of which the latter is padded with bright red vinyl seats, there are also a few very high backed and very comfortable booths which match the surrounding tables, we came mid afternoon on a Sunday and there was only one other table seated, plus a few at the bar, so we were able to score one of the large booths right beside the large windows.
The bartender/hostess/server is the exact duplicate of our last CM, accept for the color of her eyes, I kept wanting to call her Felicia! Because we were there between lunch and dinner we were able to order from either menu, even though the dinner menu offers you both small or large portions for many of their entrees. 
Michael ordered the house made tagliatelle with a rich and tasty bolognese sauce, the only meatballs we saw on the menu came as the famous slider style, but hubs inquired as to whether he could add meatballs to his pasta and they were more than happy to oblige. The smaller portion would have been ten dollars, but he was hungry, so he went with the nineteen dollar portion, was was extremely generous. I'm not sure how much more it was to add the meatballs.
Now, I don't order such things as spaghetti and meatballs out, because I often make them at home, but this is what he was hungry for, so who am I to argue. I think the price was a bit steep, but for homemade pasta, great sauce and Philadelphia's "best" meatballs, why not?
I started with the meatball sliders and the truffle-parmigiano frites, which was a large bowl of some of the best frites I have ever had, perfectly golden brown, perfectly seasoned and had a slight hint of fresh garlic, outstanding and not to be missed! I ate them all, every last one of them and oh yes, there was plenty to share, but I was happy when he did not take any, maybe he saw how quiet I was and how much I was enjoying them, I did not bother to ask.
So, I had filled up on the sliders, frites and the delicious hot bread that was served with an infused dipping oil, so when my spaghetti with crab gravy arrived, ( I ordered the small portion ) I was only able to eat a few bites, but I was happy knowing that I could savor more of it that evening and the next day for lunch. 
What an awesome dish! I make red sauce pasta all the time and only think to incorporate meat, when I use shellfish with pasta, such as shrimp, lobster and or crab, I always go for either a garlic, butter and olive oil sauce or a pesto. This was a brilliant combination of massive amounts of large pieces of jumbo lump crab meat, a rich and very flavorful red gravy ( as they call it ) and pasta!
Delizioso! I can't wait to return!Fourth Of July 6p.  I experienced some kind of WONDERFUL. Great service  and OH MY the food ! .You wanna get my attention serve Pomegranate with my Prosecco  .I like the balance of sweet and tart. I ordered spaghetti  and crab , and meatball sliders and a very tasty side of. spinach. We were treated  to  a wonderful watermelon salad. Something I had never tasted before.It was an  amazing bust of flavors in you mouth.Bread with a crusty topping went well the light olive oil that was served with it. Dessert came in the form of rich chocolate, cherries and  fresh cream.. I love it when a chef makes his business to come out and speak with his guests. Yes I will be back! and I'm bringing  my peopleLast evening was my first dinner at Village Belle - what a delightful surprise!  Our group of five shared around three apps - I'm not a beet guy but the roasted beets in a light vinagrette were awesome, likewise the meatball sliders and a really unique execution of clams casino.  I took a shot at an unfamiliar wine, a Spanish Tempranillo, Radio Boca - which turned out to be a perfect and deliciousl counterpoint to my outstanding duck confit.  Frankly, the only negative about the evening was having to choose among numerous seductive menu alternatives - guess I'll just have to keep going back until I've tried 'em all.We ordered enough seafood to horrify Ariel.  Salmon, swordfish, shrimp, and scallops arrived splashing in saucy little puddles while a crab cake floated on its belly in a pool of aioli.  We also drank enough to dry an ocean, or at least an ocean of wine and liquor--the wine selection is good and affordable. 
And then there was the giant ice cream cookie sandwich that almost--but not quite--vanquished one of our crew with brain freeze and a sugar coma.  But that won't keep him from coming back for more.  He has found his chocolate chip Moby Dick.Had a great dinner here with my girlfriend. Service & food were excellent. Look for this place to make philly mag top 50 next year.So far, so good!
My husband and I have been to the new Village Belle several times since they opened, and so far, so good -- we're very happy to have this new restaurant in the neighborhood - love the vibe & the food.
So far, we've tried several of their dishes, and we've have not been dissappointed.  We'll be back!
p.s. Loved the Seven Fishes on Christmas Eve, too!The Village Belle is one of those true neighborhood gems.
The type of that you visit time and time again because everything is just right.
The food is delicious (my faves include any pasta, the chicken, lamb) with rich, complex and unexpected flavors while still being approachable and accessible.
The atmosphere is warm and comfortable while still being chic.
The crowd is fun and diverse...lots of attractive people hanging out without an ounce of pretention.
To me, a restaurant is great when you can:
-Go on a date there
-Celebrate a special occasion there
-Dine with a large group (and actually hear each other)
-Go as a twosome with a friend 
-Sit at the bar solo
You can do all of those things at Village Belle. Excellently.
I recommend visiting often and arriving with an empty stomach.Food is very well done, very flavorful, with attention to detail. The restaurant feel is very Mediterranean and comfortable. A great place to hang out with friends. make sure to try the specials.I really enjoyed my visit to the Village Belle. First of all, the ambiance is just perfect... with tons of candles and a spectacular view of the Moshulu, you feel very comfortable right away. I went on a Wednesday night, and there were only a handful of other patrons, so it was nice and quiet. Our servers were very attentive and kind. The food was really good-- a little overpriced, but good. I had shrimp & scallop spedini (sp?) with asparagus and a tomato/basil salsa... it was very fresh and tasty. My fiance had salmon over a bed of spinach and lentils-- also very fresh and flavorful. All in all, a great experience. I'd give it 5 stars if it were a tad cheaper... like an avg of $19 a plate instead of $24.Nice location, very friendly service but the food is mediocre to say the least. Ordered the eggplant caponata appetizer. The pairing of the caponata and mortadella didn't make sense in my mouth at all and the crostini wasn't toasted or seasoned. I orderded the $25 spaghetti with crab gravy which our server recommended. The crabmeat was tasty but the dish as a whole was bland spaghetti with red sauce, no garnish, no flavor. My partner ordered the rib eye steak special which was a little tough. I would have liked to try the meatball slider since that seems to be their claim to fame. This restaurant has all the makings of a great eatery but the food is sorely lacking. I will not be returning.I finally got a chance to return in March.  It seems as if all of the kinks have been worked out.  My overall dining experience was enjoyable with super friendly staff and an inviting atmosphere.  The food was delicious especially the crab meat and pasta.Leave the gun, take the affogato (before it melts)
I had the pleasure of dining here last night and it was a very good experience.  I must admit, upon first arriving I almost decided to cancel.  I was shocked by the "classiness" of this restaurant and it kind of threw me for a loop.  I wasn't expecting such a picturesque space, low lighting and music that my parents probably listen to.  My dining partner and I decided to brave it since we already had the reservation.  I'm happy we did.
Red seats, exposed brick and a wall of windows.  In the spring/summer/fall, this place is going to be mobbed.  They've got the potential for great outdoor seating at a really nice spot on Front St.  It's easy for the tourists to get here because they don't have to stray too far from 95 and Village Belle offers valet.
The menu is simple and well presented.  We opted to skip the appetizer and went right for the main course, Lamb chops with black mission figs and butternut squash.  I know I love lamb and I think I prepare it pretty well but this place blew me away.  The figs were sweet but not overpowering.  The butternut squash was roasted and pureed and all of this was a bed for the perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked lamb chops.  I asked for medium rare and they listened.
The staff was very nice and recommended a lovely Sangiovese blend that we thoroughly enjoyed with our meal.  For dessert we got the affogato and the ricotta cheesecake (with orange rind, honey and pistachios)  The desserts were good but not nearly as much of a highlight as the entree.
So I realized what made my apprehensive about this place when I first walked in.  It has a New York restaurant feel.  I love Philly restaurants but they have a different aura all together.  This is a really unique place.  I would take my parents here.  I would take a girl I really liked here.  You should come check it out.
Oh, and they have a touch-sensitive garbage can.  The electrical engineer in me smiled.We rented them out for a party and they were great hosts - very accomodating, great service, and incredible food!We live up the street and have been talking about going here for awhile.  So we finally went and wow, what a disappointment!  The food was too salty (what are you covering up with all of that salt?) and the portion sizes for the price were insane.  One strip of salmon and 5 french cut green beans for $7?  I think not.
The meatball sliders were too salty, but the presentation was cute.  We had three waiters at one point, no one could seem to get it together.  Definitely not going back.The food was very good, I had the beet salad and Cod entree for dinner and it was delicious!   We were a party of 10 so the table ordered the gnocchi appitzer along with the meatball sliders, which were also very good.  I love the way they revamped this restaurant from the old Fredericks, it  is now more open, with red leather seating.  The staff was extremely helpful and nice.  I will definitely go back!Brunch at Village Belle was an all-around enjoyable experience. They definitely get an A for looks. The front of the restaurant is made up of huge french doors, which they keep open in nice weather. The effect was lovely. Even though I was outside facing Front Street - not the greatest view in the city - the ambiance was quaint and relaxed. The waiter came up almost immediately and was very warm and welcoming, and the service continued to be excellent throughout the meal.
Drinks were great. My BF's bloody mary was outstanding! It was enormous and perfectly spiced. I got a mimosa, which was standard.
The menu isn't huge. They offer mostly savory brunch options. Only 2 of the 12 dishes are sweet. We went savory, although we were both tempted by the sweet, cinnamon risotto. I got the Eggs Benedetto on the waiter's suggestion: homemade cheese biscuits topped with pancetta, poached eggs, greens and hollandaise. The flavors were great, but the biscuit was really dry. Bummer. This was the one miss of the experience. But, it was almost made up for by the AMAZING home fries it came with. They were so well-seasoned, and perfectly cooked. My boyfriend got the gravlax, which is a cured salmon, similar to lox but less smoky and salty. It was really tasty. It's served with a generous serving of rye toast, cream cheese, onions and capers, so you can make your own sandwich. We both really enjoyed it: nothing super innovative, but great quality and taste.
Instead of a checkbook, the bill comes in a little leather journal in which you're encouraged to leave comments. It was unclear whether this was a praise-only situation or if constructive criticism was welcome. Overall, I really liked the entire experience. Had it not been for that dry biscuit, they would have gotten 4 stars easy.Had dinner here on Saturday night. I purchased a Living Social deal for here a while back and was excited to finally use it. The restaurant is located in a very cute neighborhood and has outdoor seating. Based on Yelp reviews, we started with the meatball sliders - they were good but I expected a little more from the way people had Yelped about them. For dinner, I went with the spaghetti with jumbo lump crabmeat and my boyfriend opted for the shrimp and scallop spiedini with asparagus. They were both solid choices. There was a generous amount of crabmeat in the spaghetti and I liked that the sauce had a spicy kick to it. I also tried the spiedini - the scallops were the best part of the dish. They were nicely cooked and had lots of flavor. We also tried a few cocktails with dinner.. I was a big fan of the belle levante (prosecco and pomegranate).I was definitely a fan, but unfortunately looks as if it has closed permanently since the end of summer of 2013.Our daughter and her fiancé  picked this venue for their wedding reception.  My husband and I were a bit wary. The food is exceptional. The owners could nott have  been more gracious. We are looking forward to may, 2014. We truly believe the food and hospitality will be exceptionable!  Hooray for finding something different than a country club or catering place!!!!!I landed at Village Belle because my husband and I were looking for a restaurant to celebrate his birthday, but both of us were being pretty indecisive. I decided to go onto Savored and see if there were any discounted reservations at restaurants we wanted to try. Village Belle had a 30% off reservation, so we decided to take it.
Upon arriving at the restaurant I was surprised to see such a nice, clean, spacious establishment with lots of outdoor seating (I'd estimate around 10 tables). I also quickly noticed they had my favorite potato chips out on the bar, and instead of after-dinner mints, they had Jolly Ranchers. It was cute.
Anyway, we asked to sit outside and were taken to a table that had a lot of sun exposure, so we asked if we could be moved to the shade. Our request was met, and we were ready to get down to business.
We started with the hummus and the short rib "small plates" and shared both. The hummus came with gigantic carrot slices, celery, black olives, cucumber, and pita. I was a little bit sad that the pita bread was cold, but it was still good. The hummus tasted very Indian-esque to me; I think there was a lot of cumin in it.
The short rib was DEFINITELY the BEST thing that I ate. It was amazingly tender and came with a side of Parmesan truffle French fries. The fries were out of this world! If you come here, you absolutely HAVE to get that dish.
For the main course I got the burger (which came with fontina cheese, red peppers, and onions) and my man got the strip steak. We were both massively let down as both of our items were completely overcooked. He asked for his steak rare, I asked for my burger medium, and what came out on both of our plates was nothing short of well-done and just plain overcooked. I normally don't get so up in arms about how my food is cooked, as long as the taste is there, but since we both rarely eat meat, we want it to be worth it. Also, for my burger at least, the taste wasn't there. I think a little seasoning would go a long way.
Anyway, the total, with the 30% off, was $72.00 (we also each got a glass of wine and a cocktail). Had we paid full-price I would have been a lot more irritated about the entrees being overcooked. The discounted price made it all a little easier to digest (pun intended).
I think if our meal had been cooked correctly I would have given 4-stars.Very interesting restaurant/bar.  Let me start by saying that Valerie, the barkeep, was spectacular.  Yes, I have a crush, she's blonde, pleasant, a beautiful smile, and quite the looker.  Now I was with a friend, but not one of those special friends, you know?  So what's a little flirting gonna hurt..   ;-)
After a martini, I looked for a nice beer, bottle only, kinda short in that department.  I settled for a Yard's IPA.  My friend had a Pinot Noir, quite expensive for the house Pinot, but a good pour.
OK, the food.  A special clams casino appetizer was chopped clam, bacon, etc, cooked pretty well, a little chewy, but not as chewy if the clam wasn't chopped.  My friend got the cannelloni special of chopped chicken and mushrooms wrapped in a pasta flute, with melted cheese over spinach.  This was NOT a heavy dish at all and pleasantly flavorful.  
I had the spinach gnocchi.  It was flash fried, very tender, and melted in your mouth.   Different from what you would expect, but creatively delightful.  
But the highlight of the evening was the strawberry rhubarb crisp.  A light but extremely tasty desert.  A hot crumbled topping, topped off with vanilla ice cream.  A true gem of a dessert.
I loved this place, a few hundred feet from Catahoula, tough to choose, in my opinion.  Go to both!!!I have been trying to go to this place for months and I can honestly say after my dinner last night I will be returning here for dinner in a matter of weeks. The food, service and atmosphere were amazing.  We had the oysters, pasta and lamb. We were able to dine outside to enjoy the beautiful weather and there were just enough people for the place to be busy, but not crowded. Great Thursday night date place!Village Belle was very nice, and I will be back.  Needed a local place to catch up with an old friend so I decided to give this place a try.  Solid four stars!  I had the oysters for an appetizer, salmon for the main course which was perfectly cooked.  Veggies were a little oily and overcooked but not bad by any means.  My friend loved the lamb chop.  We had a beautiful view of the bridge to enjoy with our meal.  Service was pretty good as well.  By the time we left at 9pm, the bar scene was up and running.  This is a true little neighborhood jem and well worth the trip.Had my Birthday dinner with some coworkers and fell in love with this place. It is a bit  expensive but worth it for special occasions or peaceful romantic dinner. The place is very cozy. However, it was crowed with some wedding party people who reserved most of the tables inside, although it was a perfect reason for us to get one outside. The best part there is FOOD. Whoever is a seafood lover, I recommend getting Shrimp and Scallop Spiedini. So fresh, no anti-frozen taste, and simply delish!!!! They have a nice selection of wines which only compliment the dinner menu. For the dessert I have ordered berry pie with Parmesan cheese (!!!!) ice cream, which was the best flavor I have ever had in my mouth!!!
The only disadvantage is the street - might be too busy and noisy. However, the restaurant itself gets all 5 stars from me no doubt.It was our first time at Village Belle. We went for Sunday Brunch. Food was very good. Coffee was very good too. Server was very friendly and all the other servers helped each other. Overall, it was a very good experience. We will come back.Living on Columbus Ave., I am always looking for a "go to" neighborhood bar for inside or outside drinking and dining.  I frequent headhouse square and south street, but there have been few bars that I really like or frequent.  
We stumbled upon Village Belle before on a neighborhood walk, and decided to try it out.  Its tucked away, its quiet, and its a perfect neighborhood go-to bar.   The food is great, but I don't want to talk about that right now.  The people were so wonderful there...owners, wait staff, etc were all beyond friendly.  The outside seating is ideal for this time of year...can't wait to go back!My wife and I had dinner here about a week ago and had an absolutely fantastic meal. From a decor perspective, Village Belle was exactly what we wanted. Casual and quaint, but open and very charming. And the food was fantastic. We split a Spinach Gnocchi as an appetizer, and it was unbelievable! Obviously homemade, which is always appreciated, they were perfectly light and flavorful, and the sauce they came over was delicious. For entrees, I got the Braised Short Rib. Again, delicious. Fell apart with the touch of my fork, and had a ton of flavor.
As far as service, our server wasn't necessarily the best, the manager and hostess made sure that we were looked after, which was nice.
I will definitely be going back here.The Village Belle occupies the end of a charming block of townhouses on a rather quiet stretch of Front Street in Queen Village.  But despite the pretty location, the Village Belle needs to work on making its food and drink as charming as its local surroundings.  After a recent dinner here with the BF (thank you Rue La La!), we found the menu to be confusing, the food so-so, and the service was nothing special.
We split an order of the gravy meatball sliders; traditional italian meatballs (veal, pork, beef) with marinara sauce on a bun with pecorino cheese.  They were really good, and I could have eaten just them and nothing else.  For our entrees, I had the short rib with truffle fries while he had the shrimp and scallop spiedini.  While the truffle fries sold me on the dish, I found both the entree and the side to be pretty ordinary.  Nothing special, a little heavy, and definitely overpriced.  The spiedini, although tasting slightly better, also seemed a little boring.  Moreover, the side dish, a "tomato basil salsa", looked like supermarket grape tomatoes with a light layer of pre-made seasoning on top.  A little uninspired, and also a little on the pricey side.
The service also seemed off.  We were seated by the bartender, the waiter forgot to bring us napkins and silverware, and the pacing was a little too quick.  Furthermore, while the space and atmosphere was good (we dined al fresco), both of us were a little perturbed on how such a large space could be and feel so empty (probably due to the lack of diners on a Wednesday night; probably due to the fact that of the 5 or 6 parties there, all of them sat outside).  On the whole, while the restaurant seems charming and pretty, it's high price point, disorganized menu, and so-so food aren't going to bring us back for seconds.We went to the Village Belle for a Sunday brunch after my son's baptism.  We made reservations for our party of ten about a week ahead of time.  The waitstaff was VERY attentive and incredibly accommodating.  The food was very good and fairly priced.  We really liked the ricotta side, eggs benedetto, and gravlax.  We highly recommend the Village Belle, we had a great experience there and will go back in the future.Went there last night for the gnocchi and cavatelli making class and it was absolutely amazing! They started us with some meatball sliders which were very good!  The bread for the sliders was amazing.  I'm not a huge meatball fan but these were delicious.  After class, they served us salad, the gnocchi in a butter sage sauce was phenomenal.  Not too heavy, the gnocchi melted in your mouth.  The cavatelli was served in a red sauce...the sauce was very fresh, had a nice little kick to it and was very good!  I would definitely go there again for a class or dinner and will bring friends!We were surprised that an $11 frittata came with no sides - no toast, no potatoes, no meat.  The complimentary fruit salad for the table was nice but very small.  The food and service and atmosphere were good. If they bring the price/portion into alignment I will definitely go back.I have been to Village Belle on a couple of occasions primarily because of its proximity and the fact that it has outdoor tables which makes it a fun place to be when the weather is nice. However, something seems to be lacking every time I've been there. It may be that the high prices charged do not align with the quality. This isn't to say the food is bad, because it isn't. It just doesn't quite live up to the expectations one has when one pays such a high price. The portions are also really small, which I think in general is good because portions tend to be way too large nowadays, but I think they should be priced accordingly. I haven't had any food there that really amazes me or makes me want to go back. It's pretty standard Italian-type fare. I will say that the service has always been quite attentive and the cocktails are pretty good. They were recently closed for a few days and had the windows all covered up and then re-opened with promises of a new menu...but it didn't look that different to me. I heard one of the waiters complaining that business was really slow. I think they should stop trying to charge center city prices and just become a nice neighborhood family restaurant and they would do a lot better in my opinion!Very rude staff. Went there and the hostess was annoyed we didn't have a reservation and we were told to go to the bar as if we were punished. Stood at the bar and waited 10 min while the bar tender ignored us and made others drinks finally got to us and I wanted a water and he seemed annoyed that I only wanted a water poured me water from a pitcher that had been sitting on the bar with NO ice or anything and ignored my fiancé and wouldn't take his order. Needless to day we left....Dined there last night to celebrate our anniversary. First time and we will definitely will be back. Everything, from food quality and presentation, wines atmosphere and service was superb! GM introduced himself and Kenny, our server was the best.. Their scampi is to die for and the new fall menu is out. .Try itI've been living in the neighborhood for about a year and always wanted to check this place out.  I ended up going there on a Saturday for lunch, took my two aunts, and my parents to celebrate one of my aunt's birthday and my parents anniversary.  Anyway, I made reservations but I guess I didn't need to.  The ambiance of the restaurant on a Saturday afternoon was great, I would get a place near the front window or the side that borders the part - but really you can't go wrong with a bad seat in this place. 
The wait staff were very flexible in allowing us to decorate the table a little bit, and we were served by Chris, who was super cool and down-to-earth.  Food was very good, I had a pasta dish, crespella, which was great.  We lingered around for coffee and the owner came out and brought a complimentary dessert for us which was complimentary.  What a great way to end and a great way to celebrate a special occasion.
As for suggestions, I found this a great place, and I'll definitely be back.  If your going to lunch on a weekend, it doesn't appear as if you need reservations, but I've walked past this place a bunch of times around dinner and it definitely gets busy so you might want to make reservations.  I made ours through OpenTable.  Anyway, great experience!This place is a great neighborhood spot.  We've had both brunch and dinner there.  Such a pretty restaurant and well positioned in the neighborhood.  We love dropping in for a bite or sitting on the patio for drinks.  The food is solid and creative and consistent.  Servers are very friendly.  Noise level is perfect for converstaions pretty where ever you sit.  Total gem.I have eaten at Village Belle three times and on each occasion the food has been very good and the service is excellent. However, Village Belle is nearly always empty when we have been there, whether it is a Friday or Saturday night.  I believe I have figured out what the problem is with the empty tables.  Village Belle is trying to be a fine dining establishment in an area that cannot sustain it.  All the successful places in the area, whether they are on South Street or along Front Street have opted for casual, inexpensive dining.  Village Belle, although very good, is just too expensive for the area. Dinner for four cost in excess of $200 with one alcoholic beverage per person. 
The restaurant is large and I noticed last night that they have a curtain drawn past the middle of the dining room to make it a bit more intimate.  But intimate, fine dining does not work in that area.  Frederick's closed because they could not cut it.  I fear if Village Belle does not make some changes, it will go the same way.  Places that succeed in our area are ones that have reasonably priced food and offer some kind of weekday specials.  For Pete's Sake down the block have a $25 prix fixe special that is great, a salad, entrée and dessert for 25 bucks.  Gnocchi on Passayunk has a Two for One special Monday through Thursday that includes salad, pasta, a shared dessert and coffee for $12.50 per person..  Other restaurants in the area don't have an entrée that exceeds 20 bucks.
Village Belle's fine dining experience just isn't working.  They need to retool and exploit the foot traffic around the area.  When the warm weather hits, put some tables out and have patio dining at a discounted rate.  They have dog bowls and treats for the neighborhood canine crowd, why not have dog day discounts. Offer some kind of mid-week specials at reduced prices to get people in the door to see how good the food and service are.  Reduce the overall price of the dishes and I strongly believe they will pack them it.   They could easily reduce the size of their salads, offer one or two pasta or chicken dishes and a shared dessert and coffee for $25 bucks and they would need to beat the customers away with a stick.Went for dinner - gluten free options - reservations through Open Tabel - sat outside - really awesome time!
They have outside seating which is just so awesome during these nice warm months and we got to take full advantage. 
So things that we ate that were delicious;
- New Zealand Sav. Blanc wine was so good! (bottle only)
- Beets salad (gluten free)
- Mussels in white wine sauce (gluten free, little bland)
Portions aren't large so either don't come starving or be prepared to order alot.The location, service,  and atmosphere are completely worth five stars but the food was so forgettable. I have been reviewing all of my food experiences of the last two months today and subsequently staving off intense cravings for many of the dishes I been reviewing, but I really can't remember how anything here tasted. Just completely forgettable. 
I would go back for a date because of how romantic the environment was, but I would probably avoid the entrees. I know my date and I ordered the chicken and also the steak frites. Neither was exciting. I've had much better from places of this price range. 
The only slightly memorable dish was the spinach gnocchi. These were pretty damn good, but the portion and its price make it hard to salvage the entire menu.
Usually I would jump on the band wagon the few times I get to go to a somewhat upscale restaurant, but I just cannot jump this time. 
Otherwise again, good service, atmosphere, etc so still worth a try. Just order something that you don't get too often to increase the chance of memorable dining.Fun place on Front street.  Food was good with a diverse menu, bar area was pleasant but the service was great.
Was a large group and sampled a big potion of the menu and we all enjoyed everything.
Good place for friends to meet and enjoy a meal.Great food, relaxing restaurant! I went here for the second time last night and both times my expectations were surpassed. I had the arugula salad, and the cavatelli, my boyfriend had the short ribs and everything was excellent. The restaurant had a lot of outdoor seating and the inside had a lot of windows, the service was great as well, they knew everything about every single dish and were completely fine with making a few changes to items on the menu. Overall there is something for everyone there and I would definitely recommend giving it a try!It was the fresh ricotta with honey and pistachios that caught our attention! This place was not on our radar at all until we saw that some of our Yelp friends were planning a brunch UYE here. We weren't able to attend at the time, but we bookmarked it for later. We finally got around to trying it during our Philadelphia staycation, and we are so glad we did! I love the location and will keep it in mind for when family is visiting, since it seems pretty easy to get to. I was surprised at how spacious it is, with plenty of seating both outdoors and indoors. We were afraid it might be crowded on a Sunday morning, but it was actually rather quiet, and the service was very attentive. Our food was wonderful - I got the eggs benedetto, and my boyfriend got the crespelle - and of course, we shared the decadent ricotta for dessert. I really look forward to going back!We've only been here once so far, but I will probably go back, possibly without the hubby. He's not one to overpay for over-the-top service, but every now and then, a girl likes to be pampered! 
The food was excellent. We were there for their meatball slider special (it was International Meatball Day so they had $1 meatball sliders- yummy!), which were awesome. We also got the special- fried spinach gnocchi made fresh- and a side of butternut squash. The gnocchi were amazing. The squash had pumpkin seeds on top and it was really perfect in texture and is a regular side on the menu. 
Both the hubby and I agreed that the menu seemed appetizing, but he said he would have trouble picking one because nothing really jumped out at him. I felt that everything on the menu looked really good and although it sounded standard, I bet they would blow you away. 
We weren't too impressed with the beer list- it seems like this place is holding out and serving the classier type of customer. The kind who only drink wine and don't mind paying $10-$15 more for awesome service and I totally get that. Sometimes I want to go to a place like this because I'm forever looking for a deal (heck, that's how we ended up there!) and sometimes I just want to be spoiled and not worry about the price as much. 
We sat in the dining room and there are these great retro-red booths that we had all to ourselves (it was a Wednesday night). I liked it but the hubby said next time (if there is a next time) we're sitting at the bar (which is fine because it looked nice in there)! I think the fact that we had about four different people looking after us and making everything perfect might have made him a tad uncomfortable! One to seat us, one to serve us, one to bring us bread and wipe our table after dinner, and one supervising!
All-in-all, I liked it, but it'll still be hard to walk past Catahoula's to go to dinner here...This is  a great spot for a date night.  E and I went here on a Saturday night to celebrate my return from a long week out of town on business and I'm so glad this is the place we picked.  I was in the mood for Italian and had heard great things about their meatballs, so I went in with high expectations that were met and exceeded at every opportunity.
Upon arrival we were given a pick in seating, since at 7:30 it hadn't really gotten busy yet.  Snagged a cozy, intimate corner booth with a view of the room and when the words cucumber-lemonade with gin come out of the hostess's mouth I knew we made a great choice.  I got that drink, one of their seasonal specials, and E got a whiskey cocktail tat had amaretto and grand marnier.  Neither of us were disappointed when they arrived in short order.  We started by sharing the calamari and meatball sliders, and E got 2 oysters which he said were good.  The calamari was lightly battered and fried and absolutely perfectly executed, crisp and succulent inside, not at all overcooked.  Some of their amazing red gravy accompanied it and we squeezed lemon from the oyster plate over top.  I generally don't love fried calamari and prefer grilled (when done properly, which is tricky), but I couldn't stop eating this.  Meatball sliders were everything I hoped for and more. 
For entrees we both ordered a small plate of pasta since our starters were on the heavy side.  I love that they give this option, and the server was very helpful in characterizing the portion sizes.  I went with crab gravy spaghetti and he got the tagliatelle with bacon, parmesan, and peas.  The crab gravy.  Oh my God.  Fresh sweet morsels of pure white crab on top of the perfect plate of savory spaghetti with red sauce, it was beyond all expectations.  No, the pasta isn't fresh made in-house (and their lower prices reflect this), but dried pasta properly cooked al dente is just as satisfying.  E's tagliatelle was also excellent and packed full of bacon and peas.  I  had some leftover pasta and a meatball slider, which I just enjoyed as leftovers for lunch, but overall it was the perfect amount of food and we were positively stuffed.  The best part- total damage including tax and tip was $80 even.  Excellent budget-friendly date night that still feels special.Village Belle has a nice ambiance, tasty food, and friendly service.  I dined here recently with a group of friends and so got to sample a number of the appetizers.   The roasted peppers were yummy with the goat cheese toasts.  The bread of the toast itself, however, was just okay.  Same for the focaccia bread served with olive oil.  The Brussels sprouts disappeared quickly, but I managed to have a few satisfying pieces.   For the entree I tried their burger, which was topped with fried peppers and onions (yum) and served with a side of fries (meh).  For dessert I tried a streusel, which I mistook for a strudel, so when the dry crumbly streusel - rather than a moist crispy strudel - arrived, I was less than pleased (on the plus side, I now know that a streusel is *not* a strudel and will hopefully remember to never order one again).
Prices are reasonable.  Decor is upscale casual.  Our server was nice, but..., it would have been appreciated if in rattling off the specials of the day their prices would have been mentioned (they do expect a payment for them, right?).  If the choice is between asking how much it is and excluding it as an option, I'll usually go with the excluding.  Also, many restaurants now offer substitute sides instead of fries (offer as in explicitly mention patrons can get them rather than forcing patrons to ask about them); it would be nice if Village Belle did the same.
The drink selection was not particularly large, but had some interesting and satisfying choices.