On a scale of one to things that are awesome, this place is the bomb. 
I was drawn in by the promise of the duckfat frenchfries. Took the boy for his birthday and put our name in, had a drink around the corner while we waited and were given seats at the bar after about 45 minutes. 
We were waited on by Keith, the bartender, who was congenial, knowledgeable about his whiskeys and an all-around cool guy. We started with 3 cape may salts (two for me, one for the boy) and tater tots, both of which made me happy.
For dinner, I got Kentucky Fried Quail (stellar, though the succotash was not as exciting as I wanted it to be) and the boy got the 24$ Fois Gras burger, which was incredible. Worth every penny. The duckfat fries were pretty yummy, but not even the best part of the meal. I could've done without the cheese sauce, but as it was on the side I wasn't deterred.
I look forward to coming back here, with everyone I know.Picked up takeout from Village Whiskey (so I can't review the actual restaurant). The Whiskey Burger is pricy ($26) but is amazing if you're ok with a greasier burger. Super tender, the bacon is awesome and it's pretty big. If you can get past the price then highly recommend it. The Duck Fat fries are also rich and delicious.There is a great selection of whiskey/bourbon to suit anyone's taste. We had burgers with the fried egg on it and it was soo good and probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The duck fries are a MUST if you come here. It is a cute atmosphere although we went with a party of 4 and it was a tad awkward the way our seating was and made it difficult to have conversation with everyone at our table. Overall, a nice place to go. We will be going back.fuck yes. meat, bourbon libations, and a salad (to round things out aka make myself feel better about ingesting the aforementioned two items.) i took myself on an early birthday date with myself and was not disappointed (neither in the food nor the company). i had a medium rare plain burger to see if it was worth all the fuss...no cheese, bacon, dressing, etc to disguise the quality of the meat. (of course, no bread either since i'm gluten free.) the burger was great - perfectly cooked and seasoned... though, i felt like a bit of a freak sitting at the bar eating my burger with a knife and a fork. i'd like to come back to try a fancypants burger since the extras look pretty tasty.  the salad was so-so; it was no frills with the perfect amount of dressing. the bartender-cum-waiter was super attentive but not cloyingly so. he made delicious sazeracs to accompany my repast.If you want The Best burger in Philly, this is the right place to come. The bread was fresh, meat was nothing but juicy, service was a amiable, price was descent and affordable to everybody!Dearest Reader,
Please allow me to hereby confirm the rumors: Village Whiskey does, in fact, have the best burger in Philadelphia. And, I should note, some of the best bartenders. 
As my wife and I sat at the bar waiting for our friends to arrive, I marveled at the infinite selection of whiskeys and bourbons. I decided that this, self, is the day you will begin liking whiskey. So I petitioned the bartender to "make me something awesome with whiskey in it." "What kind of drink do you want?," he inquired. "I have no idea, good sir. You see, I am a neophyte, a tyro, and fledgling when it comes to spirits such as these." (Perhaps my banter wasn't quite at this level at the time; I was already a few drinks in from my visit to Franklin Mortgage, but this is how I remember it going.) So, he thought about it for a while and proceeded to mix up the craziest drink I had ever seen -- it had whiskey, orange bitters, an egg white, Portuguese red wine, and other stuff in it! The verdict: delicious. I also had the "The Commodore" off the drink menu, and it was very good, too. The drinks are a little pricey here, and they will set you back around $11 or $12 each.
When our friends arrived, we were seated outside and I got to try to village burger and the short-rib and cheddar duck-fat fries. The burger, which comes with an artfully restrained dollop of homemade thousand island dressing, was unbelievable. The applewood bacon and the dressing served the elevate the already-incredible taste of the meat. I can't wait to come back and order another one. As for the fries, they were very good, but I think next time I will stick with the plain duck fat fries. Our friends ordered those, and they were super crispy and delicious.
Warning: this place gets insanely busy, so you might have to wait a pretty long time for a table. 
All in all, the drinks were great, the food was delectable, and the staff was very knowledgeable and personable. I would totally come back.
Still dreaming of that burger,
Chris M.Cool spot in a great location.
We got there early, so didn't have the same crushing crowds others have talked about.
The bartenders are awesome.
Made me a Perfect Rye Manhattan on the rocks, never had one before...I'm hooked.
Easily the best burger I've ever had!
Will absolutely be backMy brother and I ate here to celebrate my college graduation and I must say I was very satisfied. Great vibes in the restaurant, our waiter was outstanding, and the food was delish.Ok yeah, the service can be a little high falutin', and the wait is painful but this is THE BEST BURGER EVER.  That's all you need to know.  The BEST.SImply not impressed.  
I got a burger with blue cheese and carmelized onions. 
The meat was high quality, but the bread to meat to cheese ratio is all wrong.  The burger was very thick and as such left most of the bun meatless.  They could have made the burger thinner, gave it greater circumference, and not left me with a half grilled cheese/half burger scenario. 
Not a big fan, won't go back/order delivery.  Its simply not a good burger and at $60 for 2 people, I'd rather try the devil I don't know.Watermelon pickles were amazing and the wedge was done well with great ranch dressing and juicy plump partly sun dried tomatoesI love Village Whiskey, it's just a shame it's always so crowded. The bar snacks and their signature burger are delicious. I'm bummed they did away with the warm pretzels, but oh well. The whiskey selection is extensive and the bar tenders are very helpful and knowledgeable. But be warned: their whiskeys by the glass are definitely a bit overpriced.This is my very first review.  I figured reviewing Village Whiskey would kick me off to a good start.  
My wife and I arrived at 8:00pm and was told there was a 2 hour wait.  I read reviews prior to arriving so I was prepared to wait.  I was still a little surprised at how small this place is.  We decided to wait around by the bar.  After waiting for roughly 25 minutes, a spot opened up at a sit down counter, adjacent to the bar.  
For starters, we ordered the pickled red and golden beets along with turnips and black kale from their pickled section.  We liked the pickled beets but the turnips and black kale surprisingly where our favorite.  The acidity was mild and the black kale was crisp.  The toppings I ordered on my burger were Rogue Smokey Bleu, caramelized onions, bacon, and a fried egg.  I had high expectations for my burger and I was not disappointed.  It was cooked to perfection.  I wish I knew what grinds of meet they used to create their burgers because they had the right amount of fat to keep them moist and where full of flavor.  I was underwhelmed with the duck fat French fries.  They were okay, but nothing exceptional to me. The S'more milk shake was excellent!  The homemade marshmallow had all the characteristics and nuances of their camp fire cousins.  
I woke up the next day, thinking about the burger I consumed the night before at the Village Whiskey.  Hands down, this is ONE of the best burgers I have eaten!My favorite burger in town! The place is confortabke and has a great variety of drinks with bourbon. They should have a reservation policy.Go here and get a burger.  Get the King Burger and the Village Whiskey Burger.  Also get some pickles and eat your face off.  I like going here and just stuffing my face and enjoying every minute of it.  From the duck fries to the deviled eggs - order, eat, and enjoy.  Just go and eat and savor.  Yeah your gonna pay but it is worth it.My husband chose VW as the venue for last Tuesday's date night. I've been several times (both for lunch and dinner) and man, does this place get better with every meal. Having had the burger more than once (including last Christmas when I indulged in the Whiskey King [oh jeebus, was that good]), I ventured south on the menu and ordered the Kentucky Hot Brown. Cheese and butter lovers unite! This thing was incredible and quite possibly the most underrated thing on the menu (save for their Cobb salad). And good lord, that Irish car bomb milkshake! It alone makes the wait and the consistently snobby hostesses worth it.This was my second visit here, and it was much worse than the first. This restaurant is extremely small, and if there aren't any seats, you are welcome to stand in the back by the bar without seating, in the way of all the commotion. We stood by the bar for about ten minutes before we were asked if we needed something. We wanted to eat, but not standing up. We saw multiple tables open up, and had to ask if we could sit there, even though we were the only people waiting. We finally sat, and a young,brunette waitress came and took our order. We wanted two orders of the Short Rib fries appetizer, since we would be having it as our dinner opposed to sharing it, and she looked at us like we asked her to bring the whole cow to our table. She asked us if we were sure that we wanted two, and we confirmed that we did. The first order came out in about 5 minutes which was amazing. 10 minutes went by, then 15, and our server didn't even come over to see how our first dish was, just stood in the corner chatting. We got another servers attention after 20 minutes of waiting and let him know we were still waiting on our order. We also advised him that if it wasn't ready, to forget about it and we would share the first one. He came back and told us that it would be out any second. Another ten minutes went by, still no dish, still nothing from our original server. We let the young man know that we were no longer interested in the dish that was 25 minutes late, and then our original server finally decided to come over! Could you believe the first thing she said was "so im hearing that you never got the second batch of fries?". As if it was some kind of rumor. Then had the nerve to ask if we still wanted it. She took it off the bill but I was extremely disappointed with the service, and will certainly not return the next time I am in town. Especially since I got sick in the middle of the night from it. Village Whiskey, please train your staff how to serve properly, and give them some lessons on customer service.This is one of our frequent late-night stops, after we've gotten tired of the loud bars and are looking for a more quiet but still lively place to wrap up a night. We always go on Saturday nights and have never had to wait for a spot at the bar.
I actually don't drink liquor, so village WHISKEY may seem like an odd choice of locations, but they have a fantastic beer selection too. Honestly, I stopped here because it's a Garces joint and I would drink toilet water if he put it in a bowl with some cilantro. Plus, my boyfriend loves their whiskeys. And so do the other guests, which makes this place so fun: the last time we were there we ended up joining booths with our neighbors so that we could all talk about the restaurant and their liquor choices. It's a very cool, very like-minded crowd.
Food wise you can't go wrong with duck fat french fries. I feel like I don't even need to say that, because come on... duck. fat. french. fries. We also go for the cheese puffs on their late night menu as well: a hot pan of ping-pong ball sized bread balls coated in cheese and broiled and delicious and... oh boy now I'm, hungry.
And if the other reviews aren't clear enough... their burgers will have you singing hymns of praise to the meat gods.I first heard of this place from a dude I know, and then I heard Craig LaBan called it the best burger in the city. That must be the $26 burger that I didn't have (mainly because I'm not a fan of bleu cheese, and I didn't want to be "that guy" to ask for a different cheese) because the Village Burger was good, but not exceptional.
I got the "Village Burger" (8oz, Sesame Roll, Tomato, Boston Bibb, House Made Thousand Island) with bacon and provolone (+$3). It was huge, could hardly fit in my mouth huge, and delicious, but I don't think I can call it the best burger in all of Philadelphia.
The duck fat fries were great. They were big, crispy, and hot on the inside. I'm going to get the sly fox cheddar sauce with them next time.
The whiskey list is HUGE. 
It's so small inside they don't have "sections" for the waitresses (or it might have been because only the bar and outside seating were busy). There's the bar that seats maybe eight people, though I didn't count (it was full), four or five booths (completely empty at 5:30pm), and a little counter that seats five or six in the back (empty as well). There's more seating outside than inside. After paying one waitress, another asked if I wanted another beer. I'm not sure if it's a plus that there's always someone checking on you, or a negative because they're unorganized? 
 I'll come back, but my main goal will be to try the extensive whiskey list, not a burger.Woah! This place ROCKS! 
I stopped here for a late lunch with my partner while visiting Philly. We are huge burger fanatics so if you aren't into burgers then just come for the drinks as these burgers can be pricy especially with the add ons. I actually went overboard with the additions and found it to be too much. My partners simple burger with cheese ended up being perfect and tasty. 
I enjoyed a Mint Julep (was just in the mood for one) but can say that if you are a whiskey drinker, there are soooo many options. 
This place is a must for whiskey lovers!Nestled on the corner of 20th and Chestnut, it looks bigger than what you'll discover inside. A tight-knit community of tables, all filled, whether reservations can be made or not, saddled around a long bar, and some standing room to place your beer and food, if standing is fine. 
Wander in at 6:00 on a Saturday, and are told its a 2 hour wait for a table. Bar is a much better option. Was able to grab a seat at the bar as soon as we got in. 
Bartenders are friendly. The wall of whiskey (or whisky) behind the bar is quite impressive. 
Food is quite delicious. Village burger with sauteed onions and blue cheese is quite the tasty treat. Burger is cooked a shade under what you request, which for medium, a bit redder is fine by me. The wife got a pulled pork sandwich, and salivated over every bite. A side order of duck fat fries in a cheese sauce compliments the meal well. 
Pricing is surprisingly reasonable. Definitely on the list as a repeat place to go.Food is absolutely amazing!!! The drinks were pretty high priced but if you are going just for dinner it's completely worth it. I found this place on yelp and after reading reviews, I couldn't wait to go. It was everything I expected. A must go.I went here for happy hour a few weeks ago, and as I was disappointed that there was no "happy hour" I was not disappointed in  my experience in village whiskey. The drinks were fantastic- great exotic combinations. The veggie burger was probably the best I have ever consumed. I have been here several times when I cannot even get in for a seat, so be prepared. The drinks are small and expensive but delicious, but hte food is reasonably priced. I will definitely be back!Food was very good I had the chicken sandwich which was great, however if your drinking here I hope you have time to wait since it takes FOREVER to get a drink. I mean like 30 min to just get a beer.The service was uninviting and made my group feel unwanted.  When we arrived it was towards the end of the brunch on Sunday.  The host was not friendly and gave the feeling of us being a burden to them. Once pointed to self seating and having a seat, the waitress brought waters but we were left without menus.  I went to the front to inquire about menus but the waitress has jumped in front of me after over hearing my wife ask me about the menus.  I apologized and told her we didn't know if we were suppose to get our own menus or if they would be brought to us.  She just stared not indicating anything.  I just walked back to our seats with her where she handed us the manus and then walked away again not saying anything.  After sitting for a few minutes my wife and I didn't know if we were suppose to order at the bar or with the waitress and at this point I was annoyed with the service and decided we should just leave.  I will never go here again!i just love a good burger!
its done right if its cooked to the perfect medium I ordered.  patty was thick and juicy. fat was dripping out.  thousand island sauce adds to the extra fattiness. bun was lightly toasted and oily.  everything was fatty!
tator tots was soft and crunchy and, again, greasy.
a little on the greasy side for me....but for others, thats what it is all about.
ive had burgers multiple times this week, and within the week, the village burger was the best of the ones i hadIn a direct Bobby Flay vs. Jose Garces match, i.e. comparing Bobby's Burger Palace and Village Whiskey, I'd say BBP clearly wins.
Village Whiskey's biggest weakness is actually its high price. Taste-wise, my medium-rare burger with goat cheese and egg is comparable to BBP or 500 Degrees. The meat and egg were prepared the way I like it, and the toppings were of high quality, especially the cheese. (Note that the egg yolk is runny! If you don't like that or are afraid of salmonella, let them know.) The only thing I did not like as much was how heavily the hamburger buns were buttered. That was just a little bit too much for my taste, but I know many people who would love the slightly sweet, buttery bun. However, the burger I got was 16 dollars (11 for the burger, 3.50 for the cheese and 1.50 for the egg), which is exactly the price of the burger at Craigie on Main. In case you don't frequent Boston as much, Craigie's is a 'real' gourmet burger where French fries and a small salad are included in the price. At VW, we had to order French fries for 5 dollars on the side, which were delicious and came with a well-spiced ketchup.
I like the atmosphere of the place, and the location which made seating outside more pleasant than at BBP's right on Walnut Street. The service also was excellent (very much unlike BBP). The staff appears professional, they are attentive and fill up your water very regularly.
All in all, it's a 3.5 - the good burger, atmosphere and service warrant a high rating, but the extraordinarily high price (for what you get) is rather a downer, and I can't give 4 stars to a place where I am unsure whether I'd want to come back. I do like the concept of letting the customer choose their own toppings, which allowed me to choose a combination of toppings you never see but I personally enjoy. On the other hand, the menu of this place is largely uninspired and boring, which in turn is Bobby's Burger Palace's strongest point. If you are in the area, this is probably the highest quality burger + fries you can get - but it comes at a steep price.The burger blew my mind! I wanted to say "Can I have another?" but there was no way I could fit it in - this burger is not only delicious but it's huge. You definitely won't leave hungry but I do encourage you to try and squeeze in some duck fat fries...they are worth it! Also love the cocktail menu. I will certainly be returning.This place was exactly as advertised.  Showed up at about noon on a Saturday, the place was busy but we were able to grab the last two seats at the bar.  Village burger was incredible, so was all the whiskey we tried.  Highly recommend the Manhattan, one of the best I've had anywhere.Several friends and I continued our mini-pub crawl of mixology bars (begun at Franklin Mortgage and Investment Co.) here. Good move!
We parked it at the bar and got the show from Sasha, the bartender, who kept up friendly banter with us even as she concocted a variety of beverages throughout the course of our stay. 
The cocktail menu was fairly extensive, broken down into Prohibition- and Repeal-era drinks, not to mention long lists of bourbons, ryes, and scotches. I ordered an Aviation (a drink I make myself, with my own brandied cherries, but here they do it the right way, all out with Creme de Violette to tint it blue like the sky; Sasha let me take a look at the bottle, perhaps to know that it wasn't some awful curacao!) 
For another friend she created a drink with Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction's Root liqueur (which is made with the roots and herbs used in old-fashioned root beer), chocolate bitters, seltzer and orange. 
We also partook of food here: First, duck fat fries (which have been a trend in Chicago, where I live, for at least a year, but I'd never had them; I'd never eaten anything involving duck before this, so now I suppose I have lost my duck fat innocence). These were thick-cut, rich in taste [gratis the duck fat, one presumes], not actually greasy, but definitely better when ordered with the cup of cheese sauce on the side. 
We also got soft pretzel sticks, which would have been fine but not especially remarkable without the mustard sauce (which had a distinct taste of raspberry, to my mind) pooled in the cup underneath them.
Overall, this was a friendly place with fab drinks and great food. I wish it was in my city.Was in town on business so why not.
The burger itself was cooked to med-rare perfection the whole patty through, which makes me wonder if they sous-vide it and then give it a quick sear.   The meat itself, while quality, lacked proper seasoning. 
Foie gras has absolutely no business adorning a burger that also contains such overwhelming flavors as bleu cheese and bacon.  Or even a burger at all for that matter.  Its ALMOST as dumb as the concept of a kobe burger.  In any event, it's a gimmick thats worked well for this restaurant, to be sure.  I took mine off and ate it separately. It was delicious and i recommend you do the same if you want to taste the extra $12 or so you are spending. 
The deviled eggs were a pass. Nothing you couldn't replicate with google search and an ability to properly boil eggs.Food looked good.  Nice decor.  Hip crowd, and crowded on a Tuesday - portends good things.  I just thought no room at the bar, no music, just chatter.  Not inviting - so we left.  I'll try it again. But for now, no go.The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because of the HOSTESS!  Now, I go to a lot of restaurants. The hostess (petite black girl) is extremely rude with an attitude. As soon as we walked through the doors, she looked at us and said the wait would be 30mins (which wasn't the case because she sat another couple down 5 min after us). Someone needs to fire her! She brought our menus over and just put them on the table, rolled her eyes and walked away. No smile, nothing. What a horrible start of our meal. Then the same thing happened to the couple who sat next to us where the couple said thank you for bringing the menus and she walked away without saying anything or smiling! 
The bartenders and waiters are attentive and nice. 
The burger here is wonderful! It's big, juicy and full of flavor. 5 stars for a delicious burger!This bar was created for guys. Great place to hang out with friends. Heard the burger was the best in the city. Tried it out and it was amazing. Make sure you order the duck fat fries too. If you're in Philly this is the place to go to. 5 starsdisclosure: review is for food only and not on the whiskey unfortunately
a friend took me here expressing this was the best burger in all of philly. 
service was efficient and there wasn't a wait at all that tuesday evening at 6pm. we were bummed they didn't have a happy hour. the burger portion was super generous and i had trouble eating it without my utensils. the quality of the ingredients was great but i still felt as if something was missing.. wish there was an extra sauce or dressing element to make it a bit juicer though the meat was far from dry. it was just missing something for me. there was a long list of add on's (at a cost) that maybe i should have splurged on? it was pretty dark in there and i was too lazy to tackle that part of the menu. i was uncomfortably full after so i'd probably share a burger if there is ever a next time.
it was a decent burger but not worth any potential long wait and definitely out of my normal price range for a burger. this place left me really missing home/in n'out...Village Whiskey's burgers are PHENOMENAL!  Always cooked to perfection (medium rare for me!).  It's like a religious expeirence eating these things.  Went with my boyfriend there on our first date last summer and he's been addicted ever since...as are my sister, all of my friends, and coworkers!  I haven't met one person who doesn't love them.
I'm a former vegetarian who cannot believe I was missing out on these burgers for 4 years.  I am now MORE than making up for that time lost! :)Eh....Let's just say I'm glad this was not my only Jose Garces stop for the weekend.
The best thing about this place is the music. Absolutely awesome rock from the 60s, 70s and 80s. Tunes you know, tunes that sound like the hot sisters of tunes you know, tunes that take you back to when you played doctor with a Fisher Price stethoscope--yeah, music like that. I definitely did my fair share of Shazaaming and "I gotta go back and listen to that album"-ing.
The food itself was pretty mediocre. The boy and I did a weekend-long food tour of Philly and this was stop #65 or so, so we weren't extremely hungry coming in.
We came for the duckfat fries. But, well, they looked and tasted like normal fat fries except possibly on the drier side. The cheddar sauce helped a lot but I love french fries and believe good fries taste good without condiments of any kind, so the cheddar sauce wasn't too comforting to my fry-loving soul. We then split the chicken-fried steak. Holy oversalted batter, Batman! Waayyyy too much salty batter, about 0.23g of actual chicken. The gravy was okay but nothing remarkable and the biscuits were tender but too dense.
I did love my cocktail, though. Got the Philadelphia Fish House Punch and it was a good, strong, sweet cocktail. Between that and the frat boy/bachelor party table next to us, I had a pretty good time here but definitely won't be coming back next time I'm in the city of brotherly love.This place has the most amazing burger in philly. I've tried the village burger and the whiskey king. they're both amazing, but I don't know if spending an extra $15 for the foie gras is worth it. It is nice to have foie gras like maybe once a year. Although the village burger is only $11, after you add all the extra stuff that they charge ridiculous price for, like mushrooms ($5), the burger will come out to like $20. It's totally worth it though.Walked in, excited to try the burger and tots. Small place but, 3 tables open. We sat down and were ignored Until mgr came over to ask if our name was on the waiting list, we said we passed the hostess and she didnt asked us for our name for waiting list. He said people were waiting, meanwhile, no visable people in cue to sit! He told us to get up and wait in a corner near the bar! We left! We had just been in a large group who dropped $$$$ on drinks, snacks at the sister restaurant Tinto next door too. Rude!I've been to Village Whiskey twice; once in 2012 and I just returned in November 2015. After my first experience I ranked the burger pretty high. A lot has changed since then. Shake Shack came to town (literally right across the street) and I've eaten numerous delicious burgers. Returning around 5:45 on a Friday we were lucky to score seats at the end of the skinny counter in the back of the restaurant. It is very tight quarters and there are no hooks for purses or coats. We started with the fried shrimp as an appetizer. The portion size allowed an easy split between two people. They were small shrimp served with a dipping sauce with a bit of a spicy kick. I had the village burger and added cheese for an extra $2.50 accompanied by duck fat fries.  The burger was decent, but I would not longer suggest it is worth the wait or the cramped quarters if you don't have a table. The service was shotty, as we had to constantly ask for refills on our water and diet cokes. We didn't even have drinks when our entrees arrived. They don't take reservations so it's really luck of the draw coming here.One of the best burgers I've ever had! Village Whiskey has high-quality meat, great preparation, and awesome sides -- it's my favorite burger place in downtown Philly. 
The aioli and fries are delicious, too. Last time I tried truffled cauliflower; I'm not usually a huge fan of picked foods, but it was fantastic! The cauliflowers and carrots were crispy, and the juice had a light but very tasty flavor. I would definitely order it again. 
The one catch: it is pretty expensive. Probably place you would go to for an especially fun or nice meal, but might not be able to afford each week. 
The decor is cozy and up-scale, with small round tables surrounded by tall couches to sit on. You can hang up your coat when you enter the door, and the hostess stands behind a large wooden whiskey barrel. It's a small restaurant, so it's better for dinner with a few friends or a date than large groups. The waiters are very friendly and attentive, and service is quick. All in all, a very pleasant dining experience!It was crowded and a small place but they had AMAZING burgers! The food was wonderful! Best burger I had by far! The drinks were good too!Look, I would have given this place a much better rating if it wasn't for one thing, the hostesses... and I'm not referring to those delicious prophylactic wrapped cakes made of chocolate, air, and pure magic.  I swear they hire these girls on looks alone - "tight pants, high heel boots, and wear that nose high."  They obviously have little to zero math skills, or are fans of Einstein and reject time completely.  Every single time I trek to this place, I fear I might lose it when walking in the 2x2 foyer where one of these anti-Newton fashionistas is prepped to tell me the wait will be about two hours.  The place seats maybe 50 people tops, with zero people waiting outside (the only place to wait), and barely any names on their scribble sheet.  I can guarantee you that you'll get the same response unless they are subjective to a certain type of clientele, that usually appears to be midlife crisis men exacting revenge on life by dating girls that resemble their daughters, or younger couples that try to divide the class of the place with the ability to get obnoxiously wasted in less than a half an hour.  You can give your name and number to one of these ladies, who will promptly call you in the amount of time it takes you to chose another nearby restaurant and get seated; nowhere near their previous predicted span of time.  This could be some new trend... you know, like all those other hard to get in bars that only serve hamburgers.  Now for the good stuff; the burgers are excellent... some of the best, if not the best in the city.  The selection of whiskey, as the name should denote, is quite expansive.  The décor is warm and inviting, though a tad cramped if you're not sitting towards the front of the bar.  Both Tinto and Village Whiskey always seem to have excellent bartenders, with not only the experience sought after, but the social skills as well.  My suggestion is to definitely try this place out, but pick a weekday and take a bottle of wine just in case, because Melograno is only steps away in the chance you'll be told it'll take the sum over histories to land an exclusive spot to have... yep, a burger.Sorry Yelpers, but I thought this Jose Garces restaurant was just okay.
Village Whiskey is pretty tiny.  About seven round tables that could fit maybe three people (might be able to fit four, but highly unlikely) and some room at the bar.  Came for lunch at 11:30am when they opened, and by about 12:15pm, all the tables and most of the seats at the bar were taken.  
We were the second group to be seated, and although there was no one else in the restaurant at the time, our waitress seemed to be preoccupied after taking our order.  She knew we were still deciding on drinks, so why didn't she check on us again?  Hello!  She wasn't very attentive and seemed like she would rather be elsewhere.
I ordered the Village Burger (an 8 ounce burger on a sesame roll with Boston bibb lettuce, tomato, and house-made thousand island dressing: $11) and added Jasper Hill cheddar cheese ($3.50) and fried egg ($1.50).  Perfect brunch meal right?  Eh.  Was just okay.  The burger wasn't anything spectacular, definitely not anything to rave about.  It was juicy, but lacked flavor.  Usually the bun makes the burger (for me at least), and I thought the sesame roll was okay.  Tasted like an everyday burger bun to me.  The cheddar cheese and fried egg were a nice additional to the burger.  At 8 ounces, this burger is pretty huge!  Could definitely serve as another meal or late night snack.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtKSTHV5Qx_Q7Aur9o4kQQ?select=QZ4Yn47TLprQlbCRWMtZdw
We also ordered the duck fat french fries with sly-fox cheddar sauce ($7) to share.  I've always always wanted to try duck fat fries.  These left me wanting more.  Really...is this what they really taste like?  I hope not.  These fries were more soggy than crispy, and left a weird after taste in my mouth.  The cheddar sauce was a welcomed additional, but not necessary.  The sauce would have been better if it was hotter.  
When our waitress finally came back with our food, we were able to order the Irish Car Bomb shake ($9).  Ours definitely didn't look like a lot of the pictures that were posted on Yelp.  For $9, this shake better be spectacular!  Again, it was just okay.  I did enjoy those chunks of brownie pieces though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtKSTHV5Qx_Q7Aur9o4kQQ?select=EbqJLiD6Pkw7u1KgFVmJAA
RG ordered the Whiskey King (an 8 ounce burger on a sesame roll with maple bourbon glazed ciopollini, rogue bleu cheese, applewood bacon, and foie gras-$26).  Massive burger.  The bleu cheese was almost non-existent.  I tried a bite, and the foie gras was pretty good.  The applewood bacon was a nice touch.  But again, the burger was just okay.  
FYI-Don't look up at the ceiling fans, they were so filled with dirt, that you might get dust in your eyes!Great drinks!!! I got the zombie one which was strong and yummy.... Three drinks later and I had to debate whether I was headed down the right path for the night haha! ALSO... give me all the duck fat fries my heart can handle with a side of cheese!!! Next time I'll get the fries with cheese AND short ribs... they were so sinfully good...Such a disappointment. I was expecting this to be one of the best burgers I've ever had (as I've heard) and some of the best fries, and I was completely underwhelmed. I ordered a burger with truffle mushrooms and a fried egg- cooked medium. The burger was completely over-cooked, way too salty, crumbling on my plate, and I couldn't drown it in enough ketchup to make it taste good. The fries were soggy and cold. My stepmother ordered the chicken sandwich and the chicken was so dry! Shake shack is WAY better. Sad. A for presentation, F for execution. Sorry but, if you're known for burgers and fries you should have a chef who knows how to execute.Darn awesome. Love the ambiance, love the food, love the music. My father even drank whiskey here and loved it, which is just crazy making. Also very friendly and fun bartenders/staff. Highly recommended.
Only downside - it gets packed, and there's really no place to wait.We arrived here late Saturday night for dinner.  Although we were done drinking for the night, we were in the mood for an excellent burger and Village Whiskey came highly recommended.  There was a half hour wait for a table, and there were no seats at the bar, but a party of five didn't show up, so we were seated within a couple of minutes.  We each ordered a Village Burger medium rare with cheddar, and the boyfriend piled on bacon as well, with a side of duck fat fries and a chocolate shake.  
Hungry as we were, the entire meal (except the pickle) was an utter let-down.  The burgers were more watery than juicy and overly seasoned and the fries were also incredibly salty as well as burnt.  The boyfriend's chocolate shake was served in a cocktail glass and tasted like cocoa, that is to say, not right, and utterly disappointing.  Between us we couldn't finish a drink served in a mojito-sized tumbler.  Although our server passed by frequently to refill our water glasses, we were never asked if everything was all right, not even when presented with the check.
Maybe we just came on an off night, but I really can't picture myself coming back here.  Sad, because the decor kicks ass, and the cocktails were tantalizing.I have been trying to come here for what seems like an eternity, but there was always something in the way.  (Like the one day when I was "finally going to eat there" and as we walked up there was a sign on the door stating that because of malfunctions in the kitchen, they were only serving drinks and cold food.  Needless to say, I didn't go in that day)  Finally, the stars aligned and I was able to eat here.  And I'm happy I did.
I went in with two friends after getting our nails done and sat at a table.  We ordered drinks, truffled cauliflower, and an order of tater tots.  They put the tater tots closest to me and I can't control myself, so no one else at the table got tater tots.  They were really good.  I ordered the burger without the thousand island dressing and with cheddar and caramelized onions.  That was a GOOOOOOOOOOOD burger.  Cooked perfectly, juicy, and the roll was soft and pillowy.  It didn't last long on my plate.  We got an order of duck fat french fries for the table and while they were good, I think I liked the tater tots better and would probably order them as our side next time. 
My only issue with Village Whiskey is the space.  It's so small.  They crammed the three of us into a space that really was built for two people.  After we left, each one of us realized that our legs were cramped and sore from trying to squeeze into that tight spot.  Maybe next time, and there will be a next time, I might consider asking for a bigger table.   (Do they even have bigger tables? I was so enamored with my food, I didn't look around too much)Walked in for the first time after a drink next door at Tinto (which was very nice and the bartender was pleasant, Dan). Squeezed us in at a small round for 2. Ordered a Blanton's rocks and they were out. Went with our second choice and the drinks never came. Server was too busy talking to other tables. He was overwhelmed with the amount of tables he had I think. We never got our drinks so we got up and left without ordering dinner.Had the Kentucky Brown, deelish!! My friend had the duck fat fries that looked amazing and he had one of the burgers that was also outstanding he said.Had high expectations since it's always tough to snag a table. Unfortunately today's brunch was nothing spectacular...my chicken and waffles were terrible. My husband ordered the burger which was good, but outside of that, nothing blew us away. The seating is also really cramped...and the loud couple nearby watching videos on their phone was annoying to say the least.Gosh.... I still just love this place.. I moved away but my burger buds remained with whiskey village..Duck fat fries with shortribs and cheddar cheese = DELICIOUS. The burgers were good also, which we had with bacon and cheese. The second time I went to Village Whiskey, I had the fries (of course) and the Kentucky Hot Brown sandwich (open faced turkey sandwich topped with melted cheese and surrounded by some bacon and tomatoes and a delicious cheesy bechamel sauce). The bechamel was probably the best part of the dish - everything else was pretty ordinary. 
Also, the service was great. It was surprisingly empty for a Saturday afternoon, but I think most people were probably sitting outside since it was a beautiful day. The waiter was attentive and helpful when we asked about the drinks. My friend ordered the Bee Charmer which was deliciously refreshing (it had chamomile infused gin with some lemon, honey, and other stuff I can't remember).Looked for whiskey bar and chose #villagewhiskey on recommendation og @cocktail_maven and it was casual dress....  staff was great, food was great and duck fat fries finished my patty melt perfectly. Good selection of whiskey....little bartender was great and climbed to top shelf a few times to retrieve or search for bottles. Awesome probition style bar.Like the whiskey selection, the bartenders are lively and knowledgeable. The food is great, especially the burgers and sandwiches.My boyfriend and I got to try the Black Label Burger at Minetta Tavern and we came here to compare it with the Whiskey King Burger.
My boyfriend felt the Whiskey King was the sure winner. There was a lot more texture going on with the crispiness of the bacon and the creaminess of the cheese etc. He felt the Black Label was too monotone.
I, on the other hand felt the Black Label won out. Yeah, I dug all the texture going on with the Whiskey King, but I felt the flavor of the meat on the Black Label was far too superior than the Whiskey. Not only that, it's just a better deal. $26 at Minetta gives you a delicious burger with a side of exceptional fries. $26 at Village, just gives you a burger. Fries are extra. 
Ok, ok, I know what you're gonna say next. You get a slab of foie gras on the Village Whiskey burger! Yes you do, but what's the point if it gets over powered by the flavor of the burger and bacon and blue cheese...
Foie gras just doesn't belong on a burger. It needs to be enjoyed on it's own.
Alright, enough about the burger. What about everything else?
Village Whiskey doesn't take reservation, but that's because the place is small! When we got there, there was a 45 minute wait, which we were ok with. They take your name and cellphone number and actually send you a txt message when your table is ready, so you can leave and wander around the surrounding area while you wait for your table. When you're table is ready, they will hold it for 15 minute, so you don't have to make a mad rush to get back. I thought this was pretty cool.
I was in the mood for trying one of their shakes, so we decided on the Irish Car Bomb. It was smooth and creamy and the piece of frosted chocolate cake garnish was exceptional. If I wasn't so full after my meal, I would have gotten more of that cake for dessert!
We also got an order of truffled cauliflower pickles as an appetizer and shared and order of duck fat fries to go with our burgers. 
The pickles were great. The right amount of sweet and sour. It was accompanied with bread, butter and an olive tapenade.
The duck fat fries were just ok. Tasty, but I didn't see a difference between them vs fries fried in any other kind of oil.The staff were great and very friendly. Our waitress even helped us make an order of the tater tots...but tossed in duck fat! (say what?). The whiskey king looked awesome and was tasty. However, I do wish they change up the foie gras to other fancy items from time to time (not a huge fan of liver in general). Better get here earlier-ish--the place fills up!I come here for the duck fat fries with short rib. Everything else doesn't matter to me. Those fries are all I care about and are enough to get my undying devotion.I have to say, I don't get the hype. After waiting a long time (but shorter than expected -- it seems a lot of people on the list just end up dining elsewhere), we finally made it in to the hallowed halls.
As other people have said, although "duck fat fries" sound like they will be a total taste explosion, they just taste like normal, so-so fries. Monk's or Eulogy has better.
The burger was also just ok. Come on Philly, where are the good burgers at?!
The one thing that impressed me was the popcorn shrimp appetizer. They were seasoned well and had a nice breading. Yum!I mean how good could a burger be?  I have had some good burgers in my day but the burger at village whisky is on another level.  I mean most high end burgers are thick and juicy with a very good seasoned flavor, this burger was all of the above but the juiciness of the burger  was amazing. When I took my first bite the burger literally squirted across the small little round table we were given.  I have never had a burger that did that. I was talking about this place with a close friend and he said the same exact thing.  Also the burger wasn't too dense and the flavor was fantastic!   DELICIOUS!!  We got the fries with the brisket which I thought was too salty, it couldn't really taste the fries that they are apparently famous for.  We should have just gotten the regular order of duck fat fries, they looked crispy and seemed like they were served with some kind of aioli by looking at other peoples orders.  All in all the best burger I think I have had EVER!!!I'm giving Village Whiskey five stars because you know what?  It's a damn good burger.  And they don't mess around with anything else.
It's my center city roadside diner.  Stop in for a quick lunch at the bar - chew your burger, read the paper, move on.Came here to grab a drink with the girlies. There were easily available seats at the bar. I asked the waitress to recommend me a spicy whiskey and she brought out a more-than-your-average shot of liquor on ice. I loved it. It went down well and I'll be coming to this bar when I visit Philly again.
Excellent service!Well, my bf and I were going to eat here for his birthday (a Sunday night) and off we went. The place is the size of a shoebox. Seriously. It is one of the smallest restaurants I have ever seen. Considering Jose Garces opened this post Iron Chef, what's his excuse? Anyway, we were informed it would be a half hour wait and had to give them our name (OK) and cell phone (odd). We were, of course, asked if we would like to sit at the bar. We went back, sidled passed a waiter or two and quickly realized there was absolutely no seating at the bar. I told the hostess we would be having a drink elsewhere, and to please keep our name on the list. So, we went and had a beer elsewhere, and about a half hour later, I asked my BF if his phone had rang at all. It had not. He called VW and was informed that they had called. We went back to VW and the hostess chirped that it was their policy to call twice. I said I had a hard time believing that as my bf's phone showed no missed calls, no messages, nothing. She said we could wait another half hour, if we liked. I almost told her to go eff herself. My bf used their bathroom and we went to Standard Tap instead. 
So the 1 star is for their total lack of space and lame waiting list procedure. 
The food I saw looked good though. 
Maybe I will go on a Monday at 4:00 or something.Great service every time I go. Every single thing from the drinks to pickles to burgers are amazing! Also, recently discovered they have a brunch menu. Flights of bacon?! Sign me up! Worth the money. I'm not even a vegetarian and the black bean lentil burger is absolutely superb.A friend brought me here while I was in town. We were originally going to go to Monks, but with the lack of parking, we happened to fall upon this place- am I am glad we had!
I was intending to get a quick bite, but ended up sharing a burger and an order of duck fat fries with the cheddar sauce. YUM.
The burger was very fresh and delicious and the fries were also great. I wish it had more of a duck fat flavor but that's just because i love duck fat and wouldn't mind drowning in it.
The place itself is very small and very crowded, but good thing we were able to grab a counter space! Make sure to ask when you get there if you can sit at the counter- because those seats might be free.
I didn't get the Whiskey King burger, but being a foie gras fan, I so wish I had- I will definitely return and get it next time!
A great (but tiny) place that is very rowdy and loud- but the food is deliciously fattening!My wife and I had the opportunity to have lunch at Whiskey Village on a recent trip, who could pass on a burger with glazed cippolini onions, and foie gras? The Village Burger did not disappoint. Juicy, thick and well seasoned, this is a delicious bit of ground beef heaven. The duck fat fries were decadent and perfectly crisp and salted. My hot brown was equally tasty with just enough smoky bacon and creamy mornay sauce to turn roast turkey into a sublime morsel. 
We ate at the bar, made new friends and savored a delectable lunch. A couple of pints of a local IPA complemented the meal perfectly. Chef Garces has a hit...keep up the good work!Amazing  burgers and bartenders who know how to make bourbon based mixed drinks.
But boy is it a pain to actually eat there.  They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait and wait and wait.  Tiny place so you're likely to end up in an uncomfortable corner or on the edge of a seat with waiters and patrons constantly brushing past you.Would probably have gone four stars , but the duck fat fries were not close to some I've had in NYC.
The burger was very juicy, cooked as ordered and quite large. The BBQ pulled pork with fried pickle was as good as anything I've had when I lived in NC. Service was good and would go back, but wouldn't bother with the fries. They were fairly bland and not real crunchy as I've had at other spots.
Prices are a little on the high side, place is really small, but if you are looking for almost any scotch, bourbon, rye etc., then this a really good place to stop. Enormous selection of whiskeys.Very cool atmosphere in Philly! We came here on a weekend and the wait was going to be over an hour. We came back during the week and there was still a wait for a table but the bar was open. Honestly we probably had more fun sitting at the bar than if we had a table. I got the veggie burger and my BF got a regular bacon cheese burger. He enjoyed his burger and ranked it in his top 5. I enjoyed the veggie burger and it was quite large, but I quite honestly was wishing for more sauciness or some moisture. I would not say that this was the best veggie burger I have had and for the price I was slightly disappointed. I did, however, immensely enjoy the tater tots! They were crispy on the outside and like mashed potatoes on the inside! Whatever sauce they give you to go with it was delicious as well! All-in-all, I enjoyed my dinner at the bar at Village Whiskey. It is a bit pricey, but if you can swing it I don't think you'll be disappointed!If you want to figure out how to get into this place I am here to tell you....Monday for lunch. I walked in with a friend at 12:15, could have sat at a table and there were zero patrons at the bar. We sat at the bar. Burger was awesome. I ordered mine with cheese, friend onions and a fried egg minus the lettuce and tomato. Absolutely loved it. Fries were only decent. I agree with some other posters...the duck fat does not translate. Cheese sauce was decent but not legendary. If I were to do it again, I would get the same burger and try other sides. Skip the fries.We had eaten hear before and loved it.  This trip was totally different.  Although the restaurant had only one table filled when we arrived, hostess seated the three of us at a very small table for two, then seated someone right next to us.  She then complained that we were oozing over our table space onto the other people.  Hostess was VERY rude.  Beverages were good, but service was very slow - also odd considering most of the restaurant was empty.  Food was sub-par with tater tots and shrimp being so overcooked that they were inedible.  Pulled BBQ sandwich had so much fat in it it was impossible to eat.  This was such a disappointment since we are big Garces fans and eat often at his other restaurants.  Maybe this was just a bad day for them.I went here with some friends and I would recommend this place for some great drinks. They have some unique cocktails and cordials. But I was disappointed in the food.  It was just bland and nothing exciting.  The service was pleasant but it didn't make the food any better. Come here if you're looking for a variety of booze but don't come hungry.We stopped into Village Whiskey on the last night of our stay in Philadelphia on the recommendation of a local.  It was a VERY good choice and we were happy to have chosen this location for our final outing of our vacation. Service was very good, with clean, efficient, pleasant gentlemen at the bar and making the table rounds. 
Village Whiskey boasts a SERIOUS drink menu and an eclectic, locally sourced food menu.  The place was packed to the gills with a vibrant after-work crowd having happy-hour cocktails and you could clearly see that this is the regular bread-and-butter for Village Whiskey- great atmosphere!I don't drink, so sometimes I'm at a loss when I accompany my partner to places like this, but I'm happy to say that in addition to literally hundreds of alcoholic beverage choices, they also had some pretty tempting non-alcoholic choices!  I had a really delicious freshly squeezed lemon-aid and my partner had a local on-tap beer to start.  
As an appetizer, we shared their famous duck fat fries with sly fox cheddar sauce.  They were everything you can imagine they would be- rich, crispy, salty, unctuous, and full of flavor.  Wow, we were delighted that something as simple as a 'french fry" could be elevated to such an artful presentation! For our meals, I chose the Kentucky hot brown, and my partner got their Villiage burger.  I opted for tater tots (my weakness) and he got even more fries.  The hot brown was exceptional- an open faced sandwich on a fluffy brioche roll piled high with smoked turkey, bacon and mornay (cream) sauce.  it was one of the best I've had, being from New England and not having the opportunity to enjoy these Southern treats very often!  I was in heaven! The burger was an 8oz local beef that he enjoyed with bacon and jasper hill cheddar. It arrived glistening and piled high with fresh toppings.  He deemed it, "excellent all around!"Probably the best burger I've ever had. The duck fat fries were amazing. I didn't have great expectations of this place (we were headed here for the boyfriend's brother's birthday) Everything about this meal blew me away. The service, was sub-par. She could have been a bit more attentive and there were seating issues since they didn't have a table to seat a large group so we had to wait upwards of 45mins-1hour to be seated even though we called ahead of time.Bacon Beer and Bourbon, everything that really is all I need in philly. come during off peak hours, and ask the bartender to make something for you.Only reason not 5 stars is we had a 2 1/2 hr wait, but we soon found out why.... Actually two reasons, 1) it's a great spot, 2) they have only a handful of tables.  Definitely worth the wait.  While we did wait, we each partook in a sazerac, that would knock your socks off.  Finally tabled, like true Americans, we all ordered burgers.  We each said "this is the best burger I have ever had".  The duck fat fries and tater tots were all very good.  It's no wonder Jose Garces is so well renowned.Can get busy and is first come first serve..arriving earlier than normal rush hours (11.30 am..5.30-6pm) is recommended to avoid long waits.
Food is diverse pub kitchen, good drinks and beer.
All round one of the 'classiest' pub diners in center cityAll I wanted was a local microbrew, a locally distilled gin martnini, a foie gras and bacon burger, and duck fat fries. Leslie, the amazing bartender helped me find the brews and spirits, and the menu did the rest. I have had Boulud's foie gras burger in Vegas, and this was better. The trick is to let it set up / rest for 10 minutes so that you can still eat it with your hands. Otherwise, it's deliciously messy. Then cross the street to Capogiro for National Geographic's #1 rated gelato in the world. I would suggest running across the street for a taster of the hazelnut, or salted carmel, then running back to Village Whiskey and chasing it with some Yamazaki 12. Then repeat.The burgers here live up to the hype. They are delicious and so are the short rib french fries.. These things are amazing. The only downfall is the size of the restaurant which results in a 45+ min wait.. Can be up to a 2 hour wait on a Friday or Saturday night but it is still worth the wait.. Just put your name down and take a stroll through Philly or go to the irish pub down the street and grab a drink. they will shoot you a text message when your table is ready!