Food is really good! I got the Lomo Saltado and my friends and I shared the yuca frita and the ceviche clásico for appetizer. I will definitely come back!!This was the best "Arroz con Mariscos" I've had. Service was outstanding, the waiter was super cool. Food came fast, authentic to Peruvian cuisine.
The space and ambience will transport you to Perú, I felt I was there, believe me. Nazca lines and masks hanging from the wall. Good music.
Would totally come back again.I just had the most amazing dinner with my friends to celebrate my friend's moms birthday.
Everything was great from the moment walked in. Our table was ready, the waitress (although I can't remember her name) was very friendly and knew the menu from top to bottom.
From the cocktail menu, I ordered a Pisco Sour and a Chicha Sour. They were both delicious and left a great first impression by the bartender. 
I only had the Lomo Salteado with the Risotto and I must say it's most likely the best thing I've had at a restaurant in a while! I dare anyone to go and try it and tell me otherwise. Let's not forget to mention that the portions are quite generous.
At the end of the meal I had arroz con leche. It's a dessert made out of rice, condensed milk and some cinnamon powder. I recommend it if you're not into "too-sweet" kind of stuff.
I will definitely make it a regular spot to visit. So impressed with the service and the food!
To Vista Peru and their staff : THANK YOU VERY MUCH! My friend's mom enjoyed her birthday dinner !Wow. What a spot. Let's start with service, it's wonderful and personal.  Everyone is always buzzing around without being too intrusive and they are so passionate about the cuisine.  I believe interpersonal connection sets up a good meal as good as anything.  The drinks are so good and different from The normal bar in philly. The food is incredible, I'm biased because I have been addicted to ceviche ever since pio pio in NY.  This is better. Omg. The menu is full of food I've never tried and it all sounded delicious.  I appreciate a menu that isn't too big, this feels more like a meal with friends than anything else. The rest of the food was even better, but I don't want to drone on too long. Go here, take a date here, Do anything here. I will be in the corner, with the ceviche!First time trying Peruvian food and it lived up to the hype. We were greeted with fried corn which was light and a great snack. The CHICHA SOUR is a great drink, supposedly similar to a margarita but nothing like it. It reminds me of the Jamaican drink sorrel with a hint of cinnamon and tequila. 
The ceviche (CEBICHES) is the best you will ever have. Peruvian CEBICHES comes with spice. I choose medium which was hot. 
I ordered the Jaleas which was the fried white fish w/calamari, shrimp, mussels and octopus. Possibly the best fried fish I have had, it was so light and flaky. I will definitely be back to go through the menu. 
Also loved the ambience. See ceiling...My boyfriend and I came here for a date night and we left so obsessed with this restaurant. Neither one of us has really ever had Peruvian cuisine and we were not disappointed. From the drinks, to the ceviche, to our main courses, all was consistently delicious. Our server, Blake, was super helpful, genuinely nice, and knowledgeable about the menu and all the food. We will definitely be back.Food was solid, but because it's a newer restaurant, I think they have still have a lot of service kinks to work out. Our server was really nice, but she was also the bartender, which means she had no time to wait tables. She took our order and never returned to our table to check in or ask if we wanted more drinks till our meal was done. We had to ask the busser (who was super on top of filling up water and clearing plates) to order drinks. Also, when we got the tab, there were three drinks on the bill that we hadn't ordered. They apologized and fixed the order. 
That said, our two main dishes (the lomo salteado and seco norteño) were delicious and a great value at under $20 each. The flan was well done, and the pisco sour was perfectly made. The ceviche tradicional was fresh but had way too much lime. Overall, a hit-or-miss experience.No tiene nada que ver con el sabor  peruano el chaufa y el seco que decepciónSo disappointing.  I never write reviews even though I love eating/cooking/critiquing food, but this experience really got to me.  Having had amazing Peruvian food in New York and LA I've been hoping for a great Peruvian source in Philly (Peruvian ceviche is like no other!).  
The restaurant is beautiful- they nailed the decor - a blend of traditional and modern aesthetics.  
The complimentary roasted corn snack is standard yummy saltiness. We started with the ceviche Classico which was solid - good, not amazing. We tried the pulpo as well but it was chewy and less flavor even though the same sauce and accompaniments were used.  The Frito Yucca was crispy but dry and the  Huancaina sauce (a Peruvian standard) was subtle and the spice overwhelmed any flavor.  
We tried the goat and grilled pulpo for entrees.  The goat was rich and tender as were the beans but the plate was mostly rice.  The grilled pulpo was tender as it should be but no char or smoke to indicate being grilled and the vegetables were blaa/dry.  I know boiled vegetables are part of the tradition... but for the price they better be the best damn boiled potatoes ever. 
Plating was clunky at best.  
We tried the purple corn pudding for dessert which came as a gelatinous mass in a bowl with a sprinkle of cinnamon on top.  No texture element. I couldn't finish it and I come from a never waste food upbringing. 
The service was ok, waitress was awkward and unconvincing.  
All this to say I can see my friend Ana (Peruvian who schooled me in this amazingly unique and complexly influenced cuisine) shaking her head saying, "no, no this is not right." I 
hope those who gave great reviews one day get to taste real Peruvian food!  The food could be ok for a hole in the wall comfort food place but at these prices (easily over $100 for two), NO WAY!!! ... Philly... the search for amazing Peruvian food continues.Highly recommended!!! Everything was delicious, my highlights were the chicha sour cocktail and the ceviche mixto. Service was excellent end-to-end. Will definitely come back!I arrived after lunch hours. He make server was very hospitable. The restaurant was spotless and the music was very inviting. As a good Peruvian and know ceviche by heart. I order the ceviche Vista and it was the best ceviche that I have ever had. Tip: order the Maracuya sour, you will not regret itDisclaimer: Someone contacted me upon the original review being posted and used slur and threatening language asking to remove the review. Another person sent another threatening message. Speaks volumes. I reported it to Yelp. 
We live a block away and were excited about a new place opening in the neighborhood. 
Hostess took 8 min to verify we have a reservation, asking "are you sure it's the right name", us showing her res on  the phone, giving her first and last names, standing aside for the next guest, then her finally deciding she is seeing it on the list. Incredible. 
She then proceeded to ask if we need a cocktail menu because giving it to us with regular menus would appear too much to her apparently. 
Seated at the tables that was put together for a larger party with other two tables, then the hostess proceeded separating them while we were trying to actually get seated. 
Vista Peru ceviche wasn't described on the menu although considering it was their premium dish and double the price of the classic ceviche, that also lacked description, it was odd they decided to list no ingredients at all.
Two sauces were served in a small dish with nothing to go with which was a laughable afterthought.
Fairly disgusting  small plate with what best can be described as undercooked popcorn was placed on the table.
Random sliced avocado served with our appetizer, didn't go with it and also looked fairly overripe to be served as a whole piece. Completely unappetizing. Appetizer with mash potatoes was clearly premade. Although the menu lists tune, chicken and whatever else associated with that appetizer, none of that actually correlated to reality because if you order crab meat with cold mash potatoes that's actually what will be served. Neither chicken nor tuna are other two choices. Whoever wrote this menu never talked to the kitchen.
When the mains arrived we figured what the sauces previously served were for. Their purpose were to make the food at least barely edible and it actually helped. 
Entire operation seemed as if a bunch of teens decided to run a restaurant and they weren't a particularly skilled bunch.Peruvian food is a unique blend of Andean, Spanish, Asian and Italian flavors.  We are Peruvian and have been missing a good Peruvian restaurant in Philadelphia.  We were hopeful but again disappointed.  If you have never had Peruvian food, don't except to find it at this establishment.  Please drive to NY or DC to eat authentic Peruvian before making up your mind about our cuisine.
We came on Saturday 2/24/18 - 1st night
Service 1 - No bread or sauces or anything to begin with.  Food took forever.  Asking for spoons for our dessert and never got them so asked the nice bartender for them.   We had to ask for our dishes to be taken when we were finished.
Food 1 - Lomo Saltado - our classic Peruvian dish, was dry, not spicy and the meat was not the most tender.  The Anticuchos were hot but not spiced.  The Jalea was just "fried fish with onions on top".  Not at all what the traditional dish calls for.  Chupe de camarones again missed the spices.  The only dish we liked and was well made was the Causa de ceviche.
Dessert 2 - they were out of ice cream.  We did order one of each - arroz con leche, mazamorra morada and flan.  Fair.   The mazamorra morada should be thicker not all runny
Drinks 4 - the only part that saved the night.   We tried the Chicha Sour, Pisco Sour and the Cosmopolitan en Pasión (maracuya) - all very nicely made!
Prices were what the neighborhood calls for but not for this lack of quality.
We so hope this establishment improves with time because we need one in Philly.  Our reccs: decrease the items on the menu; ensure that your chefs obtain more authentic recipes and techniques which would have added heat and spice; train your staff; lastly, if you are a Peruvian restaurant, at least the hostess should speak Spanish and greet you appropriately.  Until then, we will make the trek to NY or DC.I would have to say, it's a good addition to the Philly area. The Food it's delicious, and the price are good too.Awesome place feels like home!!! Like no other!!!! Great food and great drinks!! Don't feel bad to ask for something that it's not in the menu!! We work with you!!! So if you want to mix and match we can do it!!Second night this restaurant was opened and of course we had to try it out. My hubby is peruvian and we have tried a lot of restaurants in NJ, CA and were so happy to finally have one in Old City.
First thing you notice is the stairs and then to the right there is the bar area and about 4 tables for two and when you walk towards the back there is more tables for bigger parties. We waited a few minutes to get seated but that was okay. We made reservations and I recommend you do this bc it can get busy.
We sat across from the bar and it was a table for two. Romatic and the music is nice. Henry was out waiter and he was super friendly and made sure everything came out correctly. He also gave us some suggestions on what to order. 
We started with Yuca a la huancaina- which is like a potato cut in big strips. In my opinion it was a little on the dry side compared to what I have had before. Also I love the sauce and it had a little kick but me and my hubby could handle it. We loved it so much we asked for more sauce.
Drinks:
Pisco sour-hmmm love it. This drink has a foam topping which I think makes the drink. It was tasty my only recommendation is to not put the brown drops. I'm not sure what it was but it didn't taste that good, to me. 
Chica morada ( purple drink) classic peruvian drink. My hubby loves this and he said it reminded of him of his grandma.
Lomo saltado- this is my go to peruvian entree. This is steak with fries, tomato and onions with a side of rice- wow the steak was so tender and juicy!! and I loved the sauce and the onions and tomotos were cut perfectly. The rice was just enough and I was full after. I would definitely order this again.
Ceviche mixto- which is squid, fish, octopus,shrimp with lime, red onions, salt and it had a corn and a potato- my husband ordered this and he said it was really good. He doesnt like sushi but will eat this. I also love this dish just wish there was more. But overall everything tasted great together.
Overall this place has a lot of potential and we cant wait to come back and try more Peruvian food. Everyone needs to try this place out!!I was very excited to go try this new restaurant. Unfortunately I was very underwhelmed. For an appetizer we got papa a la Huancaina (cheesy potatoes dish). It was served cold and the cheese was like velveeta it was really gross. For a main course we ordered camarones a ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce). Not only was the food Luke warm but the shrimp were so overdone that I could not stick my fork through them. We also ordered lomo saltado (steak with tomato and onions mixed with French fries). This dish was also Luke warm, the meat was over cooked and the sauce just tasted like plain soy sauce. It was nothing to get excited for. When the manager came and checked on us we let him know our feedback and he seemed very shocked about the food temperature because he said he just "cooked it himself in the kitchen in the back and it just came off the stove."
Disclaimer: the restaurant did comp the shrimpGreat authentic Peruvian food. I've been looking for a Peruvian food place for the longest time and this one topped my expectations. The servers are great too!It is hard to find a great restaurant in Old City - this is definitely not going to be one of them. The decor is pretty generic, the service was pleasant, but the food was pretty awful and had very little unique flavor. The waiter described the goat as if it would be similar to your mom's home cooking but mom would have never served that lousy cut of meat - all spine and fat. We also had the ceviche mixto, causas with crab meat (almost inedible), parihuela soup - lobster was very good, everything else was overcooked, jalea was just a plate of fried seafood. I really can't imagine anyone pays those kind of prices for that low quality of food. Better to stick with a restaurant like Alma de Cuba - very similar dishes but much better flavor/service/ambiance. I'm still trying to find a good and somewhat reasonably priced place in Old City (Wister is the best one that comes to mind - I'm open and grateful for anyone else's suggestions. So sad that Fig and Wedge has closed).We went to Vista Peru on a Friday night and it was perfect! We had made a reservation but it looked like they still had tables available, had we just walked in. We started out with the mixto ceviche and drinks- the Pisco sour was just delicious. The ceviche was also wonderful and a perfect portion. We shared the lomo saltado and arroz con marisco. The lomo was just wonderful, and the arroz con marisco was delicious as well. Again, good portion- we both finished our meals. The amount of food seemed good for the price. Will definitely be back!Awesome food . I love the ceviche clásico very
Tasty and well done . The papa ala huancaina was good too . Lomo saltado was excellent very tasty I'll repeat . The staff was very helpful and very accommodating. Next time I'll try different dishes .My experience revolved around sliding our table to the left.  To the right.  To the left.  To the right.  I'm sure dining was supposed to be an aerobic experience! I guess I could make flavorless rice at home and remain still. This place will close within few months.It was ok. 
- Pollo a la brasa: The flavor was good, but it the meat was a bit dry. The fries didn't have salt (or very little) and the chicken was too small for the price.
- Anticuchos: The flavor was good. We asked for Huancaina sauce and it was a great addition. 
- Causa acevichada: Awesome. Would totally return for this. The fish was fresh and the flavor perfect.
- Mazamorra y arroz con leche: Arroz con leche good (a bit dry though) but the Mazamorra tasted like artificial flavor. 
Overall the food was ok. But I think it wouldn't be a good restaurant in PeruI'll start with the Pros:
-good service. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and very attentive.
-The Pisco sours were awesome! We had the tamarind, passion fruit, and regular.
-The ceviche was very good. We got the classic. It was fresh and flavorful.
Cons:
I was hesitant about this place based on the Craig LaBan review and it seems they haven't corrected since.
-the grilled beef hearts came out cold. I sent them back and they cane out 1 minute later. It was clear they were just microwaved as they were very chewy. Also not a ton of flavor
-the vegetables came out cold as well
-the chicken was extremely dry and no flavor. A comment at the table was "A rotisserie chicken at the grocery store is much better."
-calamari was ok, but small portion
-lomo saltado was also under-seasoned 
- for the restaurant we would recommend a plate for discarding chicken bones if you are serving a whole chicken or bigger plates.
Everyone was extremely underwhelmed, especially  for the price. I would only go back for the drinks and ceviche.I took my wife who is from Peru. I have been there multiple times. Food here was very good. She got ceviche. I got jalea. The Aji was some of the best I have ever had. Pisco spurs were very good. It's not cheap so if you are looking for cheap don't go here. Server was very nice. Very small so it's probably packed on Friday and Saturday nights.Went here a week ago and though we understand they are new and have kinks to work out, had a very disappointing experience
- Upon arrival, the maitre d was confused by our reservation and started to seat us and then paused making us stand awkwardly in the middle of the restaurant for several minutes
- The puzzled look continued for the duration of our meal as maitre d and another staff member paced around. I am guessing they were trying to figure out how to seat other guests, but they were doing so very blatantly, making us feel rather uncomfortable that we "messed up" their system by arriving. 
-The food was just ok, seemed authentic, but nothing special for those prices.
Summary, will not be returning....I came in on a Friday night on the second floor. This place was a disappointment. To start, we ordered Cebiche Mixto mild, the sauce was super spicy and Grilled beef heart was a little bit overcooked. For main course, we had quarter chicken was dry, and grilled octopus was super dry, looked like it has been sitting there for so long. One page of the menu was Peruvian Cantonese style.. made me question how "purely Peruvian" this place is.. Anyway, won't visit again. Not worth it.Had dinner here with a few friends this evening.  Overall a pleasant experience.  Pisco sours and ceviche were the stars.  Two of us had the goat which was just ok.  Was expecting more of a stew but it was goat chunks with bones atop white rice and beans.  One had snapper which was full of bones.  Grilled shrimp was the other entree which was pretty good.  Service had highs and lows- pleasant waiter but our plates from the appetizer was never cleared and second course came out too soon.  Felt rushed when it wasn't a busy night at the restaurant.Stumbled into this place by accident!! Boy am I glad!! From the drinks (Pisco sour) to the  Ceviche to the entrees everything was perfect.  The staff was excellent!! Will definitely be back and bring friends!!Best pulpo I've had in my life. Food was simple and delicious from the ceviche through the passion fruit ice cream. Will be backWas so looking forward to this experience after visiting a Peruvian restaurant in London and waiting for a place in Philly to pop up! The Pisco Sours were delicious, but getting them took forever (even though we ate early at 6:15 and the restaurant wasn't full yet). The dishes were lackluster--not enough flavor and the seafood was rubbery and tasteless. I'd go back for drinks but wouldn't recommend the food, especially for how expensive it was.Just tried this place the other night with my wife. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meal. The octopus ceviche was great and the lomo saltado was the best I've had since I lived in California. Definitely will be going back again.DELICIOUS!!  I went with a group of foodies and everyone LOVED their food.  The cebiche clasico was the star of the evening - flavorful, fresh and SPICY (be sure to let the waiter know if you don't do spice!).  The entrees were great: we ordered the seco norteno (goat), the arroz con marisco (rice with seafood) and the jalea (crispy fish fillet) - and everyone cleaned their plates.
Service was friendly and knowledgeable.  Only hiccup: the entrees came about 2min after the appetizer.  Not a problem for us though.
Everyone raved about our experience.  We will definitely be back.Unfortunately we had a very unpleasant experience. Some reviewers indicated slow service and this is part of the bad experience we got though our waiter was very nice and respectful the whole dinner service. Our drinks came to us after 25 mins. We think restaurant might be severely understaffed but wide and I were enjoying our time and didn't mind. We also didn't order fancy cocktails and got water fyi.
We ordered the mussels appetizer (which was ok), the ceviche mixto(decent). We got this 45 mins but again it was ok. Our entree didn't come after an 1.5 hrs and we asked and waited explained there was a special guest at the restaurant and all the tables were getting repriotized and as a result kitchen is backed up. We appreciate the honesty but this cant be a way to run a buisness. We indicated that's fine but we had an engagement party to go to that day and my pregnant wife needed to eat prior to this. Waiter again was good and somehow coerced the kitchen to get our food but the dish we got mariscos picante was a plate of overcooked seafood (good sauce however). We indicated our displeasure and couldn't finish the meal.
I was little surprised we didn't get no comp for the meal or at least have someone take our feedback but I wasnt going to make scene with my pregnant wife with me so I just let it go and got my wife pizza.
Its ashamed I a lm a huge fan of Peruvian food. We cried when chifa closed. Quinoa in Doylestown is very good. I can not support this place.Been waiting for 12 years for a Peruvian restaurant in Philly. It's arrived! And it's great. I really loved the Jalea (nice and moist and limey) and the cebiche mixto. My friend liked the steamed mussels. The pisco sours were delicious. Tastes just like the authentic Peruvian food I'm use to in Miami. Eat here! Make a reservation if it's a weekend night. It's busy. Mel at the bar was great. My only suggestion is to offer leche de tigre and to serve ceviche with those salty nuts that they are normally served with in Peru.My friends and I really enjoyed this place a lot! We  couldnt find a place last minute to accommodate 20+ people for a birthday dinner. This was the only place available so we took it! Plus most of us have not had Peruvian food before. 
We booked on open table which was super convenient. They called to confirm and asked for details about the birthdays - it was a dinner for 3 birthday men and we had 3 separate cakes which they were okay with and even kept in the fridge for us. 
The dinner was on the 2nd floor, they set up a long table in the back next to the bar. It was really nice! Very inviting and everyone there was really friendly and accomodating. We order soooooo many drinks and soooooooo much food ! Everything was so good. They had everything we wanted, got us everything we needed, and introduced us to things we didnt even know was good or existed lol. Everything was so simple yet so well organized for accommodating so many of us last minute. I literally booked it like 2 nights before!
We didnt feel rushed. There were no attitudes, if anything one of our servers, the one on my side of the table, was soo amazing and cute! She kept bringing me these banging mojitos mm yum ! Service was great. 
I forgot what I got to eat, I was a bit buzzed and there was so much food. I think I ate everything actually. What I wont forget Bout is their mixed ceviche omg I'm def planning a visit in the very near future. Now I want it.
So then it was cake time. We got to do everything as planned, it was perfect. Food was better than we expected. Very filling and different from what were used to.
Def recommended coming here for large groups, small groups, by yourself... whatever!Fun time at Vista Peru for a pre-show dinner. We were a part of 5 and everyone had a great experience. Our waiter, Nathan was terrific! Having been to Peru, it was a tasty walk down memory lane starting with the Pisco Sours. Highly recommend the Ceviche! Excellent! Papa a La Huancaina makes you want to lick the plate. Highly recommend the Lomo Saltado and the Seco Norteno. Great addition to Old City. We'll be back!So happy to have a great Peruvian restaurant downtown.  Recently learned about this place and wanted to give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I was looking for vegan options and they had several.  First the Pisco sour (no egg) was incredible. For dinner, I ordered the yuca frita (without cheese) and Arroz Chaufa de quinoa.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  They have really flavorful spicy sauce I added to the arroz dish.  Our server was really attentive and friendly.  Happy to visit againGreat service and tasty and interesting dishes. On the pricier side for dinner. 
Full bar. They have a whole pisco cocktail menu! Very cool. 
Food wise: overall I found the fish and the arroz chaufa to be my favorites. Lots of seafood options so this is a great place for pescatarians.
I was not a huge fan of the causa potato dish but I think that was more of a personal preference (not sure I would generally enjoy that dish even in Peru). I'm glad I tried this restaurant but probably won't rush back.Came here for a late night night dinner after a movie with my friends on Saturday. The restaurant is small but chic, and we didn't have to wait too long (but the tables were full). Food was amazing, we had papa a la Huancaina, anticuchos, and the classic cebiche for appetizers.  At first my friend was a little skeptical in going, because with parents as natives, he thought it might have been americanized. For entrees, we got sopa de pargo, risotto con lomo saltado, and seco norteno. It's not the menu, but they also offer chicha (sweet purple corn drink). Despite our first thoughts, our experience definitely changed our minds, and it was absolutely delicious (having chicha was the perfect ending). I would definitely go back if I am ever in Philadelphia.Unfortunately very unimpressed with this place. 
The restaurant is very small, everything is very tight, the servers tried but are unprofessional.
The service was very slow, the food was warm- cold when it came out and the wait is long too. 
Not going back, upsetting experience.A new place and very good. I tried Mixed spicy Ceviche and it was the best I ever tried (and I have been in Peru...). Super fresh fish and sea food. Really recommendedPerfect date spot! The restaurant has two levels - the downstairs is more restaurant feeling and has an amazing wood ceiling architecture (definitely check it out even if you're upstairs) and the upstairs is more bar/cocktail vibe. 
Ordered the ceviche classico as an app and one of their seafood rice entrees (felt like a paella). The entree itself was so so. Not a lot of flavor and is really just seafood thrown in with rice. I wouldn't be as critical but the prices should justify higher satisfaction. 
The real standout was the ceviche. Amazing flavor, good portions and sharing friendly. My date and I both discussed how we should've ordered a few ceviche options and shared as our entree. 
I definitely plan on coming back to try that out - pending my second try this will remain 5 stars or drop to 4 if we only like the ceviche.Not really catered to big groups. Had to wait about 20 mins even when we reserved for table in advance. Not as good as pio pio but best in philly. Waiter was amazing and helpful. Food was great! Some dishes were plentiful while others were on the smaller side for the price. Quality of the food is good. Pollo la brasa could be better. Lomo saltado is amazing. The ceviche was super fresh. Drinks are good but on the pricier end. Cousa was on the smaller end, and not as meaty as other restaurants. The chaufa was good and flavorful, quinoa was not as flavorful. Anticucho was good and fresh.First time here, and would definitely return. Service was a little slow, but the meal was great and reasonably priced.Absolutely amazing experience! Being a server of 6 years I've never had such amazing service! Victoria is truly a gem, her knowledge of the restaurant's authentic cuisine allowed us to not even glance at the menu once. Such an incredible person! Thank you so much for our experience, we'll most definitely be back soon!!! (ASK FOR VICTORIA)Overpriced. $4 per Inca Cola, which was mostly ice. Lomo Saltado was under cooked and cooked with soy sauce, which is not the traditional recipe. Yellow rice served with salmon was extremely salty.  The chef could benefit from some cooking lessons. Will not return.I decided to try this restaurant with my friend based on yelp reviews and due to the fact they were televising the soccer game. The menu has a decent amount of options at different price levels. Some of the portions are a bit small. The ambiance was great. Today they were extremely busy, but the servers were able to keep up with the influx of customers. I do plan on returning in the future and would recommend this restaurant to others.
PS: My friend loved their pisco sour!Updated Review: Vista Peru is wonderful both in terms of the authenticity of the food and service. I have been three times a week and will keep going back. All of the cebiches are generous portions and all are wonderful but treat yourself or share with a companion the Cebiche Vista Peru - it is cebiche made from a WHOLE large lobster. If you eat it alone you will be full - share and you will have room for a couple of entrees.  In addition to the Cebiche Vista Peru there are the  Cebiche Pulpo (octopus), Cebiche Classico (fish) Cebiche Shrimp and the Mixto Cebiche (mixed seafood). For entrees try the risotto version of Lomo Saldado (steak with tomatoes and onions) although both preparations are excellent. A companion tried the goat stew and loved it. The grilled octopus is great - all dishes with octopus are perfectly cooked with a perfect texture.  Seafood lover? You must try the Jalea (mixed seafood dish made up of fish fillet, shrimp and lots of squid with onions/tomatoes and cassava fries) If your dining companions are less adventurous (or if you bring the whole family including children) order the Chicken (Pollo La Braza) served in quarter, half or whole chicken portions served with rice and french fries and salad. It is a roasted chicken so ask for both the red and green sauces and ask for you rice wet (versus dry). The portions are generous so take that in account when ordering - you can always order more food. Be sure to select your spice level carefully. I love spicy food and find the medium level plenty hot. If you usually order medium, order it mild and ask for the red and green sauces on the side if you find you want more heat so you can tailor to your taste. Be sure to get their "green sauce" with the cebiches. We have had the rice pudding and flan - both wonderful as is the coffee (it is strong but will bring you hot  milk on the side).  Vista Peru is open 11AM to midnight. I love to go when it is less busy so I can talk with the staff but the kitchen is keeping up with patrons even when busy. The Pisco Bar drinks are beautiful and delicious. There is a deep purple non-alcoholic drink made from blue corn, other vegetables and sugar. It is wonderful and pairs well with the spicy food.  I order it with a glass of ice on the side and mix it with the small bottle of Perrier they offer. The addition of Vista Peru to the Center City dining options provides true authentic Peruvian food - and a level of quality rarely matched by any kitchen in the city. Early reviews pointed out some service issues - those have all been addressed. The wait staff now knows the menu and the ingredients but if you are totally unfamiliar with Peruvian food - some research on the internet is worth your time.Great food. Great cocktails.  Hands down one of the best places to eat in the area.  Don't miss out on this Philadelphia treasure!This is the 3rd time I am here and I love coming back. Especially the bartender Nick has been beyond competent, professional and approachable. I will definitely come back for more pisco sour.Went for a graduation party in May. Started with a variety of Ceviche appetizers, all outstanding! Flavors were fantastic. Fried Calamari good but portion size  was disappointing. Main courses were just ok. Wife had the grilled  shrimp, which was 4 butterflied and broiled, unseasoned dry shrimp. Served with boiled potatoes with no seasoning, sauce or even butter. I had the grilled octopus, serving platter and plating  was impressive but the octopus was also over cooked and nothing like boiled new potatoes, plain. Restaurant was very crowded but service was still outstanding. New restaurant still working out the kinks.I had a great date night here. Our server was Nathan and he was fantastic! He's knowledgeable about the menu and makes great reservations for those of us nervous about trying different things and those who are more adventurous! The atmosphere is casual and a great place to have good conversation and good food. I enjoyed the goat with rice and beans, which was perfectly seasoned. My loves one was a fan of the octopus. (Sorry we don't remember the official names).First time trying this restaurant, not first time having Peruvian food.
Overall a good experience. The restaurant is bright with cute, medium sized seating area.
The classics pisco sour is good, tangy and flavourful. The chica sour...not my favorite. The chilcano perfect for a summer night.
Now the food!
The chevice mixto is amazing, probably the best dish! The calamari are good as well, crunchy and rich in flavors. The yucca nice as well, not greasy at all.
The lomo saltado is good, classical flavours comes along a good hearty dish. Presentation needs a bit of work but a good dish.
The picante de marisco was good as well. Not at all spicy (but just ask for some spicy sauce and you'll be set!).
The arroz chaufa de pescado was unexpected and outstanding! Flavors were blending in a perfect mix of sweet and tangy.
Now....the last dish we tried...the chicken... Probably one of the most difficult dish to get right in a restaurant.....
Was.... chicken, a decently cocked chicken but just that....
Aside that, a good meal that add needed variety to Old City restaurant landscape!This new restaurant is wonderful. A beautiful and comfortable interior, great service, and a terrific menu. I had causa acevichada, a Peruvian style ceviche. The flavor was astounding. It was combined with mashed potatoes and avocado and a garnish of seaweed. Really specialWhat an amazing spot!  I had seen Vista Peru at a restaurant sampling event and got to sample their tasty food, leading to us venturing to the restaurant a couple months later.  Worth it!
The drinks are to die for.  The classic Pisco Sour, the drink of Peru, comes in many tasty varieties.  That was really the highlight!  The food was great, with plantains being the star of most of the dishes.  Definitely worth checking out.Great place!!! Authentic Peruvian food!!! The Ceviche was fresh and great! Love their Rocoto aji super hot hot delicious. Please keep everything authentic, i will def come back againGreat experience!! The restaurant has a very authentic feel to it and the food and drinks did not disappoint!! I'm a huge foodie and this place exceeded my expectations!What a huge disappointment. The decor is beautiful but the food is so underwhelming that I find it hard to believe the prices they charge. 
The ceviche Classico was ok but way to many onions that overwhelmed the dish. I like onions but I want to able to taste the other ingredients. Causa. Con pulpa de cangrejo was just ok. Not a very flavorful dish.
We were told the Camarones A Ajillo was one of their best dishes. I'd say it was average at best.  The Arros Chaufa DE. Camarones was absolutely uneatable. The fish was like rubber. The sauce was tasteless. And once again, too many onions.I was excited about trying this Old City Peruvian joint, after seeing pictures online and a post by the Infatuation. From start to finish though, this meal really missed the mark. Everything was decent, but nothing I'd come back for. 
When making a reservation, Vista Peru was noted as "good for birthdays", and we were hopeful for a lively interior. Unfortunately that fell short. The restaurant is divided into two small spaces, each one very uninspired, with a bit of wall art to try and liven it up. 
We started with the CEBICHE CLASICO, which was the best thing we ordered. This ceviche was very fresh - with acidic bursts from the lime juice. This meal was bright and fresh, and the best start (and part) of our meal. 
The CHORITOS A LA CHALACA were a grave disappointment. When you order mussels, you expect to have a heaping mile of mussels simmering in a flavorful broth. Instead, these were what I like to refer to as "mussel nachos". Six mussels were served on the half shell, dry, on a bed of lettuce and topped with a pico de gallo of sorts. They were flavorless and not how I ever expect to get mussels. I felt very tricked.
After the mussels, the CAMARONES A LA PLANCHA were a brief respite. The grilled shrimp were tender, and served with a tasty garlic dipping sauce. The side of TOSTONES were great - chewy and perfect for dipping into the sauce. 
Last up was the POLLO A LA BRAZA - the well known Peruvian chicken. This chicken wasn't as moist as expected, but the green sauce was good for dipping and helped to moisten up the chicken. The FRENCH FRIES simply weren't good, but the SIDE SALAD was simple and fresh. 
The entire experience at Vista Peru left a lot to be desired. Some dishes were good, while others were flavorless and bland. It wasn't awful, but I wouldn't recommend it or return there.I was very excited to try this restaurant as I've had friends go here and rave about the food. My experience though was not as good as they had described.  We split the calamari and that was decent good texture but too much breading. I ordered the rib-eye with shrimp which came with a garlic sauce, steamed vegetables and the plantains.  The rib-eye was very salty, and the shrimp and garlic sauce was good, vegetables were also salty and the plantains were very bland.  My colleague had the shrimp in garlic sauce and her shrimp were overcooked and rubbery.  I'm sure there are some good items on this menu, but I'd avoid these two entrees.Our server was so kind! A friend and I were searching for some quality Peruvian food in Philly...we found it here - all in the details, Vista Peru got it right all the way down to the canchas and chica morada. I recommend the ceviche, causa, and dish of the day! Get yourself a pisco sour - they made the most perfectly balanced pisco sour I've been able to find in the US, and the bartender knows his pisco varieties.Delicious Lomo Saltado! Do wish they had a more affordable lunch menu. Pricing is ok for dinner but should be lower for lunch.Wow, I'm very happy they opened.  Peruvian food is what I missed moving to Philly. We had made a reservation, and when the hostess didn't speak Spanish I was worried, but she found our reservation and a great table.  We started with the  Yuca Frita con Salsa a la Huancaina and some various Pisco Sours are traditionally made and amazing,  no powered, or premade mixes here. The ceviche tasted fresh,  was expertly prepared. Great Décor  we left full and happy :)First time I try Peruvian food and it is super good and yum. Cozy place with good food.I've delayed posting this review because the food was extremely underwhelming. We had dinner March 24th and we were really excited to try out this new restaurant... well... yeah... the food wasn't disgusting... there was just too much lime... lemon... onion... just too much. My teeth felt like they were eroding from how acidic the dishes were. I was so thankful for the plantains to balance that out. 
The dessert was tooooo sweet too. My poor tongue was on a roller coster ride. By the end of it all. 
The service was good. We had no issues with our reservations. The restaurant is small but has character. I really like that about the place. 
You can go here if you want but... lower your expectations.Came here on a Saturday night. Service was quick. Food was delicious. The ceviche was my favorite, flavorful and has the right amount of heat to it. The steak and octopus were good as well.We came in at 7pm and were worried that there were no other customers.   This also meant that we were given VIP treatment. We weren't sure what to order so we shared the paella, the other shrimp in cream sauce, plantains, and the lomo saltado. All of the food was delicious! We kept going even though we were full! Their drinks were great! All of the food was recommended by the waiters.I always make it a point to review restaurants that are excellent or terrible. This one falls in the first category. Excellent service and great foodReally great spot for dinner. The food was awesome and Pisco Sours were very tasty. The Octopus, Risotto con lomo saltado, and ceviche were extremely good. 
I went for the first time last night and will definitely go back!Love the food:  ceviche, lomo asado, seafood rice, etc. And great to get a nice pisco with it. Lovely atmosphere!Original flavors, fresh ingredients, def to recommend!
Recommend a sampler through the appetizer menu and some bar specials to get a full flavor experience. Also ask for a Pisco tasting if available.Great food but horrible horrible service. Waited 90 minutes for the food. Waiter messed up orders and forgot food. Not a comfortable temperature, way too warm. Not sure if the great food was worth it.I had the classic ceviche/whole chicken/ red snapper. The ceviche was ok but the chicken and red snapper were not. The chicken was dry,dry,dry. The whole red snapper was not fresh and it was overcooked. Our server was very nice but she seemed very new to the job.This restaurant was amazing!! The food tasted delicious, the staff was very attentive, and the drinks were boozy and good. The lomo saltado was on point, with the flavors mixing well and coming out rather promptly. The place is rather small and hot, but that's about the only complaint I had, everything else was beyond awesome. Definitely recommend, especially if you have never had Peruvian food. Try the lucuma ice cream!!!!Came to Vista Peru 2/24/18 
Let me begin with, this was their 1st day open, and it's just common sense to understand there is going to be mistakes, I LOVE THE DECOR, THE SPACE, THE MUSIC! As a born and raise Peruvian, I felt like Home! 
Drinks were excellent!
The menu has more than enough for Philly!
We order almost everything;)
Crab-meet Causa 
Ceviche Mixto  
Lomo saltado 
Arroz con mariscos 
Jalea 
Pisco Spur 
Wine  
On your 1st night open as a Business owner myself, I expected long wait for my food, 
I enjoyed my time there, I guess when you are with the right people and the right ambience everything else doesn't matter!
Please don't be misguided, Peruvian food IS NOT spicy, but you always have  the choice of adding amazing chili sauces (we have the best) if is your preference! 
I am already planning on coming back for the chicken! Peruvian tradition, and the Seco! and I'll update my review on that! 
-----PHL! FINALLY!I'd like to add another half star if I could. The missing star--which I think accounts for the vast mix of other reviews--is that the food experience depends on what you order. They are amazing at some dishes, weaker in others.
Jalea. This is the dish they've absolutely mastered. Perfect light fry coating that brings out the seafood flavors and spices. They do this even better than their sister restaurants, El Balconcito. 
Also excellent are the causa acevichada, ceviche, tiradito, paella. 
Less success with the chaufas (too much soy sauce and a little bland) and the Pollo a la brasa (dry). 
The arroz con mariscos is great, too (but El Balconcito does it better), but if you've ever upgraded to their paella it might be hard to revert.
Always excellent service too!Great Lomo Saltado.  The meat was tender and cooked to the deserved temperature.  The sauce was good (could have used a pinch more salt, but that's a simple fix).  Friendly staff.  I wish they did delivery, but we can't wait to return.We a Philly foodies and had to give this new place a try. We went here for our anniversary dinner with some friends. The food was soooo good. I enjoyed everything from the appetizers to dessert. The drinks were amazing. Atmosphere is ehh but the food makes up for it!!! Would highly recommend giving it a try.Nice addition to Old city. Would go back. 
Pros: 
Nice clean but beautiful interior including Peruvian textiles on the walls which was a nice touch. 
Portions were surprisingly last especially the Ceviche classico, which was excellent
Pisco Sour was excellent as well
Very nice waiter
Fried corn kernels for a snack were delicious
They have things such as bull's heart that (I think) you can't get elsewhere. 
Cons:
Fried rice with chicken was exactly like Chinese style fried rice and not a good version at that
Not used to such large servings of Ceviche - would probably have been better if it was smaller and more reasonably priced. 
Excellent date spot, great ceviche and ambiance.