The service and atmosphere at Volver was amazing. The food is good too and the plate presentation is probably the most intricate I have seen. My favorite was probably the miso soup made with tonkatsu broth, I had never had anything like it.  Ultimately, the experience was good, but for the price tag you can have several other great meals in Philadelphia. I agree with other reviewers that sharing a wine-tasting works out well.This is a review for Bar Volver. I can only comment on the service because we never got to try the food despite having a reservation. 
We planned for dinner before the Symphony, hired a babysitter, and made reservations weeks in advance for Bar Volver since it is in the Kimmel Center. When we arrived they told us that our table would be ready in 15 minutes...then another 15 minutes. A half an hour after our reservation and still no table or promise of one. We ended up leaving out of frustration (and hunger!). 
I understand that it is a bar area and that it is hard to predict when people will leave the table, but maybe then don't have reservations? I have never had this experience from a restaurant like this that is supposed to be of high caliber. The hostesses were polite, but still no offer to make it up to us. Very disappointing and disrespectful of people's time (made ever more precious when you have a babysitter!).Recently visited the dining room With my Mother. the meal was exquisite, Everything from the presentation, to the flavor profiles of each small ingredient. Having been to Laurel and other places which offer a similar type of menu this is up there with the best! Well worth the $95 per person price. Next time I will be going with the 12 course option. Keep up the great work Volver!Server was very personable. It was so cold in the restaurant (probably due to the large windows) - I never ask but I had to say something about turning up the heat. They didn't say no but offered a Pashmena instead. I would skip the prefix, over priced. The bar area has al la crate and was much busier.  Wine was way over priced too. Too many other great restaurants to over pay.Did the prix fixe dinner. Had the cereal and milk as well as the greens salad. Both were slightly over salted but still very good. The wagyu steak was amazing with the truffle cream. The fish of the day was amazing. The chocolate dessert very good. The ambiance is fantastic and the red wine from Portugal was great.FInally tried Volver after walking by a couple thousand times. A great pre/post-theatre option.
Every small plate was excellent but the chocolate dessert was a deconstructed flop of dry cake shards evocative of "I don't get it" modern art.I was just at Volver for their Wednesday drinks and snacks and will never return. The service was unacceptable. Our server did not return to our table for an hour. We tried to order snacks from another server but they never arrived.This place is out of this world. I'm surprised how few reviews there are (perhaps because it is expensive - but I promise it's worth it!) but I'm here to give this place a huge note of support. Though before I say that, I must caveat that this restaurant is not for everyone. It's inventive, it's willing to take risks, and it's open minded. Therefore, it is important that you go to this restaurant with that same mindset. We came here for a birthday dinner and I had no idea what to expect. Is this a Spanish restaurant? I know it serves tapas and small plates and it has a Spanish name, but what's up with the accent above the e? That doesn't exist in Spanish! But you know what - it doesn't matter what identity crisis the name might have with this restaurant, it was such an experience to dine here. The service was the utmost professional and even offered me a pashmina if I got cold (I did). He guided us through the entire wine menu, the tasting menu itself, and made a perfect enough of small talk to show that he pays attention without being distracting or intrusive. 
In sum, it was a pleasure to dine here and I'm so glad to have it be a part of my Philly dining experience. I definitely hope you all make it one for you too.You really have to check this restaurant out. Here's the deal as you gaze on in from the outside it is beautiful but deceptive. It looks fancy and snazzy but with the glass windows it may appear small and cold but I have news for you it is quite the opposite!!! It is grandiose and warm once you walk in. The interior design is intricate and intriguing. From an art perspective is a masterpiece of negative space shapes, color medleys and lighting design. It has a sweeping and beautifully designed bar. The food presentation is in concert with this restaurant's amazing interior design ( and of course attached to the Kimmel Center if you are coming or going to a musical concert). Speaking of design the food design is absolutely the most exotic blend of tastes. The cheese selection is exquisite. The drinks were also extremely creative and extremely good and full of dimension. I ordered the fish special, pate deviled eggs, the Queen Bee drink ( it is hard to find places with cool gin cocktails.. you have to try this one), a chocolate dessert, the Mixto cheese plate and Mixto meat plate! I can't wait to return and "Volver" again and again!!! Volver is a must in Philadelphia!Sure, I'll write the first review of the tasting menu. :P
Fiancé and I booked tickets to Volvér for the Sunday after its opening. This happened to be Easter Sunday, and that fact in conjunction with the adolescence of the restaurant contributed to us being one of three tables dining there that evening. We opted for the Performance Tasting: $175 per person, plus tax and gratuity paid prior to our arrival in our ticket price (I believe it was ~$450 total for the two of us). Drinks were surveyed and purchased at dinner and paid for at the end of the meal.
First thing you'll notice is the space is quite beautiful. No stuffy white on white on white - the design and color palette you see on the website translates to the space inside Volvér; calming shades of dark blue/grey and silver with hints of white. The space is dark in that sense but not unwell lit. You'll first walk past the bar/lounge area, then enter the dining space. The open kitchen amounts to almost half of the space: it's a rectangular setup with an inner island. Here you can watch the staff as they prepare, cook, and plate your meal. The kitchen is quiet, portraying a discipline expected of a restaurant serving food of this caliber (read: price). The rest of the space displays a spacious 34-seat floor plan, with full floor-to-ceiling window panels spanning the length of the room opposite the kitchen. We were seated at a two-top next to the glass windows, where I could people-watch on my left and kitchen-watch on my right. My coat was hung, and when I was about to put my purse on the floor, our waiter, Geoffrey, came by with a Volvér branded purse hook to hang off of our table. How cute.
Drink list was offered via iPad. Waiter had great suggestions on cocktails dependent on our base liquor of choice, and drinks were offered at weaker/stronger mixes if we felt they hadn't come out to our liking. I had the Sugar Snap (it tasted like the BluePrint pineapple mint juice with a hint of vodka, which I suppose is neither a good nor bad thing), and my fiancé had the Basil Chile Smash (he approved) and the Bancock Gibson (a little strong for me, but he enjoyed). I opted to have a single glass of wine to be served during the heavier portion of my meal, and requested the waiter simply recommend and serve as he found appropriate (we went for a medium-bodied French Pinot Noir). Cocktails were $12 each and my glass of wine was $20. Weren't incredibly impressed with the drinks, but weren't unhappy with them either. However, I do expect something with more wow-factor at that price.
The Performance tasting menu, originally publicized as 12 courses, was presented to us as 14. My shellfish allergy was taken care of with no problem (ok I lied, my throat itched just a bit during/after the squid dish which originally had some kind of shellfish foam, but it was so minor I didn't need to say anything). Plates were set down in synchronization and our waiter told Garces' story and concept behind each dish. Standouts include the Milk and Cereal (very well thought out and wonderfully executed. My favorite of the night), the KFS (a play on KFC, my fiancé's favorite), and the deconstructed carrot cake, with a presentation eerily similar to Grant Achatz's end dessert at Alinea (instead of the plastic table cloth with the ball of white chocolate and goodies dropped and shattered into a million delectable pieces, the carrot cake components came on a wooden board encompassing the entire table, with a coconut mousse in the middle, smashed open by our waiter. Similar effect, similar share-able presentation). Did not find myself disappointed in any one dish, though was incredibly full (it started with the Petit Pois, which while deliciously smothered in butter, was too large a portion of something that tastes the same in each bite). Couldn't even finish the end of the savory courses (fish and beef), despite both being very good.
At the end of our meal we received a printed copy of the tasting menu signed by Chef de Cuisine Natalie Maronski. We left full and tipsy, walked up 15th street back to our condo, and found out we were fortunate to have mentioned to our waiter where we lived since it was so close to the restaurant: 3 blocks into our walk home, Geoffrey tapped my fiancé on the shoulder, having run after us in his full suit and tie in the cold weather, my fiancé's forgotten credit card in hand. Service was at its best, during and after the meal.
Overall, we're pleased that Garces has ventured into such a high level of dining for the Philadelphia scene. Not entirely sure the target market in the greater area is large enough to sustain the restaurant and its business model, but time will tell. If I had friends visiting from NYC and I wanted to impress them, I'd happily take them to Volvér (though the lack of flexibility in changing tickets would make it a bit stressful). Great ambiance, acceptable drinks, pretty good to amazing food, and fantastic service. 4/5 would recommend.Just say NO. I love Garces and while Volver might be a great place for some, it just wasn't for this fella and his gal. I took my wife there for her birthday and I'm giving Volver two stars because Sarah (?) the pastry chef is amazing. 
To start, we arrived ten minutes early and were asked to wait at the bar. No big deal. I ordered a cocktail (and I love a good cocktail), but this spicy concoction with a pepper draped across the top was just not good. My wife enjoyed her NA cocktail. 
When we were shown our table, it turned out that it was available the entire time. I'm guessing it's policy to seat you at the bar until the appointed time of your reservation? Fine. Whatever. The bar was dead. 5 of us at 8:30 on a Saturday night. 
Has anyone watched Samurai Gourmet on Netflix? There's an episode where the main character is eating at a restaurant and the explanation of each dish is so long that he doesn't know what he's eating. That was me. The whispering waitresses were hard to follow. 
So the food started. I'll try to copy our menu. Let me say this. I like salt, but everything was very SALTY. The apps. Very ho-hum. The Otoro was swimming in a sauce and different flavors to the point where I didn't taste the tuna belly. Idk. Call me weird, but that fatty melt in your mouth piece of fish is so brilliant on its own. The king crab was so delicate and amazing, but the accompanying curry was the saltiest of them all. The A5 Miyazaki Sirloin. I was so excited!! Well maybe that was saltier than the curry? Cooked perfectly. But I just couldn't get past the salt. I scraped the crust off the steak and it helped. 
The desserts!! Yummy. The only things we ever want to eat again. My coffee came out lukewarm. I don't send food (or coffee) back ever, but it was almost a first. My wife's tea was steaming hot so I don't know what happened. 
Dinner for two, two cocktails (one without alcohol), cup of coffee and tea. They include a service fee as well so no math for me on this night. Final tab: $365. How many great dishes and glasses of wine could I have enjoyed at Amada for that price?
Service and desserts were excellent. Timing was very slow. 3 hours from start to finish. Our saving grace was a show at the Kimmel Center let out which made for some terrific people watching.Unimpressed! Had high expectations and all were not met. With an upscale place like this, you pay for the overall experience and this experience deserves no praise. 
Service:
Let me start by saying we had a reservation on New Years Eve at 10 PM. We got there around 9:40- the hostess said 20-minute wait. Sure, that's fair. We were seated at exactly 10 PM, but the table we were seated at was in an empty section marked "reserved" and entire reserved space (located to the right as soon as you walk into the dining room) had been empty the entire time. Not a big deal but we definitely could have been seated earlier. Our waiter, Jarrod, had obviously been flustered because he was friendly but seemed like he was rushing and constantly running around. A different server took our drink orders (which we never got) and when we asked where our drinks were, Jarrod had no idea we even placed the order! We sat halfway through our dinner waiting for our drinks. Other than that, he checked up on us a few times but overall lousy service. Maybe he had too many tables? His intentions meant well but the execution was 1 star out of 5.
Food/Drinks: 
We started with a few cocktails (Don Juan and Old Spice), and Bailey's on ice along with champagne. When our cocktails came out, all met expectations but nothing was "wow". For the food, we ordered Milk & Cereal (3/5), which was presented beautifully but tasted like a bowl of warm milk with pieces of chopped ham floating in it. There was virtually no flavor but the truffle or whatever was floating in it was a nice touch. I did like the Tuna Tartare (3.5/5), although for a 5-star restaurant, the dish could be better- the tuna itself was really fresh and the caviar topping was great but the toasted bread was not enough for the amount of Tuna and lacked flavor. The Ricotta Gnudi (3/5) was very rich and had hints of mushroom. For desserts, get the Orange Parfait (4/5) and skip the chocolate one (1/5). The Orange Parfait was light, had great flavor, and was presented beautifully. The chocolate one tasted like a baking experiment gone wrong, although it looked very pretty!
Ambiance:
The overall ambiance of the place is nice- upscale, modern, and cozy. That was one of the only redeeming qualities of the restaurant. 
I really wanted to like this place but it's just not worth it. I could get a better meal/service at a restaurant with one "$" rather than "$$$$". Save your money and if you want upscale, go to Morimoto instead and see what upscale really is.The 12-course tasting menu featured excellent service and amazing food. Our Sunday 6pm reservation only seated us with 4 others. Pro tip: do a wine pairing, but share. 
I also happened to come by a few days later to try Bar Volver and tried the amazing Truffle Rush, which immediately became my favorite cocktail in Philly. Get it!Impeccable service from beginning to end- starting with hostess offering to take our coats, to table staff, to chefs. iPad of beverage choices with ability to flag drinks your are considering. Dining area is cozy, seats are comfortable lounge chairs. Quiet atmosphere allowing conversations with chefs but also intimate conversation. Sat at a table facing chefs and watched the teams prepare each course meticulously- almost each one used tweezers to perfect presentation. Table staff was attentive but not overly so, perfect timing of courses arriving and removal of objects from table (never too long and never too soon). We had a main waiter but it was a team effort to make sure we were well cared for. While each course wasn't large, we left perfectly satisfied- not over full. Each course offered a variety of flavors and tantalized the taste buds. My favorites were the tuna (which I've had often before but not with this combination of accompanying flavors), the beef (melt in your mouth- which I didn't believe until I found it to be true- perfectly cooked with slightly crispy/sweet on the outside, tender, and dashes of sauces to compliment nicely, the potatoes (white truffles brought to table and shredded on top - amazing!), and the creme dessert in eggshell (sweet with the perfect zing of salt). The chefs were fascinating to watch and very friendly/open to general inquiry.  I'd highly recommend and look forward to an occasion to return with friends to share the experience with.What can I say, Everything and everyone was phenomenal. Came here for the Valentine's 10 course meal & enjoyed every bit of it. We sat in the back part of the restaurant where you can see the chefs plating everything, which was fun and interesting to watch. The staff definitely knew their stuff and the transitions between each of the meals were flawless. Can't wait to visit again.During a visit to Philly, I had the pleasure of dining at Volvér. As many other reviewers have stated, the 6 or 12 course tasting menu is nothing short of a gastronomical dining experience. However, before I describe that, i must note that it is also the personalized service at Volvér that solidifies this as a 5 star dining experience.   For example, once he noticed that I  was left-handed and had to cross my plate to pick up my utensils, my server rearranged each dish to put the utensils on my left side for my greater ease.
Now, onto the food: I chose to do the 6 course menu with a glass of Chad Pinot Noir selected for me by the server. The light and flavorful wine went perfectly with my food.  From the moment I tasted the Siberian Sturgeon Caviar, I knew I was in for one of the best dining experiences of my life. This seemingly unassuming treat burst into an array of flavors on my tongue that I wish I could re-experience! As the tasting menu progressed, each dish that was brought to me was described in detail. I knew that the Kentucky Fried Squab would be amazing, however, to my surprise the dish that came after- Beef On Embers- was the most delicious slice of meat i've ever had!
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to be wowed by their meal. The 6 course tasting menu did, in fact, fill me up. I dropped by the bar after for a signature cocktail and was not disappointed there either.I love this place. It's a little hard to read given than its in the Kimmel Center but it's totally worth it. The service and food are second to none. Worthy of a Michelin rating. Fun, whimsical and full of flavor. Case in point - try the 'milk and cereal'. Big open kitchen too. You get to see the "process". I'm a big fan and will come back.I'm still a new enough Philadelphian that I haven't visited too many places multiple times. There's just so many fine dining and drinking establishments to repeat.... right?
Wrong.
Confession: last week, I went to Bar Volver 5 nights in a row. Yup... After night three, each time bringing a new guest (or pair of guests) to experience the wonder with me, I figured why not go for the five-peat? Encouraged by mixologist master Scott Rodrigue, I kept bringing new friends and family to spread the word of this, IMHO, shockingly deserted bar. I'm not sure if folks realize that you can stroll in and grab a cocktail and an upscale bar snack without dropping nearly $200. The signature cocktails ring in at $12 each, a bargain compared to some other cocktail bars that I shan't name here. And I'll go ahead and reveal that, over my week of Volvering, I tried 7/9 of Volver's signature cocktails, in addition to one or two bespoke cocktails whipped up by Scott himself.
Sugar Snap: My very favorite, the drink I revisited again and again, was the Sugar Snap. Traditionally a vodka drink, per suggestion, I enjoy it with gin. It also features sherry, citrus, and the juice from sugar snap peas. Nothing could taste lighter, fresher, and like liquid spring. 
Bancock Gibson: I'm not one for martinis, but liquid courage and verbal encouragement from Scott, I dove into a Bancock Gibson, a gin based cocktail complete with lemongrass and vermouth. The garnish was a sous vide-ified onion, which was actually a delightful splash of flavor in a surprisingly smooth cocktail.
Basil Chile Smash: Visually stimulating, this eye catching gin-based cocktail has tastes of lime, basil, and a few hot drops of housemade tomato chile oil. Each splash of chile that hit my mouth led to an explosion on the tastebuds, and a very enjoyable cocktail all the way through. I had to make sure not to share this one TOO much as my partner for the evening found it more enjoyable than his drink of choice.
Mission Margarita: Reposado tequila, Perdo Ximinez sherry, lime, and fig jam?! I LOVE FIGS!! And I REALLY loved this drink. A little sweeter than I normally choose, but life's too short to not treat yourself now and then with a sweet treat.... more on that soon.
Smoked Marcona Old Fashioned: I affectionately consider most Old Fashioned's that I've tried borderline rocket fuel. After a tumultuous undergrad, bourbon and I sometimes don't get along very well. But take some torched alder wood, smoke the hell out of a glass, and add housemade marcona almond bitters, and suddenly.... we're (still kind of lukekwarm) friends. Pleasant, though I preferred to share with friends than enjoy all on my own.
Truffle Rush: Ok.... have you ever enjoyed the truffle lavender honey over manchego cheese at Garces' Amada? Now imagine that liquified. You've got this bourbon-based cocktail. Savory, incredibly interesting... but not something I would order unless many sips were being had by others. Too much going on for my palate.
Broad and Spruce: Ahhh I see what they did there. Another sweet drink, my mother chose this cocktail and was NOT disappointed. Rum, Licor 43, pineapple, and bitters, it tasted like it should be called The Tahiti Hawaii instead of the, far closer, Broad and Spruce. Staycation in a glass.
If none of these are to your taste, I suggest leaving yourself in the very capable hands of the skilled mixologists. There are enough ingredients and options for fans of all flavors.
Thus far, I've enjoyed a wagyu tartare and a salmon tartare, both served with herb-grilled focaccia, both melt-in-your-mouth. Three pieces, perfect for any trio (or a very hungry single).
Here's a recommendation: Go for the dessert. Their petits fours can be ordered as 8 pieces or 12 pieces.... and as incredible as the petits tartes with chocolate or salted caramel were.... I kinda just wish I had 8 Canneles (unsure of how to make that word plural... unless it already is plural... oh, French.) A small French pastry with a soft and tender custard center and a dark, thick caramelized crust (thanks WIkipedia), this was just a game changer like I have never tried before.
Can't wait to go back... maybe not for 5 nights in a row (they're closed Sundays in the summer, so that would be impossible for a while). But goodness it's lovely.Adam the Bartender par excellence is worth the visit alone! Fantastic, revamped menu.
Delicious delicately seasoned perfectly prepared loin lamb chops WOW from 15 April 2016 pre concert Cat Stevens/Yusuf 50 years.Nice place but could use some customer service training to bartenders, she was very rudeThis place is awesome! We didn't piece 2 and 2 together and were happily surprised when we found it in the kimmel Center. The decor is very classy and romantic. They sat us at a 2 top all the way in the corner, which was very private. we began with the tuna tartare, which was served with long croutons. We then got the steak and the fish of the day, which were both perfectly cooked. We were glad we got the appetizer or else we would have been hungry. We finished with a chocolate puff pastry dessert with mousse in side- yum! We also got the whiskey drink with date and pomegranate flavoring and the blood orange vodka drink, which were weren't huge fans of. Good service by Jared. We'll be back!**This review is for Bar Volver**
One of my new favorite things to do before and/or after seeing a show at the Kimmel is go to Bar Volver in the hopes that Scott is behind the bar. If I see that well-manicured beard and handlebar mustache behind the bar, I know I'm in for some of the best cocktails.
I've been here a few times and had the opportunity to try a number of different drinks, some on the menu and some off. The Mayor Nutter, a nice play on a hazelnut-based drink, was lovely with some shaved charred cinnamon garnish. Another fantastic drink is the Truffle Rush, which others have reviewed. Personally, I think it's got a great balance of lavender truffle honey to bourbon with the bourbon beign far less forward. For a girl that isn't too keen on bourbon, this is a winner of a drink for me.
Honestly though, one of the real gems of Bar Volver is Scott. He's been with the restaurant since before day one and really puts his drinks where his mouth is, with an incredible knowledge of spirits as well as teh history behind drinks, what neat creations can be paired for the most discerning of tastes, etc. He does this all without being pretentious or snooty, which can sometimes come with the territory if you're trying new cocktails and mixers and have a bartender that's way too cool for school. That's not the case with Scott. On my last trip, I had mentioned I was in the mood for a gin-based cocktail but not a gin and tonic. He asked me a few questions "Do you like some spice in your drinks?" "Do you want something more fruity or spirit-forward?" and eventually we landed on the Basic Chili Smash. This wonder drink tastes like summer in a glass--something I could drink all day long. 
I've tried some of the tapas that the bar has to offer and to be truthful, I know it's Jose Garces and I know it's uber-fancy but MAN, the prices charged for the little food that comes out doesn't jive with me. I'd definitely go elsewhere if you're hungry but don't screw up and skip the bar for a quality, well-crafted drink.The website says they have dinner until 11pm and when I asked for a 10pm reservation after the Philadelphia Orchestra I was told they close at 9pm. Horrid way to start my experience with this establishment.My boyfriend and I went to Bar Volver on Valentines day and had an average experience. The service was incredibly slow for such an expensive restaurant. It look at least 15 minutes from sitting down before the server poured us water and asked for our drink orders. We actually had to pull aside waiters through out the night to ask for silverware or ask to put in more drinks. 
I would say the food was delicious if not for the steak tenderloin I ordered. I received two small pieces of steak, the worst part being that both pieces were the ends of the steak and cooked medium to well when the chef recommended and I had asked for it medium rare. I dont think any restaurant, let alone a very nice and expensive restaurant, as Bar Volver, should be serving its customers the ends of the steak. I was VERY disappointed. Luckily, my boyfriend ordered the Organic (fried) Chicken, which was two huge pieces so I was able to eat some of his.
Lastly, to end the night on a negative note, my boyfriend had received two $25 gift cards to Garces restaurants, which we had planned to use. The waiter was able to use one, but said the other did not work for whatever reason. You would think for a place like this they would accept the gift card since our bill was so expensive and the service up to that point wasnt on par, but there was no reconciliation. I would like to say perhaps it was just a fluke and I would try Bar Volver or the restaurant again, but I dont think I am willing to risk it again for the cost.Off the charts good. Service was incredibly polished and attentive without being overbearing. Every dish was executed perfectly and the fact that the pairing incorporated champagne, sake, wine (then champagne again), was outstanding. 
Higlights Included:
-Tsukiji Market Fish (hiramasa in our case). Delicate fish, cold green apple "snow", horseradish cream. Spectacular
-Milk & Cereal Dish
-Beef On Embers
-Elderflower Panna Cotta (wife said it was the best dessert she ever had)
Will return. Incredible experience.Sat at the bar because, why not!  And we didn't have reservations. The bartender (Natasha) was super fantastic. Friendly and loads of fun n to interact with. Ordered a cheese plate (yum) and shrimp toast which you have to try...very unique and definitely a good item to eat even though I'm not usually a shrimp toast person.  Will definitely get that again. Also had the prawns but I was not as happy as that as I was with my shrimp toast and cheese plate. 
I was very happy with the bartender. Give Natasha a big shout out. She made the first time experience a A++This is really the most amazing dining experience I've had.
The tasting menu is constructed around experiences in Iron Chef Jose Garces's life.  We had Monterey squid with a caviar tapioca to highlight his time in Singapore; we had "milk and cookies" with almond milk, truffles, and chicken oysters as a reminder of his childhood, etc.  The 14 courses (!) were universally incredible and the wine pairings were both unusual and perfectly matched.  The service was the best I have experienced at a high-end restaurant.
We had a drink at the bar afterwards.  While the liquor selection could be more diverse, the service was again fantastic.
The meal here is comparable (and probably superior) to Manresa or the French Laundry on the west coast.  I hope the Philadelphia can support it.The restaurant is very expensive, but justifies the price with the quality of its food and service.  My wife and I had never been to the restaurant before, but were given a very comfortable table that was great for people watching through the picture windows (great for Halloween!).  We normally find wine pairings to be a ripoff, but these wine pairings were interesting and unusual.  We shared one between the two of us.  The service was uniformly outstanding, extending to an occasional extra and even walking us to our taxi after the meal.  The food is sophisticated. Although no one dish stood out, every course in the 12 course tasting menu was unique and tasty.  I also tried two cocktails, which were both excellent.  I list it as a "must return" whenever I'm in Philadelphia.Fantastic food for a fantastic price! Their cocktails are absolutely delicious too. Try the one with the truffle and they made a really good hot toddy as well. Their take on KFC is phenomenal and was one of the best dishes all night. It was our anniversary and they went above and beyond by printing our pictures on personalized menus and giving us a small goodie bag as left with a personalized anniversary wish signed by everyone as well as the recipe to the truffle rush cocktail that we had loved. Their bread is literally the best bread I have EVER eaten in my life!!
One small gripe - the person who was looking after us (serving us) had someone else switch with him for a significant part of the meal without informing us- which is not a big deal in a 'normal' restaurant , but we felt a snob factor involved there.  Also, we weren't served the famous milk and cereal as well. 
But this was truly amazing and my small gripe takes nothing away from Volver. Love it and I'll be back!Volver just reopened three days ago and the place felt a bit disjointed.  Did the 8 course tasting menu and thought there were a couple star dishes (the miso soup, the salmon mousse amuse bouche) but most of the dishes fell flat and weren't memorable which is not great considering the price tag. Also didn't think the meal made a ton of sense as one experience. 
Great cocktails. Service was great but man, it was SO QUIET in the place that you could a pin drop on a Friday night.  Not exactly a party!I am between 3.5 and 4 stars. The experience was great - our server explained each plate and its origins perfectly, and it was wonderful to hear how each of the plates evolved from places Garces has lived or visited. I gave it 3.5-4 stars because I felt like the majority of the plates were oversalted - particularly the pea soup. I wish it wasn't since I love pea soup, so this was a let down. 
The standouts for me throughout the meal: 
- Milk and Cereal
- Snapper with apple gelee (amazing!) 
- Kobe beef (I was a bit full at this point, but the one slice I had melted in your mouth)
Again, I thought the experience was great, but wished it was less salty overall.Went to the bar at Volver last night and was blown away by the experience. The sophisticated atmosphere could only by topped by the superb drinks that Scott had artfully prepared. The truffle rush, basil chili smash and the sugar snap were all unique and complexion in their flavors. The wagyu tartine made me want to come back and try the dinner menu. Bravo!I visited Volver with a group during happy hour and sat at the bar. I tried the following:
Flwry cocktail -Too strong for me but it had a nice lavender after taste. It was like being punched and then immediately comforted. 
Salt & pepper wings- The wings were tender but not that flavorful, the sauce was at the very bottom and it tasted pretty good but I didn't start tasting it until I had 2 wings left that were obviously at the bottom. 
Olivier (salad)- It was pretty tasty but very small, and it had eggs which isn't mentioned on the menu. I wish I would have known about the eggs ahead of time.
The bartender was okay he seemed like he really didn't want to be there or he doesn't like people...either way I don't care.
Overall I wasn't impressed. I will not go back.I had the highest of hopes for Volver and when Sari A. mentioned they had a restaurant week menu, I was totally sold on getting in the door. 
First thing's first. There's Volver and Bar Volver. Volver has the fancy, expensive tasting menu. Bar Volver has the more reasonable bar menu. Bar Volver was participating in restaurant week. 
All started off well. I was greeted very warmly when I entered and joined my party already seated. We had a cozy little bar table/booth against the east-most wall. Although it was restaurant week, they were still honoring their regular happy hour menu. We started with happy hour beverages and a cheese to split. 
I will cut to the chase on this review. The service was slow and disjointed. Yes, it was restaurant week. I'm well aware service in general is notorious for being subpar during this gimmicky time to dine. HOWEVER... and this is a big however. Bar Volver is located in the Kimmel Center. They should be fully prepared to handle a large crowd, at an appropriate speed, at any given time. The restaurant wasn't particularly crowded during our visit either. I don't want to hear restaurant week as an excuse for this establishment. 
There was a generous lag time before any food preparation even came into play. It took a while for them to put through very basic requests, like a cup of ice.  Our server never checked on us after our entrees were served. Not once. We sat around for a while waiting for plates to be cleared. I also found it odd that she would address a specific member of the group when a general question was asked. I'd truly expect better service-wise. 
So of course, you want to hear about the food. It was pretty good, but nothing really extraordinary:
St. Stephen: I probably liked the cheese plate the best. The cow cheese was creamy and accented so nicely with a touch of honey.  
Kale Salad: The kale salad had a surprise topping of full anchovies. I was happy that the kale was chopped versus whole leaves. The garlic dressing tasted more like a standard Caesar though. 
Organic Chicken: While I thoroughly enjoyed the dish, it really wasn't anything "special." The boneless chicken had a crisp, seasoned fried breading and was deceivingly much larger than it looked. Unfortunately, while it was mostly boneless, I did find a few bones here and there. The white meat was very juicy and tender. Would it be weird to rave about the biscuit? It was probably one of the best biscuits I've ever had. It was so light, fluffy, buttery and piping hot. But I'm not going to Volver, or even Bar Volver for the biscuit. 
Orange and Pistachio Parfait: Everything took so long that we ended up asking for our desserts to be wrapped up. They had issues packaging this specific dessert to go, although it ended up in a small, plastic dish similar to one would receive with miso soup. I'm not sure what the challenge was. The orange meringue had a nice flavor and texture, but I wasn't a fan of the vanilla egg cream. I won't be too critical since it's not meant to travel, but it kind of looking like bubbling dish soap and didn't have a ton of flavor. 
To sum up, I was rather disappointed with the experience. While I'd probably pop in at some point to give Bar Volver another shot, I'm not going to take that leap of faith, and heavy investment, to try Volver.Disappointing is my first reaction. In short, it was "nice", but not what you'd expect from Chef Jose Garces.  You have two options for dinner:  1) a six course tasting menu, or 2) a 12 course tasting menu.  We had the 6-course tasting menu.  
CREATIVITY, PRESENTATION & ATTENTION TO DETAIL | **EXCELLENT
Top notch on the creativity, presentation, and the attention to detail.  The open kitchen gives you insight into the teamwork and precision of this brigade, and they are top notch.  Plates are meticulously assembled with chop sticks, tweezers, and precision placement of various drops of sauces, micro-greens, etc.  Each plate was a work of art, and the creative combinations of sauces, foams, mouses, accent spices, dressings, etc. were well done - each meticulously placed on the plate.
FOOD TASTE | **GOOD
I would place this in the "good" category.  Some items were just OK, meaning I was not overwhelmed with a "wow", but out of the 6-course item, I'd say 2 were like that.  The rest were nice, good to pretty good, but not "wow".  The flavor profiles of the dishes were very good in and of themselves, in the sense that there was a great mix of textures, good use of fresh ingredients, and creative seasonings when items were pre-combined on the plate.  There were several plates where there were droplets of various sauces or accent items.  Overall, I expected more pop, more "holy crap this was the best thing I ever tasted" type of experience, and I unfortunately didn't have that at all.
FOOD PORTIONS | **POOR
I don't mean to be harsh or seem ill informed on the notion that this is a tasting menu, however the portions were incredibly small - too small.  No one was looking to "fill up" on any single dish, but there was just not enough on each plate to satisfy your palette or your hunger.  For example, we were served a sashimi course with 2 slices of sashimi placed in a mouse-like horseradish sauce.  The amount of fish was a normal slice of sashimi that you would get at a sushi restaurant but cut in half - that's it.  Another example was a piece of filet mignon that was grilled, but the piece was a little over 1" by 1" in size, sliced from a larger piece - in essence, one filet was split amongst our entire table of 6 diners.  Lastly, we had deep fried squab, two small nugget sized pieces about the size of a large marble.  What is missing here are two items, 1) in order for the diner to appreciate the flavors and textures of the food, it's difficult to get that in two bites.  So while the squab or sashimi was good, it was hard to experience the food because after two bites it was gone.  2) I was actually hungry still and when dessert began to be served, I was still hoping for another couple of dishes.  One more "bite" per plate would have gone a long way I believe in not only enhancing the food taste rating, but the satisfaction of the guests.
SERVICE | **EXCELLENT
The service and staff are top notch.  Very attentive but not disruptive, they keep pace with the pace of your party, they are considerate of various dietary restrictions (we had a couple of vegetarians in our group of 6), and the know the menu very well.
DRINKS | **EXCELLENT
If you are into wines, cocktails, etc. they have an excellent selection for both.  Top notch wines and a wine pairing option with your dinner.  Cocktails are unique and very well done.  
------------------------------------
SUMMARY - OK
------------------------------------
A well executed "downtown experience" with an up-scale, european ambiance, excellent service, and well presented and creative dishes.  Where Volver misses the mark is in the execution of the food itself, from the portion sizes being one to two bites shy of expectations and the flavors, although well done, don't overwhelm the guest with wanting more.Service was very very slow.  Ridiculous small portions.  Very limited menu. I will never go back or recommend.Came here to Bar Volver for a couple weeks ago for Restaurant Week and was sorely disappointed in the experience. From start to finish, I was there for 2 hours and my companions longer than that. By the time I left, we were still waiting for the dessert which I left there.
The issue wasn't the food (I ordered the kale salad and fried chicken) which were delicious. My cocktails were also very enjoyable. The problem was mostly our server. Everything took an inordinate amount of time between getting our cocktails and food ordered. I asked her twice for ice and after a half hour asked another server for the 3rd time. She never gave me silverware or a plate which took me a while to get her attention to get. 
Additionally, it took a while in between courses to get the food which added to the 2-2.5 hour meal. 
While everyone (including the server) were friendly, the slowness of everything would deter me from going back.My wife's boss had a Christmas party here and the bar area was reserved for the party. 
We got a couple of cocktails and then took a walk to tour the restaurant which was just around the corner and down the short hall. The kitchen is open which we both love and we chatted with the maitre de as we are returning this Saturday for a proper sit down meal. The venue is inside the Kimmel Center and we parked right under it. Very convenient.
The bartender, who was quite pleasant and willing to chat up the various drinks, had a number of interesting cocktails which we sampled. We really enjoyed Once Upon a Thyme in Mexico. He made me a perfect Vesper. The food was wonderful and ranged from specialty sushi rolls to beef sliders. I loved the sliders and had more than one. The service was outstanding and the hostess, who we later learned was the owner's wife, was always in view ensuring all was well.
If we had thought ahead we would have stayed in town avoiding the drive home and had another unique cocktail. I will post again after our meal this Saturday.
The only reason I am giving a four star and not five is because we did not experience the entire offering but we will shortly, and are both looking forward to that.
We returned this past Saturday for the twelve course menu and were extremely happy with everything.  Service was over the top attentive and Gordonna the sommelier spent some time with us and provided a complimentery sparkling white for some of our earlier courses.
The restaurant is small and there were five captains who served in what seemed like a team as we actually saw each one of them at certain points. I noted that the table setting was a bit out of order and mentioned to my wife who said I was being hyper critical. Any way as soon as the first server arrived it was corrected. We orders a Guarachi Pinot noir which went perfectly with the middle and back end of the tasting. I am not going to make a forced march through each course but will comment that the Iberico Ham Wellington was perfect. I saw one previous comment that this was not so good. Suffice that the food was outstanding.
Ambience is a bit spartan but well done. We really enjoy seeing the open kitchen and watching our dishes being prepared. 
It was a Birthday dinner for my wife and all went well.  We do not typically eat in these type of establishments on a regular basis as the price is quite high but it was good for us for a special occasion.  We will definitley return.   
Mark & Nancy.Great food, but below-average service.
Volver cuisine is superb, the flavours tegined, the dishes creative: the "milk & cereal" was really asparagus soup with tasty added morcels. The lightly-breaded steak in the Gyu Katsu was tender and tasty.  The fish of the day was also delicious, as were the tiny salmon cannoli. The chocolate mousse and orange parlays wee also scrumptious. The presentation was beautiful in all cases.  
The decor is spare modern, nice but not my taste in elegance. The service was not good, friendly, but forgetful and inattentive. Our drinks did not arrive before our appetizers and arrived at all only because I waved to the waiter to get them. No one came by to replenish our water. The waiter tried to make amends over the undelivered drinks by offering coffee, then forgot to serve it and delivered it cold only after I asked after it. Another waiter was much more effective and knowledgeable.
Prices are high but not for this special Restaurant Week menu, whose portions were fairly small.This place is top notch.  There is nothing to be said that has not already been said.  The food was amazing and the service was impeccable.  The courses came out one right after the other..seamlessly.  I referred one of my friends here and she said the exact same thing..it wasn't a fluke accident.  They don't play at Volver!  We also found out that they have a guest bartender every so often in the bar area and they attract some serious talent.  One of guest bartenders was the owner of Hop Sing Laundromat...I wonder if he yelled at people for taking pictures?!I'm from NJ. I wanted to take my wife and daughters to a fine restaurant for our 24th anniversary dinner.  Called many restaurants in NJ and Philly and finally settled for last night. 
My entire family was completely blown away by their superb and outstanding service.  They made custom menus with our wedding pictures and special titles. They even went above and beyond by giving us the menus to take home with their autographs!
As for food,  the presentation was extremely well thought out. We chose the 8-course dinner, which includes a variety of dishes each with their own unique taste. Every item on the menu was exquisite and delicious. The best we have ever seen!
Job well done the Volver Team!Love this place. I've been here a few times and every time is just like the first. The staff is super attentive and courteous. The tasting menu changes depending on the season and is my favorite part of the restaurant. The chef really thinks outside-of-the-box when creating each course. If you get a chance to try the Milk and Cereal I highly recommend it, don't knock it till you try it. The ambience and decor are top-notch and very romantic. 100% worth the visit.Went the other night with a few friends for dinner. We had to catch the orchestra at 8 pm, so the service did feel a bit rushed. I chose to go for the 6 course tasting, while my other friends chose to get a couple drinks and dishes from the bar at the table. While the tasting was executed well (great flavors, composition, use of molecular gastronomy) the entire experience didn't particulary stand out in any way or feel innovative or new. The staff was as accomodating and friendly as they could have been, especially given we were all late to dinner.
As for the food, I quite enjoyed the Kentucky Fried Squab and the lettuce dish which invovled a goat cheese flavored freeze dried powder that literally melts and has a texture of liquid in the mouth. Everything tasted great and was executed with precision and technique, but as I said before, there weren't any flavors that were new or innovative for me. And new flavors, bold profiles and combinations are what you look for in any tasting menu. If you want a great tasting menu or just an amazing dinner, do yourself a favor and save up for a Michelin Star like Eleven Madison Park in New York, or Alinea in Chicago. Volver certainly had the technique and the know how, but the food definitely felt like it was following and not leading the pack.
Also for brevity's sake, I do believe they should add an abbreviated three course tasting menu option for anyone looking to catch a show after dinner. This would completely eliminate the problem of being late or having to worry about getting to the show before the doors close. i know they really want the food to be the star, but when you open a restaurant across the hallway from a concert venue, you are by default the icing and not the cake.
Three stars out of five.We had dinner on the bar prior to a show at the Academy. What a great spot to sit, enjoy the great wine list, and watch the world go by. While the bar menu is not huge, their is something for any taste everything we had was artfully prepared and delicious. The service was top notch. We will make this a regular for theater nights.Not a single dish on the tasting menu that I didn't greatly enjoy. The wine pairings were perfect and the service second to none. The price was understandable given the quality of food and service. Great special occasion place.-The cocktail lounge bartender, Caitlin was very friendly and gave great recommendations for my cocktail and beer selections. Dave pushed my chair in for me and offered a personalized volver purse hook-What a great touch! 
-Fun and sophisticated bar atmosphere. -Prices of drinks average to other Philly lounges but the difference IS YOU WILL ALWAYS RECEIVE GREAT SERVICE! 
Coming back !Amazing dining experience. We came on a Wednesday, and their famous tasting menu is Thursday through Saturday only. However, after speaking to the chef, they were happy to create the perfect custom tasting menu for us. We added the wine pairing as well, and it was perfectly paired with each course. The food and service were exquisite. This a place to come to enjoy the art and experience modern culinary artistry. Don't miss the milk and cereal. Wow.Took my fiancé here the day I proposed. What an experience it was. We had the 10 course tasting along with a wine pairing. We received an 11th course compliments of the pastry chef along with champagne to celebrate our engagement. The food was fantastic and we left stuffed. The service was outstanding. Everyone was knowledgable and fun to chat with. I cant waiting come again for our next special occasion!Very good chance that this is my first time reviewing a restaurant that I haven't even eaten at.
I sent them an e-mail with a possible reservation issue, but turns out that I just messed up the times and it was fine all along.  Anyway, I received not just one, but two phone calls from Volver with clarification within an hour.  That is an incredible bit of service.  My wife and I eat out constantly, and this is exactly the sort of thing you hope all places would do.  Unfortunately most places do not.  Very tempting to sell the show tickets just so we can experience the 12 course instead of the 8 course.
And they pronounced our crazy Croatian name correctly, it doesn't bother me when people don't, but it's impressive when people do.
I'll update the review after we have eaten, but I'm pretty certain this will be a memorable experience.I live near this restaurant, I walked past it many times thinking "I would love to go here but I bet it's really expensive!"  I was right!  Then, my friend suggested we go here for Restaurant Week!  It was a lot of fun, the food was easily 5 stars- the appetizer was good, the entree was very good but the dessert was delicious.  The service, however was 4 stars.  I felt that the waiter was nice but a little pretentious and my friend got charged for a glass of wine that she ordered but he forgot!  He adjusted the bill after we complained and was apologetic.  I would come back here again, once in a blue moon for a meal to treat myself because it's so expensive, or perhaps try appetizers at the bar or drinks instead.  Volver has a great location, by The Kimmel Center and the lighting, decor, ambiance is lovely, very classy, chic and tasteful.  Maybe I'll come back again to treat myself.I never thought I'd see the day where I would say "restaurant provided too much delicious food and wine," but I suppose there's a first time for everything. My husband and I had previously gone for happy hour and loved the food and the cocktails, so on our latest Philly visit we decided to throw caution to the wind and do the 12 course tasting. That might explain the food coma, especially since it seems like some others have had issues with small portions for their a la carte menu. It was most definitely NOT an issue for us, and we are both pretty big eaters/wine drinkers. In fact, the wait staff actually cheered us for making it to the dessert round, so either they sensed we were struggling or it wasn't the first time that they had guests about to pop at the dinner table.
That said, the food was awesome, and it was a truly sad moment to have to finally admit defeat midway through the last dessert. The menu changes with the season so certain things may not always be on the menu, but we especially loved the Iberico ham, the ricotta gnudi (a fierce contender to a similar dish at Vetri nearby), and the lamb crepinette. The wine selection introduced us to some new flavors and textures we would not have otherwise gotten to experience, and it was definitely super generous on the pours.
Special shout-out to Jennifer at the hostess stand for being very friendly and accommodating while sorting out the reservation and taking care of us once we made it there.I liked Volver but it was far from perfection. The ambiance is cool as it truly is an open kitchen. As you are being escorted to your table you are literally being walked past prepared foods and cooks in the process of preparing foods. We were not started with any bread which seems to be customary at most fine dining establishments so I found that to be surprising.  We ordered a couple of the appetizers including the cereal one, the shrimp toast and the salmon cannolis.  The shrimp toast and the cereal appetizer were both delightful.  One disappointment is that they were delivered to the wrong table.  We were sitting right there as the food runner practically insisted that our appetizers belonged to the table behind us after they must have said three times that they did not belong to them. Another faux pas was that the waitress asked me if I wanted another cocktail before I had finished drinking the one that I had. I told her that I was fine for the time being but then she proceeded to clear my cocktail even though I would say there was a quarter of it left. I was too embarrassed to say something so I just let that be.  The main entrees were disappointing.  We had the Gyu Katsu beef and the chicken dish.  The two plates were basically the exact same - holding two small pieces of meat and some decorative sashes of sauces on the plate. There were no vegetables or sides to be found.  What was worse is because they were using the restaurant week menu it was not even possible to order anything else then what was on the restaurant week menu.  Perhaps if we had started with bread my husband and I wouldn't have looked at each other and said "Where are we going for dinner after this?".  With that said both of the meats, the chicken and the beef, were prepared well.  The gyu katsu was the better of the two.  For desert we had the chocolate dish and the pistachio parfait. The chocolate dish was well done but the pistachio orange parfait was fairly bland.  It had the consistency of butter and I only ate a couple spoonfuls for fear of the high amount of calories. Although we enjoyed the experience and I can recognize the talent of the chef I doubt we will be back here anytime soon.We did the tasting menu here. It wasn't bad, but I don't think it was worth the money either. There were some standout dishes, but unfortunately the majority of the courses were just okay.Been here a few times, one of my favorite's in Philadelphia for fine dining. 
I will admit not everything i ate has always been amazing but it has ALWAYS been creative. There was things like Season II where they served sword fish but it had the texture of a hard sponge in a good way, it was a texture i had never taste before so i thoroughly  enjoyed experience or the lamb tar tar with frozen cheese. The way that melted while your chewing cold beef was magical, again a taste i never had anywhere else. And of course the milk and cereal it is the most lit way to eat cereal ever. If i could have that for breakfast everyday, though i think the chicken was a little dry.
I loooove the atmospher, the open kitchen, the full glass looking , outside (though its not really looking into anything) It has a feel of eating on the street but still with full luxury
It is one of the few places to get true fine dining in philly and great service. 
honestly at a little above a $100 it is very good. A great value compared to some fine dining in NYC.
I'd say come here if you like to EXPERIENCE food.We came here for the 12 course tasting menu. 
First off, the place is beautiful and very cozy. Though, to use the bathroom you need to exit the restaurant and go into the concert hall which is really weird for such an expensive place. The service was 100% top notch from the moment we walked in until we left. Every person was excellent, but I can't say the same about the food.
We've eaten a number of tasting menus at some great places around the country and this tasting menu while it had some highlights, was not worth the money at all. There were some courses that were not really good at all. And there was no cohesion between the courses - one  example, we had a nice Asian inspired plate and then the next was Spanish. 
Overall, save your money. There is much better food to be had in that area of the city -- for a lot less money!I went for dinner with my friend and it was such a perfect meal. We did the $35 three-course fixed menu and loved absolutely everything we got. I got milk & cereal for the appetizer, porcini gnudi for the entree, and cocoa choux for the dessert. Everything was wonderful. The food was so creative and flavorful. My only small complaint was that the service was a little slow, but for food this good it's 100% worth the wait. I'll definitely be going back here!If I could give them no stars I would. This is probably the most expensive restaurant in the city but the staff is incompetent the service is horrible. Bartender gave me a half full glass and called it a cocktail. He was very nervous making it and when I returned he wanted to know what I didn't like. I was afraid to ask him to make another drink. So I went with a safer choice of prosseco. I didn't realize they charge $17.50 for one glass!!!! But I didn't care because I got free drink voucher through Kimmel center or so I thought. Apparently they now only accepting them for cocktails only which wasn't the case before. That I suppose could work if bartenders knew how to make one. All this ordeal is drinks only good thing we didn't try food there. My partner having gluten sensitivity could've been easily poison judging by their incompetence everywhere else.This was my first time doing the pairing menu. It was absolutely awesome. I see why it is a five star Forbes rated restaurant. They rolled a new menu out as well yesterday and I'm excited to come back and try it. Looked amazing. Shrimp toast was unreal!!  Beautiful bar as well for drinks!Tl;dr: If you like creative takes on classic dishes like I do, you'll love Volver! Classy af, great staff, creative food (get the Chicken Noodle Soup, be wary of the Ricotta & Herb Ravioli). Amazing fine dining experience, highly recommend.
Since Volver is one of Philly's most expensive restaurants, as well as a Jose Garces restaurant, I just HAD to take advantage of their restaurant week tasting menu (and I'd recommend y'all do the same). The iron chef has done it again - this place is fantastic!!
Venue/service: Impeccable. The entire staff is so friendly and courteous, it's obvious that they're dedicated to maintaining a high-class dining experience. Even though the place is small, they've arranged the seating in a way that feels compartmentalized, for a quiet and intimate feel.
FOOD: For everyone wondering what kind of food Volver serves, all I can say is FUSION. Garces picked elements of various cuisines and combined them into these inventive, tasty dishes.
-Paella Maki Rolls: a play on classic sushi, saffron rice wrapped in prosciutto and a center w/ shrimp, chorizo, roasted red peppers, and a curry seasoning - great flavor combinations!! Maki means tuna in Japanese, but this dish doesn't actually have any raw tuna in it (yay, no mercury).
-"Chicken noodle soup": FAVORITE. I was prepared to get a boring bowl of soup when I ordered this, but instead was BLOWN AWAY - I can't get over how creative this app was!! Vermicelli noodles, bacon bits, and chicken were arranged in a little nest under a fried, over-easy quail egg. The broth was served separately so you could pour it over the nest yourself. The broth somehow highlighted each element in the soup, creating a multi-dimensional taste with each bite. So fun, so creative, so delicious.
-Ricotta & Herb Ravioli: SO FREAKIN' SALTY. I'm a fan of savory, but this was too much. It took us a while to figure out that it's the tomato sauce itself that was over salted. Disappointing, because the ravioli itself was really good, as was the eggplant puree (w/ a dash of squid ink for color - how cool is that?). The ricotta slices and herbs were really fresh and helped tamper the salt a little, but I'm almost hoping that someone accidentally over-salted this dish and it's not really supposed to be this salty.
-Alaskan Halibut: the halibut was cooked to a tender perfection and served with a fragant, creamy celery puree which was so good! It also comes with an earthy little salad - I love chantarelle mushrooms!!
DESSERT: Orange & Pistachio Parfait. There's only one option on the RW menu, but it was divine! Pistachio, cacao nibs, and toffee bits add a delightful texture to the creamy caramel parfait topped with a fluffy, zesty meringue. There's a little slice of cake at the bottom, so be sure to dig your spoon all the way down!
Overall, I loved Volver. I would definitely describe dining here as an experience. The food is so creative, truly showcasing the best of culinary arts.Very very good food!
I first came here a couple years ago for their tasting menu and although the experience was excellent I thought it was slightly underwhelming given the prohibitively high price and a few issues, which included a somewhat disjointed menu (i.e. scattered Asian fusion items on an otherwise new American-ish menu), and a mediocre entree in the choice of a beef Wellington which did not seem to be creative nor inspiring. 
However!
I came back 2 days ago for dinner with 3 girl friends and opted for a la carte menu. We shared 3 appetizers (the asparagus tartine, tuna tartare, and the shrimp toast) and I ordered the lamb frites (lamb chops w/ fries) as my entree. I thought this meal was great! Particularly well executed was the shrimp toast, which thanks to our server's recommendation, we ordered 2 (each order comes w/ 3) of these because they were so yummy. My lamb chops were seasoned expertly and came out perfectly medium rare. It was so good my savage side came out and I destroyed them eating w/ my hands (also although it came with a knife, it was served in a bowl, not sure how I was really supposed to cut the meat).
The service is attentive and the wine selection also great. The decor, with a spacious dining room and the open kitchen, is very modern and chic but for some reason came off cold and impersonal. That's just my personal opinion though.
I would recommend anyone who hasn't tried Volvér and is intimidated by the tasting menu to still come for their regular dinner, it's def worth the visit!I just finished having my second dining experience here and it proved worth returning. I loved it the first time, and was happy to find that I also loved it the second time.
The service was top-notch, and the food was creative and delicious. 
It's an experience and it's like eating in a work of art.   It's not cheap but if that's what you want go somewhere else.
I hope that our town can embrace such a sophisticated dining experience, I know that I'm a fan and will return.So last night was epic!  8PM Performance Tasting with my wife which was a 3 1/2 hour masterpiece of influences of Chef Garces throughout his life each wonderfully described by our Captain, Mike.
We arrived about 20 minutes early and were offered to start the meal right away or have a drink in the sea of blue Van Gogh Starry Night influenced bar.  We chose the bar and had a margarita and a vodka drink which had sugar snap peas infused with it.  It was striking how you tasted the peas within the drink but you eventually got used to it and the vodka wasn't too shabby, either.  Captain Mike then came and escorted us to the dining area with its open kitchen where you can see every chef working hard to plate everything with exacting standards.  You see the tweezers, you watch the lettuce cut from the "ground," you watch the searing of the meat, everything!
The restaurant this Friday night only had maybe a half dozen parties so it was interesting to see every staff member working so hard, but with an ease about themselves.  The kitchen staff did not seem frazzled...even with Chef Garces behind the lines!  Service cannot be beat at Volver.
The service even started days before the meal when I was called to inquire about any food allergies or issues that may come up.  My wife, unfortunately, is not a fan of some textures (such as sushi) and does not like all seafood per se so I asked that all seafood be changed out.  This turned out to be absolutely no issue for Chef Garces and his staff.  Some changes were vegetarian dishes, but even Captain Mike and his cohort said that the Pork that subbed the Seasonal Fish course #10 was the better of the two.  I tried the pork and had to reluctantly agree.
So for the meal itself, just like the life experiences explained to us, that some are better than others.  I did include pictures of every course if you want to see what's coming.  The plates, although small, will fill you up and the pacing of the meal is spot on.  You can actually talk with your date!  
My #1 favorite was the Milk and Cereal (rice flakes, quail egg, bacon, oyster truffle, thyme marshmallows) with warm white milk created with asparagus poured over.  Absolutely delicious with every spoonful delivering a different taste and texture.  
Another favorite would be the KFS (fried squab, biscuit, celery root slaw, gravy, corn, hot sauce).  It was explained that Volver is the only restaurant in the country that has the same pressure cookers that the chain KFC uses.  Chef Garces wants, Chef Garces gets!  Extremely tasty and the slaw almost was better then the squab.
You would never think that peas alone would be a top of mine, but the Petit Pois (pea butter) was right up there.  It was more of a palate cleanser and tasted as if it came fresh from your garden and then sautéed with some butter.  Nice and light crunchy peas.
Those were my top 3 but everything was so well constructed (and deconstructed - the carrot cake dessert!) All of the substitutes for my wife were just as tasty and well thought out.  She got Fiddleheads, Parsnips, and Pork just to name a few substitutes.  
Chef Garces towards the end of the meal made a special effort to visit all of the guests.  He is extremely proud of this restaurant.  He said that the kitchen is exactly what he wanted as his own personal kitchen.  He picked everything and although he loves all of his restaurants, Volver is his home.  My wife and I were very happy to go through Chef Garces' life journey in food.
$450 (prepaid via tickets) + $80 in drinks (paid at restaurant) for 2.
I would absolutely come back for this superior service and meal.  However, probably for the Pre-Theatre Menu which is less expensive, and I was advised from Captain Mike contains my top likes from the Performance Tasting Menu.  That would be my go-to from now on.
Chef Garces, Captain Mike, and all the staff, thank you for a wonderful evening out with my wife.  Being in the service industry can be extremely difficult but you all made it look effortless.  
I think I'll take 14 courses of Milk and Cereal, Captain Mike!Came to Volver with my girlfriend for restaurant week and was overall pretty underwhelmed by the whole experience. Now clearly Volver is a pretty high end place and when you walk in, it certainly feels that way but the food was average at best. Keep in mind that we did pay $35/person for the meal itself so there was "value" in this in that typically you'd pay more for this type of food, but judging solely on the food itself, I was left unimpressed. 
We started off with some drinks. Being the beerhead that I am, I went with Alpine's Hoppy Birthday which is an IPA out of San Diego. I thought I was purchasing it on draft but ends up that I got it in the bottle. Unfortunately for me, the beer had a "Best by" date of July 2017. Given Volver's stature, I honestly expected it would be on draft, and if it wasn't, that it would have been essentially expired. Old IPAs taste like crap and this was no different. My girlfriend got the amoxicillin, an interesting citrusy/fruity gin drink that was just okay, nothing to write home about. 
On to the food. We were able to sample four of the five offered small plates; asparagus tartine, salmon cannoli, shrimp toast, and milk & cereal. My girlfriend and I were pretty excited given our penchant for small plates and little snacks but we were left unimpressed. The bread of the tartine was borderline stale and lacked substance; not much flavor and no texture. The salmon cannoli, while an interesting concept, was underwhelming in size and left me wanting more. Shrimp toast was the favorite between the both of us but we've had other shrimp toast which was better. If you've never had shrimp toast before, I could see you really enjoying this dish. The milk & cereal was decent. I actually enjoyed the various components to the dish tied in with the soup but my girlfriend said the flavor and texture of the soup was too off-putting as the mix of warm milk in a savory dish didn't work for her. It's in the title, I told her so I thought it was fine. 
Large plates, much to my surprise, were much better. We went with the market fish which was a delicate white fish that played nicely with the accompanying truffle jus. The wagyu culotte which was a nice lean cut that was cooked medium rare. While I didn't particularly enjoy the lean katsu (I'd much prefer something with more fat and better texture), I found that the sauces were on point and had no issues cleaning up the plate. 
Lastly, we got one of each dessert, the orange & pistachio parfait and the cocoa choux, both great dishes in their respective ways. The parfait was creamy and had just the right textures between all the layers. The cocoa choux was also enjoyable with the mousse and the texture from the little bits of dust and specks on the plate. 
In my opinion, a below average meal for what sells itself as a very high end restaurant. Not one dish stood out to me as exceptional or the best I've ever had, which is what I strive for when trying places like this. The expired beer really left a bad taste in my mouth (no pun) because I expect a restaurant of this caliber to either serve their beer on tap or at least have the decency to not serve old beer that was clearly beyond its life.Vibes: chic and contemporary lounge-style dining with an open kitchen and beautiful bar
Tasting notes:
-Cordelia: very fragrant from the sizable grapefruit peel garnish, sweet and fruity at first with a bitter, herbal finish
-Hamachi tartare: a bit tangy, a little sweet; fish is very fresh, but the forte of this dish lies in the great variety of textures with each forkful; the accompanying chip adds a nice crunch and savoriness to the dish overall
-Pastrami trout: very crispy skin on the trout; oiliness from the fish is contrasted with the tart apple and light cabbage salad
-Cocoa choux: pastry dough is more chewy than airy, not as delicate as it appears; mousse was thick and custardy
Other notes:
-Dishes are designed to be aesthetic and innovative, more so for tasting than satisfying
-Would consider coming back for drinks and appetizers before going to the Kimmel Center
-Coat check service offered right upon arrival at hostess standPortion size is a joke! 
Went here a couple times and never left feeling satisfied. Such a shame, because the decor/ ambiance is great. Literally left here and went to monks cafe after for a bite to eat after.Wonderful dishes - some miss the mark, but if you go for the 8 or 15 courses you will be astounded overall
Excellent sommelier pairings
Expensive
A great way to experience the Kimmel Center- surely an experienceI was sitting in the Kimmel Center before my reservation to eat here, reading Yelp reviews and I almost left because of the overwhelming negative reviews. Like I was concerned y'all. But we decided to stick it out and I'm so glad I did! I had an excellent experience dining here! People complained a lot about portions and price, clearly these people didn't try the pre-theater menu- cause it is like restaurant week year round. 3 courses $35...like what is there to complain about? 
First off, my server whose name escapes me, was AMAZING. She had excellent recommendations and was incredibly accommodating- like the epitome of an amazing server. For the first course, I had the milk and cereal appetizer. Now the name is misleading, but it's like the most elegant cream of asparagus soup with lots of crunchy components. The presentation is really playful, you're given a bowl with the textural elements- rice flakes, bacon, quail egg, asparagus, chicken and little savory thyme marsh mellows. Then you're a given a glass in the shape of a milk carton full of "asparagus milk." You combine the two at the table which is both fun and practical because the texture items stay crunchy. This isn't something you see every day and I don't normally get excited about soup, but this is a must try if you're here!
For my entree, I had the jidori chicken. Jidori, is just a type of chicken, not a preparation. But it was so juicy and well cooked. We honestly don't give chicken enough credit because it is so delicious when cooked right. It comes with creamy smoked Swiss chard and a luscious sherry and fois gras sauce. Delicious entree! The portion was just fine, I mean if you're expecting family style, 20lbs of food, you're not going to get it, but I felt perfectly satisfied with the size of my meal. 
For dessert, they sent the cocoa choux, a yummy chocolate cream puff with a crunchy sable top baked on, filled with a decadent, rich chocolate mousse. This was very chocolatey and the perfect way to end the meal.
Overall, I was very happy with my experience! In summary: Def recommend the pre-theater menu, don't trust all the negative reviews, this place is great!This was not a great experience. Three exceptionally small courses - we're talking 10 bites or less- took over 2 hours to come out, server was very inattentive, food was nothing to write home about relative to the cost and the time we spent in this place! We would not return.Worthy of their Forbes 5 star rating! One of the very best restaurants in Pennsylvania hands down. They are also very accommodating with substitutions, aversions, and menu changes within reason. Can't say enough how high they set the bar! Most "fine dining" tasting menus in Philly cannot come close to the level that Volver executes.Having visited Volver for the first and only time at a Yelp Elite event last year, all it took was one sip of the Truffle Rush cocktail for me to know that. Terminator-style, I'll be back...
Because the boyfriend is like clearly the most amazing person on the planet, he thought back in NOVEMBER to make a reservation for dinner at 8 on Saturday of Vaneltine's weekend. Let's take a moment and give that man a round of applause. I was basically expecting a nightmare dining scenario, though, thinking of all the V-Day insanity horror dining stories that we've all heard, but the folks at Volver are so darned good at what they do that you would have thought you were dining there on any other night. Heck, a weeknight even. It was so flawless, I still almost can't believe it all these months later. (I take my time to post a glowing review, clearly.)
We opted for the 8-course menu and were super psyched when we did so when we heard the dessert special for the evening: Foie. Gras. Candy bars. But more about that later. We also followed fellow Yelper Kristin W.'s advice (hey girl!) and shared the wine pairing. Along with his cocktails, it was more than enough booze for two for the evening. They were super accommodating in taking into account my gluten allergy by slightly tweaking some of the dishes or substituting others from the 12-course menu. Just an FYI for other allergy sufferers that this might be a secret perk.
Without going through all of the details of each of the dishes (they send you home with a commemorative menu which can seriously help with recall), everything was so interesting on all aspects: taste, texture, visual, and the wine pairing made each of these even better. We had a few "haha" foodie moments (one dish where the kale was "represented" by green circles drawn on the plate...haha) but it must be said that we enjoyed every course and were left thoroughly impressed. 
Oh, and the foie gras candy bars? Three choices- white chocolate with orange, milk chocolate with peanuts and nougat, and dark chocolate with chili. Choose just one? Never. Choose all three, kiddos. Duh. 
We're really lucky to have such a "once in a lifetime" meal place here in Philadelphia, so if you've got a special occasion, or no reason at all, really, do definitely try Volver. You will not regret it.This review applies solely to the bar and lounge area. We stopped in for a late, light dinner after a Kimmel Center concert and found seats immediately. The bar menu featured Garces' take on pinxtos, small Spanish snacks. 
We ordered the charcuterie mixto, the Hudson Valley cheese plate, and the shrimp toasts, which turned out to be the perfect amount of food for a late light meal. Our waiter described the Hudson Valley cheese as "like butter," and it was exactly that - creamy, richly flavored, and perfectly paired with tart slices of green apple and a drizzle of honey. The charcuterie plate was well-curated; we especially enjoyed the iberico and the salami. The shrimp toast was more like a fish cake - it was nice to have one hot plate, but it was quite salty and a tad over-seasoned, and the shrimp was ground to the point it could be any seafood - not my favorite.
The bar was a bit understaffed - while the food arrived promptly from the kitchen, our waiter was slow to take our order, and it took a while - and a bit of effort - for us to get our check. However, as noted earlier, he gave us great food and drink recommendations.
Coming from a classical music concert into a live jazz bar was a bit jarring - the music, though well-played, was very, very loud. We were sitting across the room from the players and could barely hear each other across the tiny table. We heard two groups come in and comment on the volume of the music, then turn around and leave. 
The space is beautifully decorated, and the quality of the ingredients is really high; however, the one cooked item we ordered was just okay. The drinks are outstanding - the basil chile smash is beautifully presented and delicious, and of course, the signature truffle rush is truly unique. Ultimately, the combination of high prices and simply decent fare makes Volver a nice place to stop after a concert, but not a destination location.*** This is a review for Bar Volver ***
When Volver opened in Philly, it promulgated the arrival of a ticket system a la Momofuku Ko and Alinea. While this works in only a few New York and Chicago restaurants, Philly's foodies were not having it - especially with the city's highest tasting menu price point. After a year's run in the Kimmel Center, Iron Chef Jose Garces recently decided to lower the stakes. Volver has now opted for a standard reservation system and more competitive pricing.
I'll keep my opinions to myself on Volver until I try it out. But earlier this year, the GF did stop by Bar Volver to try some of their "bites" and cocktails before heading to see Sister Act at the Kimmel Center.
The entrance to Bar Volver and the main restaurant are on the north side of the orchestral hall in the Kimmel Center. It's sleek and spacious, with a glass wall filled with bottles of wine along the entrance. Seating is available around the main bar, with comfortable lounge chairs and tables off to the side.
Mission Margarita [$12]
Reposado tequila, Pedro Ximenez sherry, lime, fig
The GF started off with what she deigned to be one of the best margarita's she's ever had. The smooth tequila was pronounced, but the understated sweetness from the sherry and fig balanced it out nicely. And with the brightness from the lime, this was definitely a winner.
Truffle Rush [$12]
Bourbon, truffle, lavender honey, lemon
When I saw that there was a truffle cocktail, I was intrigued and knew I had to try it out. I assumed the truffle and lavender honey was from Garces Trading Company, and while this was an interesting tipple, the truffle overpowered the bite of the bourbon. After a few sips, the headiness of the truffle was all I could sense. 
Tuna Tartare [$14]
Yuzu mayo, edamame, shiso, chile oil, crunchy garlic
But on to the food! One of the highlights from Volver is the fact that they get a daily shipment from the famed Tsukiji Market in Tokyo, Japan. The components of the traditional tartare came out in separate stainless steel dishes. The tuna had nice texture and a lusciousness that was perfect for the tartare.
The wasabi-yuzu mayo was a nice counterpoint to the fattiness of the tuna, with the crunchy garlic adding additional texture. The tartare came with a quartet of grilled foccacia - a common element to many of the other dishes we ordered (read: we had way too much bread). Still, the bread was fresh, pillowy, and crusted on the outside.
Wagyu Tartare [$12]
Shallot, dijon, capers, quail egg yolk, tomato, fines herbes 
The wagyu tartare was served similarly. It was fresh and was well-seasoned to accent the great beefiness. The dill was bright, with the capers and tomatoes providing the acid.
The creaminess of the egg helped to bring everything together. This was all served with more foccacia
Wagyu Tartine [$9]
Shaved ribeye, black truffle provoleta, charred scallion
We decided to try two tartines as well. The wagyu was shaved thinly and was complemented with sharp Argentinian provolone. The charred scallion mix provided great acid and flavor, all atop some more grilled foccacia.
Ham & Cheese [$6]
Spalaccia, red pepper confit, tomme de savoie, basil aioli 
The ham and cheese highlighted La Quercia spalaccia. The cured shoulder is from acorn-fed Iowa Berkshire pigs, aged up to 22 months. This resulted in strips of pork that were almost glassy and translucent. The richness of the ham was complemented nicely by the acidic sweetness of the red pepper confit and the herbaceousness of the basil aioli. 
Lomo Iberico [$8]
Iberian cured pork loin, red pepper - Dehesa Cordobesa; Adalucia, Spain
Loving secreto, I had to get an order of the lomo iberico as well. While I didn't know that it came atop more of that foccacia (sense a theme?), the ham was clean and delicious. The acid from the tomato underneath helped to balance the fattiness of the pork. Due to the overload of foccacia, we opted to forego most of the bread for this course. This may have been for the best because there was less to detract from the secreto.
Triple Cream [$12]
Organic cow's milk, cave-ripened organic triple cream - Champlain Valley Creamery
We decided to end our meal with a triple cream cheese - light, airy, and buttery, with some slight bitterness at the end. Delicious and of course, served with more of the foccacia.
Service was friendly, but contained. From what I hear, there is more of a show put on at Volver. As expected from Chef Garces and his staff, the flavors were all there and the dishes were well-seasoned. The bread overload aside (I realize the typical Bar Volver diner will be ordering one or two bites), Bar Volver offers nice riffs on cocktails and an array of dishes that will whet your appetite to consider shelling out for the true Volver experience.This was a fun place for drinks and tapas. We had mixed charcuterie plates and the paella maki roll everything was delicious and plentiful. Our service as great. The server was very enthusiastic and descriptive over their original cocktails. The bartender mixed me a special order drink that was delicious. Ambience is very pleasing. Would love to come againWe popped in to Volver for a quick bite before a show. We explained that we only had about 20 minutes. The staff couldn't have been more accommodating! The host let the waiter know we had a time constraint. Within seconds we had water and ordered. We only had the charcuterie board which was fabulous! It was enough to share but would also be ample for one person. It had 2 kinds of meat, 2 kinds of cheese, toast strips, mini corniche pieces, apple slices (perfectly thin), mustard and plum jam. The meats and cheese were high quality. I don't remember the names. We had still water which was also a high quality. It didn't taste like tap water! The atmosphere is casually elegant and relaxing. I'll definitely be back for dinner!Wow the food here is so good, presentation is incredible and you can literally taste the care put into each dish. 
For appetizer, I suggest the shrimp toast, milk and cereal, or beef tartar. For main course, I suggest either the chicken, steak, trout, or gnudi. And for desert, the cocoa choux. I have included pics :)Impressive decor and super comfortable and chic inside kimmel center. We had the prix fixe which includes first, second and dessert. The hamachi was really balanced with acidity except it was very very salty. Halibut was perfectly cooked. And I love the black sesame panna cotta except the yuzu ice cream was melted. I love the open kitchen. What I didn't love was the chefs on their phone texting and looking at their phones in the open kitchen. It was a slow night after 8pm on Saturday. But c'mon...please don't look at your phone in the open kitchen and then go back and prepare the food.Terrible management of a decent menu and staff. We barely got our food before running to our theater seats. It seemed we weren't assigned a server and when we finally flagged the manager, he put in our dinner order but still offered no server- or water. Waited over an our for our food and it seemed most of the other dinners were doing the same.This is a limited review overall the food is excellent.  I come here with my Mom for dinner before the orchestra we usually order from the pre theater or price fix 3 course menu.  The service is efficient and we are usually out with plenty of time to spare for the performance.  Today I make my only negative comment on this restaurant the coffee is always sub par it is usually very weak you would think that an American Iron Chef's restaurant would have the same exacting standards for its food and coffee.  I have been told that they French press their coffee this would mean that they need to increase the brew time French press should brew with boiling water for at least 5 minutes.  My mom and I both had decaf which requires the use of more grounds than you would use for regular coffee.  Strict observance to procedures will make the coffee much better.Volcer is known for their tapas/small plates, but don't let that fool you.  The food is extremely high quality and filling; before my desert came, i was already full.  I went with my boyfriend and it was a very romantic pick - dimmed lighting, incredible food, comfortable and clean, very nice service, nice aesthetic.  HIGHLY recommend!Came to Volver for dinner on a Saturday night around 7:30 and it was surprisingly empty. I'm assuming most people had early dinners and went to their show at the Kimmel center. Either way, no complaints because I loved our dining experience here. To start, we ordered the Hamachi Tartare and Chickpea Gordita. The Hamachi Tartare was really good but the Chickpea Gordita was absolutely amazing! We ordered a second one because we loved it so much. So flavorful and so many lovely textures. Loved it!
We then moved on to main course - Cannelloni Chicken and Berto's Halibut. Both of these dishes were executed perfectly with the meats cooked very well. While both dishes tasted good, they didn't impress us like the appetizers did. I will be back to Volver! I'll stick with my tried and tasted appetizer choices and may venture to try new dishes for the mains.