Cool atmosphere. Love the industrial feel of layout and setup of the place. Ordered the thanksgiving turkey burger, it was only right, it's the week of thanksgiving. Turkey burger patty was very thin and a little dry. Not what I was expecting. I thought I'd get a thick burger coming from this place?! Stuffing on burger was tasty and seasoned. Cranberry sauce was good too but it needed more or some other sauce.
Sweet potato tots were sooo yummy. Shoe lace onion rings are seasoned up to perfection. However they give you enough to feed for ppl.
I'd definitely come back for the experience and to try another burger.Lackluster burgers. Nothing special to rave about. I asked for my burger to be cooked medium, it came out dry. Service is super slow, waited a while for an "adult frappe" (Mud Pie) and two burgers. One of the burgers came out without cheese and the other without enough sauce. It was a nice day to sit out on the patio, but chose the wrong restaurant to do it at.I was so excited for this place to open up... but wow, they messed it up. You know, if you've never been, you might as well try once but I'll never be back again. The bread isn't good at all. Go get some fresh bread or something wahlburgers... Good bread can sometimes make a bad burger taste decent but the mediocre burger combined with bad bread kills it. Overpriced here too for what you get which is likely from having a full wait staff. Cut waitstaff down and either lower the prices or increase the quality of the food here.The menu has a section for "ALL the smahlburgers" and tonight I went in to place a to go order to take a burger home for my daughter and they wouldn't sell it to me because she wasn't present and they can only sell the smahlburgers to people 12 and under... I guess no sale is better then a small sale.My wife and I took a drive into Philly to try Wahlburgers.   We are both big fans of the family, so had to try it. 
The atmosphere was great and so was the service and food. 
The server was very attentive and polite. 
I loved the "Our Burger" and the tater tots. 
They have a nice bar also. 
Free parking across the street, something kind of rare in Philly.We called in an order and picked it up last night. The tator tots with a side of cheese were really good (usually I like cheese on but this kept the tots crispy). I had an "Our Burger" which was good, but in the end, nothing special. I wasn't impressed, but I wasn't disappointed either. I just have had better burgers elsewhere.Ambience is very good. Service wasn't bad. Place was clean. Food was decent. I did like the smahlburger, Don't like the onion rings tho. Would go back.If I could give "0" stars I would. 
To give you a brief description of my two visits:
The first visit was on their second day of opening. I ordered a smahlburger for my 2 year old son to-go he refused to eat it after his first 2 bites. Highly unusual since he loves burgers. I took 3 bites of it when I realized it was cold and raw in the center. Not only was this extremely inexcusable for a child's meal. But I also ingested this raw burger and I am 5 months pregnant. Serving raw food is dangerous for both young children and pregnant women. I was mortified by this experience. I tried calling but they're phone lines weren't set up yet. 
For whatever reason, I did try to go once more, telling myself maybe it was just an off day there being that they just opened. My mistake...
My second visit was a complete disappointment. I ordered a Jan's chicken sandwich and double-decker burger to-go. When I got home I realized there was absolutely no condiments on either sandwich and the chicken was burnt to black char on the bottom. I called immediately after to address this situation, the manager apologized and offered an excuse that "there has been a lot of mistakes today" and she would call me right back because she was dealing with a customer. Hours later, I did not receive a call back. I called again and a host said that that manager left but another one was there but was busy and took my number to give to the manager. I unfortunately didn't have a chance to get a name of either manager because the hostess hung up abruptly before I could ask a follow up question. Also, I never got a call back.  So much for customer service.
Would highly recommend anyone to avoid this place it at all possible. If you're craving for a burger I would suggest traveling across town to university city and go to an actually good burger place- Bobby's Burger Palace.My boyfriend and I dined at Walburgers in Northern Liberties tonight.  What a great place!  When we arrived we realized it was opening night, and you would have never known it!  It ran like a well oiled machine.  Our server, Bree, was knowledgable of the menu and very helpful with suggestions.  
Bree suggested the Walhbrewski beer to drink, it was light and refreshing.  She also suggested the BBQ Bacon burger as being her favorite burger so I tried it.  AMAZING!  It had bacon and an avocado spread.  Dear lord! So good!  My boyfriend got the Double Decker and he really enjoyed his.  Bree a also recommended the Thin Crispy Onion Rings, another must have!  So good and seasoned perfectly, and ask for Wahl sauce, it brings it all together!  My boyfriend also got the Mac n' cheese with smoked bacon, also a must have!  
Bree also suggested the Fluffanuttahh for dessert.  I would come back just for this dessert!!  It's basically a grilled sandwich with marshmallow fluff, Nutella, peanut butter and banana.  Again this desert alone is worth the trip to Walhburgers.
As someone in the biz,  the service was flawless and the food was great!  I'm looking forward to coming back to this great addition to the neighborhood!Decided to give this new addition to the neighborhood a try after the slight buzz over its opening subsided and its staff finally got into their groove. Found the service at the bar very friendly and prompt. The menu and specials were fully explained. Good cocktail and Boozy Milkshake selections though limited liquor selection. Friend had a cocktail and I had a tap beer. For food, I had the Melt and found it tasty and juicy with a fair amount of bacon, caramelized onions and cheese. Friend has a classic which was promptly devoured. Sides are a la cart and knowledge or some indication of the portion size would be helpful. The Onion Rings are homemade and fantastic. Definitely returning when in a burger centric comfort food crave.Huge disappointment. Fries were soggy and tots were cold.
Burger was completely soaked in grease. We will not be coming back.My turkey burger was delicious and messy. The best turkey burger I've had other than mine. It's fresh ground turkey and not that frozen crap and the service was very good. My food came out fast too. I'll be back againAmazing restaurant with friendly service! I had the Invincible burger and it was phenomenal, perfectly cooked and an amazing mix of flavors. Our server Marcus was also very helpful and friendly.The food and atmosphere was great! I got the double decker and Mac n cheese with smoked bacon. Our waitress was Bree, she was great! She made us feel right at home. I had the Walbrewski to drink and it was delicious. I highly recommend this place and definitely would come back. I hope all the waitresses are as good as our waitress was.I went there a few months ago. LOVED IT, I can't wait to go back . I wish I knew when Donny or Mark would mAke a showing, I love the wahlbergs.Fans of the show and now fans of the restaurant!  My husband and I have been fans of Wahlburgers A&E show from day 1, we were thrilled when a location opened in our town of Philadelphia.  We finally ate there today and were thrilled with the experience.  The atmosphere was great (we ate outside on a beautiful late Summer morning) the staff was attentive and engaging.  We each ordered something different and we each finished every morsel.  The hype is substantiated!  The Thanksgiving Day Sandwich is outstanding (I discovered I like butternut squash).  The Melt, Double and Triple are equally recommended.  The fries were fresh and crisp and I am not a sauce person, but I used an entire portion of that Wahlsauce with no regrets.    We are told the Philly location will be featured n the September 6, 2017 episode of the show...We will be watching!On my business trip trying whalburgers seemed like a Must! Im a pretty bug fan of Mark and I've seen the show so it seemed just right. 
We were seated after waiting a while. Place wasnt busy or anything, staff was watchung jerser shore by the bar. It took a few minutes for someone to see us and find a spot for us. menu was easy to read. Liked the mac and cheese. Waitress recommended the banana dessert and it was very disappointing. The picture shower chunks of banana and I got 2 super thing slices. Extremely disappointed.
Food was alright. I enjoyed the mac and cheese and Paul's fave burger. Meat was really good!!!! 
The reason for my 2 stars is the overall manner of the staff. Tables around us arent clean and theyre hanging out on their phones not really caring about it. Eventhoufb our waitress was nice she only refilled our drink once our entire time here. They seem to just chill out. 
I understand I came for the food, which waa good. But unfortunately service comes along and kind of ruins my expectations and experience. I'm sure Mark whalberg and his family don't get this sort of treatment...I've tried this place twice, and the food is so bland. The atmosphere and the service was great, but that's it. For $8-$11 a burger I expected something delicious, instead it was an unseasoned patty with no taste. Even the bun was boring! For an extra $3.50 you can have fries that are a less salty version of McDonald's fries. Seriously... they look and taste exactly the same. Won't be giving this place a 3rd try. Save your money and go somewhere else!Food was luke warm, restaurant was not crowded but yet it took a long time to get a burger and hot dog. The hot dog and tator tots were really good as well as the "state-tini" cocktail. Service was good as well and accommodating. Overall a good experience!I stopped in for lunch with my best friend. We loved it! Our waitress Abby was beyond amazing! She made sure to check on us but she also wasn't overbearing. We asked for food and drink recommendations and she did not steer us wrong. The food was really good and I liked the tater tot option. We will definitely be back and requesting Abby again for sure!!I'm going to give two stars because theyve literally just opened.    There are about 40 staff members here and maybe 10 customers.     It really looks like they are doing their best... Our server is friendly.  
My friend and I ordered the mac and cheese to start and we're so disappointed.    It's basically plain penne with minimal cheese sauce plopped on top.   It was served to us in a paper cup and we were given two plastic forks.   We couldn't mix it properly had to ask for a plate.    I'm pretty sure when people ask for Mac and cheese they expect it to be tossed and CHEESEY.   I guess if you're three years old this would be perfect 
I ordered a turkey burger with blue cheese,  caramelized onions and sautéed mushrooms  and got cheddar cheese instead.   I just ate it because I already sent back the Mac and cheese.    The bread was stale and crumbling apart.    
Not impressed with this place.I would like to write a review for the food, however, our waitress never came back after bringing us waters. We waited over 30 minutes and no other employee offered to help. Left after our waitress immediately took the order of the table sat next to us. There were only 4 or 5 tables occupied at the time. Awful customer service. We were really looking forward to trying the food.The burger was good , we ordered one of each side and everyone of the sides were completely covered in salt.The fries were so salty we couldn't even eat them.Sodas were flat also.If your there for just a burger then you should be okAwesome burger & tots!! Toasted bun was perfect!  Friendly staff and reasonable prices.I first tried Wahlburgers up in Boston and my boyfriend and I fell in love. This place is consistently good. 
To be fair, we've never been to the actual restaurant here in Philly but my boyfriend and I have ordered online from this location multiple times and we've never had a problem. It's a little pricey but delicious. We always get the sweet potato tots and regular tots to share along with our burgers. So good.
I'm scared to order a milkshake (I think they call them frappes here) for delivery but I might need to try it one day. They were really good up in Boston!
Definitely check this place out!Burgers and fries where great Service was excellent food came out hot but The one thing people really don't know about walburger is there is free parking across the street and in that neighborhood that is bigI was excited to finally get a chance to eat at a Wahlburgers but my excitement fell a little short.  I had the mac with pulled pork - mac did not hold the heat and the pulled pork was dry.  My guests did enjoy their burgers and sweet potato tots so that balanced things out.  Waitress could have given us more time to pay the check considering it was a midday Monday and there were only 3 tables being served.The Our Burger was delicious, nice sear on the meat, perfectly cooked, juicy, tender meat.  The bun was fresh as were the lettuce & tomato and the special Wahlburger Sauce was very tasty.  The Tater Tots were really, really good, crisp on the outside, perfectly cooked... loved them!  A little too pricey if you ask me but can't say that I was disappointed in the quality of the food.Let me say right off that the two stars are not for the food. The burgers are quite good -- though I think BurgerFi is slightly better -- as are the sides. I even like the onion rings, which have caught some flack here, but are thin, crispy, tasty, and reheat surprisingly well. The vanilla cupcakes are amusingly designed to look like cheeseburgers, but have little taste.
The real problem is with the delivery service. We've ordered three times through GrubHub, and the last two times the experience has been atrocious. One time, the delivery person called and refused to bring the food up to our apartment; the food was ice-cold when picked up. The other time, the delivery person dropped the food off at our front desk without even calling, and the chili that had been ordered on one burger -- at extra expense -- was left off. 
If this is Boston attitude, they can keep it within the city limits. You may have better luck in the restaurant itself -- although reviews here for that are mixed -- but until they get their act together, skip the delivery service.Just ok...
Adult frappé was delish.  I was asked how I'd like my burger and I ordered it "medium".  It came out  well done.  The taste was good but sadly nothing spectacular.  I would come back if someone else suggested it but it wouldn't be my suggestion for a fantastic burger.  Sorry Wahlburgers you didn't knock my socks off.I want to live this place but they are just so slow at bringing food out. Slow...once the food is delivered to the table it is phenomenal. But this is fast casual, right? Definitely can do better on the service front.This is a great place to give a try.  I was scared in the beginning because I am vegetarian.  But I tried their impossible burger which is plant based and it was amazing.  It tasted like a great turkey burger and it was scary that it tasted and looked like real meat.  I must say I will be back again and recommend giving them I try.Burgers were good and juicy.  the adult mud pie shake was chocolatey and boozy.  but the lights in the bathroom were out but 1I have been waiting for this place to open for a while, and am glad to say that it did not disappoint! I sat at the bar and ordered a Wahlbrewski, which was a pretty great beer, and I'm a bit of a beer snob. My friend ordered the Thanksgiving Sandwich, I ordered the "Our" Burger and we shared a side of onion rings. All the food came out hot, prompt, and exactly how we ordered it. I loved the onion rings because they were super crispy and didn't have an overpowering amount of onion to bite into. My burger was very flavorful and cooked perfectly. The bartender was attentive and pleasant throughout our meal, and what I believe to have been a manager stopped by to see how we were enjoying everything. We stayed for a few more drinks, which led us want to order a Fluffanuttah. (How could we not?!) ...and let me just say- it was amazing!  The bill came and seemed decently priced for what we had. Overall, this is a great addition to the neighborhood and I will definitely stop by again when I'm craving a burger.Who orders a chopped salad with a veggie burger at Wahlburgers? I do! And it was amazing. They also have a bar, bonus. There is a Wahlburgers free open parking lot caddy-corner to the entrance, double-bonus.
CHOPPED SALAD WITH IMPOSSIBLE BURGER: Can't deny, it was so satisfying! 4 of 6 of us ordered some combo of the impossible burger and was not disappointed.
IMPOSSIBLE BURGER: He serves a great plant-based burger!
SWEET CHO-CHOS: Delicious sweet potato tater tots with homemade cheese sauce and jalapenos
BBQ WINGS: Pretty standard
PARMESAN TATER TOTS: Boring with some parmesan sprinkled on topFood was pretty good. I had a bacon BBQ burger w white cheddar, avocado and jalapeño. Wasn't a huge fan of the thin onion rings but that's just me
What made the experience bad was the service. We all said we wanted our burger medium and they all came out well done, Food took very long (bc they were over cooking them?) waitress didn't check in with us, we wanted to add something else to our order but she was nowhere to be found and finally we had to walk inside to flag waitress down to get the check.
Maybe just our waitress but judging by other reviews, this place is subpar.
I wouldn't come back to any of their locations...burger joints are a dime a dozenI am a burger connoisseur and these are quite possibly the worst I ever had . First off they are exactly like a center city  lunch cart burger the waitress swore they weren't frozen patties, my kids took a bite and wouldn't eat any more they are dry no taste almost look like dog meat I actually feel sick to my stomach writing this . it pisses me off that they think they can get away with it just because of their name smh !I almost didn't eat here because of the negative reviews but I'm glad I at least gave them a try. I haven't actually been to the restaurant, I order my meals through the Grubhub app. I actually really enjoy the food the only thing is the delivery is TOO slow and the food is COLD once it's here. I don't understand how the delivery is so slow when the restaurant is only 0.5miles from me. If I could leave the office to walk there I would to save the headache. However I like the food and their menu sections, I just wish I didn't have to heat it up once it gets here.We got take out.  The restaurant was pretty empty and the food was prepared quickly. The food was decent.  Not the best burgers I have had but enough! They had tater tots which is my go to starch.  They were decent, although I prefer crispier tots.  One of the burgers had cheese on it, yet the description did not state cheese on the burger.  Given cheese was not desired, it was an unwelcome addition to the burger.  
Overall, it was an ok burger, but I prefer Shake Shack. It's cheaper.This place is large and I am sure it can become quite crowded during the lunch hour. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of burgers. I ordered a burger with balsalmic glaze onions on a pretzel bun. I am not sure what it was called. The burger was juicy, fresh, and a perfect medium rare. I ordered the Wahlbrewski IPA. It was not great, I'll likely skip that next time. Overall, it was a quality burger for the price and I will be back.My boyfriend & I decided to give Wahlbergers another try & are glad we did. Our server Megan was attentive, efficient & very nice. Our burgers, fries, tots & milkshake were pretty tasty. I think the prices are bit high for the amount you get, especially the milkshake and side of fries. Despite that, we'll dine there again.Look, I'm from Boston so I know a "wicked burgah" when I see one alright? Don't get smart with me buddy. I order burgers when I go to legal seafood, or Anthony's Pier 4. It's wicked pissah. I'm THE BURGER KING OF BOSTON. I go to Fenway park and get a hamburger and watch the Sox crush it kid. I eat burgers on freakin' duck boats bro. I didn't go ta Harvard, I'm not some college boy alright? I'll go straight to Quincy Market and order a double cheeseburger with no tomato, tomatoes are for pussies kid. I'll go to Dunkin and they'll make me a burger even though they don't normally make them because THEY KNOW WHO I AM. Tom Brady has five rings kid. One for every burger I'm gonna eat today. 
Fries were OK.The best burgers around!!  Hands down!!  And the mac n cheese is to die for!!  You must try it!!!  The atmosphere, quality, and prices make this place a sure hit in the heart of Northern Liberties!!!My turkey burger was delicious and messy. The best turkey burger I've had other than mine. It's fresh ground turkey and not that frozen crap and the service was very good. My food came out fast too. I'll be back againI came here with 4-5 friends because we were curious and it was the new place in the neighborhood. The only good thing that I remember about this experience was that the wait staff was very friendly and the alcoholic shakes were very good, but it went downhill immediately as we were sat. 
To begin, the fries don't come with the burgers. That alone is pretty bad, (and an obvious money grab), but we said "Ok, we'll just order them to share for the table". Wrong again! The side of fries is a small, overpriced, personal cup of fries that is too big for one person, yet too small for two. Come on people.
We waited quite a long time for the food, and by the time it got to us, the fries were cold and the burgers were Luke-warm. We were pretty confused about this because the place was definitely not that busy, I had no clue what was going on that there was this kind of oversight. 
The biggest complaint I have is that the food is just messy, its served without a good presentation, and the bottom bun of the burger was basically a flattened, moist pancake (MANY people are saying this so don't think your burger will be any different). Eating this stuff was just a sloppy mess. The burger was so-so, not great, not terrible. The fries were cold, so it was hard to tell if I'd like them hot. (By this time, we were so hungry that we didn't want to wait longer to send something back).
Probably the worst part about the meal was the bill, which came to almost $40 a person. All we ordered was a drink each, a burger, and fries for each person. I have absolutely no clue how they do their pricing, but they clearly think they are located in New York, even though they are actually in Philadelphia.
What is really a shame is that this place could have been awesome, but they really missed the mark in many, many ways. Want to stay in the neighborhood? Lower your prices, hire faster and more attentive workers, re-source your bread and beef, and for GOD SAKES include the damn fries with the burgers.Great food and service! I frequented the area recently and decided to give them a try.  Overall atmosphere is nice and the food was consistently prepared well.Best burger in beer in northern liberties. I went with The beast and a Wahlbrewski..really good service. Quick and attentive,will definitely returnI got the chicken fingers, and tater tots, my boyfriend got the "our" burger and tots. Service was very friendly, although I heard a lot of personal chit chat, while waiting for take out. My chicken fingers were a bit undercooked. Our tots were pretty good, but they could have used a little more salt. The ranch sauce tasted home made and was really good, however there could have been more of it. Over all everything was ok it was, also kind of expensive for the portions. They do have a bar haven't ordered from it, but will update when I do.Wahlburgers is a decent size, I like the round bar.  Bathroom was very clean.  The food is average.  I got the our burger on my 1st visit nothing special, tasted fine.  I got the special fiesta burger on my second trip much better than the our burger but again still an average burger.  Tots were good.  Not a fan of the signature beer but it was worth a try.  If I am in the area craving a burger I'd probably stop in. .Love the show and the burgers even more visited this place 3 times so far and I always get the fiesta burger it's so good a big burger with house made salsa pepper jack chipotle mayo and burger toppings highly suggest you try.Service was very, very bad. It took three attempts to get a diet soda, and the food is highly overrated. Drinks, i.e. opening a bottle of Corona took over 20 minutes, and the food in general was underwhelming, greasy, and slightly overpriced for the quality.Went here today with a couple of my friends. We ordered 3 burgers and accoutrements to go. While the workers at the the front door were very nice & hospitable. However, once we had ordered one of my friend went over to give the cashier a tip, the manager gave us a funny look and came out and asked her "Is everything okay here?" as if we were there to start trouble. Now I would hate to make any assumptions, however, I and my friends are African American and it appeared to come from out of nowhere. The food was mediocre at best, and an interesting tidbit they call the cheese on the menu "government cheese". I'm confused as to where that comes from. But again, the workers were nice and that's why I'm okay with giving one star.Food is almost always great, but when I deliver, every time it comes late and the drivers that deliver always go missing while they're delivering my food.. very frustratingNot great but good enough. I was disappointed the burgers don't come with fries ugh !!! I ended up getting fries on the side they were pretty good and whatever spice they put on them was amazing !Panko covered fried pickles were excellent, and the burger was tasty. Nice atmosphere very open and airy. Parking is a small inconvenience but it's Philly, when isn't it?The wait!!!!!! OMG we sat down at 403 at 444 still no food !! The excuse was that the burger that was a part of the 6 person order takes 5 minutes on each side to cook. Mind you this is  the burger the waitress suggested . Brad the manager came after we asked for a manger 3 times and broke down the cook time claiming it takes 10 minutes for that burger to cook. Again note the time !!!?!? if I was warned about the cook time I wouldn't have ordered from the ask us section on the menu. We're the brothers when we need them!! It's 450 AND STILL NO FOOD!!!!! Come on !!By far my favorite burger so far in the city.... Fresh, flavorful, delicious! Felt it was a great value and the staff was excellent! Love the environment - what a great renovation from the old Darlings... Will be back regularly!We are huge Walhburgers fans! 
My original post about Wahl Philly was kind of negative. Not about the food, just the service. We've gone back a few times and it has honestly gotten better each time. 
Tonight, I had the long awaited Impossible burger and it was AWESOME! It's great to be able to go into a burger place and enjoy a meal with my meat eating husband. Thank you Paul for finding this alternative and bringing it to the stores! Very tasty! 
Our server tonight is one we've had before and he is great. Unfortunately, I forgot to get his name but I plan to next time. The food was faster and tasted just as good. They really seem to ha d hit their groove at this location.Man, I thought the burgers would be way better... especially with all the PR associated with the show.  But it was just ok.  I was hoping something closer to Five Guys.  The fries were ok but the taters are good. Service is good and at least you can grab a nice beer to go with.  All in all good enough to fill you up but not anything special. I felt like it was on the pricey side for what you got.A great choice for a really good burger and very tasty food! To be honest, the burgers are what attracted me to Wahlburgers, and so when I went (by myself), of course I ordered a burger, but I also tried lots of other stuff on the menu. To begin with, I ordered the Sweet & Spicy Cranberry wings which were FANTASTIC with the right amount of sweet & spiciness. SO good!
For my main course I ordered the Garlic Parm tots, the Classic Salad and the Super Summer Bacon Burger. I'm a huge fan of french fries so I was skeptical of the tots, but the Garlic Parm tots won me over (now I'm a tots fan)! The Classic Salad was HUGE, fresh and very good...this could easily be a meal in and of itself. The star of the meal was the Summer Bacon Burger, which did not disappoint! It's an 8 ounce burger with bacon, bacon aioli, house-made roasted corn salsa, onions and lettuce. WOW, so tasty, so good with all the different flavors working so well together. An absolutely wonderful summer burger.
My one complaint is that the bottom burger bun got soggy and basically useless. Because I ordered the wings and tots and salad, I did not eat the burger right away (I was pacing myself), so by the time I got to the burger, the bottom bun was soaked through with the juices and salsa & aioli, so it was very messy eating, and I finally gave up and used a fork & knife...which I'm sure is breaking a cardinal rule of burger eating. Still, the burger was outstanding as was the entire meal.
I'll definitely go back, and when I do, I'll bring others with me.This place is literally fire sticks. I always get the bacon double cheeseburger with fries and the MILKSHAKE. Me and my boys call this place "Wahlbeezys" because it is so good. Marky marky and the boys have done well with this joint, if your looking for banging burgers and other jawn hit this spot up.I am very sad and disappointed I really want to like this place I love the show and love Alma "that's my middle name" but I love food and love eating out I can't believe that Paul would put his name on this food I ordered the Dorchester burger mine and all the  bottom of the buns were very soggy and the burger was ok at best I have had better burgers at back yard bbqs and it didn't cost me $70 dollars to get it I really hope the brothers get this fixed because they won't last long serving food like this  and the frys were stale as well the sad thing is  that my wife and kids came up here from Georgia to adopt a little boy and this was his first meal with his new family I was trying to create an amazing experience and ended up with horrible disappointmentIt was ok, I had a decent burger but was more hype than anything. One and done, saw no reason to go back.Delicious burgers, awesome tots... However, stay away from the onion strings. They suck!
Interior decide could have done better. It sorts gave me a head ache.We tries Wahl Burgers yesterday and they were just meh!!
I tried the 'our' burger which was dry and the meat did not have much taste, I have had burgers from Burger King better. My friend tried the chicken sandwich which she liked. We also tried the lemonade which was not fresh and an overflow of all the flavors, could not drink that. Overall it was just OK.Ironically, I've never had a burger here, but I had a salad and an adult milkshake and both were absolutely phenomenal. Been dreaming of that milkshake lately and I've been telling all my friends about it.My boyfriend & I had been looking forward to the opening since we tried a burger from their truck over a year ago. We finally had the opportunity to go over Labor Day weekend. The hostesses were very friendly and seated us quickly, especially since it wasn't crowded. Unfortunately, we never got to order anything because we waited for 15 mins without ever having a server come to our table, not even to give an intro.Went Here Today For The First Time And I Enjoyed Myself And The Food. Me And My Friend Sat At The Bar And The Bartender Was Very Kind To Us. The Drink I Had Was Called Cranberry Sauce Margarita, It Was Ok Not The Best I've Had. Now Let's Get Into The Burger I Ordered Which I Built Myself. A Double Decker With Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pepper Jack Cheese, Wahl Sauce And Jalapeños. Absolutely Delicious That Burger Was Amazing. My fries That I Dipped In The Wahl Sauce Made It Even Better. I Love To Go To Copas For My Burgers But This Place Will Definitely Be Seeing Me Again. My Burger Was Everything !The people at Wahlburger are really friendly. It felt like they were trying to befriend my burger loving heart. Like they didn't need to be the only burger in my life but that they were worth a spot at the table. And they are! Decadent goodness. Great service.Great burgers!! My kids and I love going there for a quick meal.  The Manager Brad was very accommodating and checked on us at the end of our meal.The food was alright but I feel like the price of the item I ordered wasn't worth it. The bread was soggy from the fried onions and was just too much stuff under the bun. The atmosphere isn't really my cup of tea, but it could be worse. Service is semi-okay. The waiting time from when the server took our orders and receiving it could use some work.Just had dinner here. I got the homemade chilli and a burger. Both were not seasoned well at all. An hour later after eating here, I have diarrhea and sick to my stomach. This is the only meal I had today. Such a waste of time and money. Never again.Let me tell yáll why a five.... 1) Very nice host that listened to my request for a fun and upbeat waiter/waitress and we got Allyson S. 2) Allyson was awesome, she picked up on my ques as to it being everyone's 1st time in a Wahlburgers ever, that it was my brother's birthday that we were celebrating without my brother knowing we were doing soon, that my niece is a vegetarian and that I have a food allergy. 3) Dave the manager was attentive to the entire restaurant and interacted smoothly with everybody and took pictures for me that I forced my family into 4) SWEET POTATO TOTS and FLUFF OMGoodness.....and 5) variety of food and drink options that suited all..... ... we WILL BE BACK!!!I didn't have high expectations on this place since it had some mixed reviews. I had the Our Burger which was decent, wasn't the best. Tater tots on the side were pretty good! I also got a cupcake which I enjoyed. Just a place to try once.I was in the area yesterday for the Northern Liberties festival and decided to auditioning the restaurant for a good burger (while escaping the heat). Terribly disappointed. I wanted something light and my server recommended the macaroni salad.  Bad recommendation! It was really dry (no mayonnaise) and no flavor). My partner had the classic burger. He was only able to eat the  meat. The bread was stale and crumbled when tried to eat the burger. YOU NEED BETTER BUNS FOR THE BURGER WAHLBURGERS!.  New Restaurant in NL and already starting off on a sour note.Where to begin... after coming to Wahlburgers out of curiosity my fiance and I were told it would be a 20 minute wait for our food. So we placed our order and when we finally got our food we were so disappointed with the quality of the food my fiance only took one bite. The hamburger itself was thick and looked good but one bite proved it to be soggy as if the meat had been boiled instead of grilled. The bottom of the bun was so saturated the burger literally fell apart. There were plenty of fries but they were cold by the time we got the order and dried out. Sprite was perfect though so there's that.In Philly and in the mood for either a classic or all around great burger. I would recommend Wahlburgers ! Personally I always go for "Donni's Fav" it's a hamburger with jalapeños, pepper jack cheese, avocado spread and bacon. The best choice I've made every visit.Pretty average food and way, way overpriced for the amount and quality of food that you get. I get the diner feel but not the price. You're better off going to the real diners in Philadelphia like Paradise or Midway. Wahlburgers is all about the name. If you want a good burger, you're better going elsewhere. Heck, even McD's artisan burgers are better offerings particularly considering the price.The night started out well August 10,2016 at 730 pm until we walked into Get a burger. The place was not very busy, yet somehow we waited 40 minutes for someone to take our order. We heard all kinds of excuses from a waiter didn't show up, to our waitress saying several times she could not serve us because she is busy with a 12 top ( I'm guessing that means a table of 12) The manger stood there not knowing what to do? Finally drinks arrived ( just his) mine takes another 10 minutes. Did I mention they were out of most beers. 1 hour later our food finally arrives and the manager serves us. The food was good, but needless to say we're never going back.Had to check out Wahlburgers because I'm a fan of their reality show. Good, relaxing atmosphere. We went on Sunday,  late afternoon and there were no crowds. Seated right away. Prices are great! My son had The Beast, biggest burger on the menu for only $10.95. He killed it and enjoyed every bite. Husband had the Dbl Decker. I enjoyed the Caesar salad and thin, crispy onion rings. My daughter had the mac&cheese. All were good and worth a try in any of their locations. Complimentary parking across the street is marked as such.