Pretty blah.  Fish burrito with small portion of fish and barely any guacamole or sour cream.  Basically was all rice and black beans.  
Nice location though...prob won't be back.Let me start off by saying this is a completely unfair yelp review, because I spent all of 10 minutes at Wahoo's and I tried not one single bit of their food.  I am a lover of tacos and a hater of seafood, so Wahoo's "Fish Taco" suffex is a little bit of an insult to my sensibilities.  Despite this, my lovely lady friend and I were scared out of Center City by extremely disruptive helicopters circling our heads at Moriarty's.  We were so perturbed that we decided to just start aimlessly walking in the direction of home.  Our Odyssean trek began to unravel around 30th and Chestnut when my bladder began to epically fail me but thanks to the intoxication Gods we found ourselves outside of Wahoo's and were intrigued by the buzzing crowd and twinkling lights.  While my lady friend ordered us two Citywides (a Tecate and a shot of tequila) I used their lovely facilities.  All around us enthusiastic college students played corn hole and stared idly at their iPhones.  After choking down the Tecate, we left the safety of the dimly lit patio with it's early 2000's throwback hits for the cold streets of Philadelphia once again, but this time emboldened by a freedom from my bladder woes and the warmth of a city wide.  Thanks Wahoo; you were there just when I needed you and one day I might just be back.Get the classic cajun chicken burrito, wet (drenched w/ cilantro, utensils are a must), with avocado slices. GET ITI met up with my friend here for Erin Express and although I wasn't able to get any drinks or food; this place seemed pretty chill. The atmosphere felt a lot like college and reminded me of good of freshmen days where I drank and played beer pong and loud music; they even let my friend hook up her phone to the speakers so she can play her music. Although it got a little crazy with people standing up on the tables and spilling drinks all over the floor, I wouldn't mind coming back when the place isn't so crazy haha.How in the name of restaurants does anyone rate this place less than 5 stars??? Bar with good beers? Check. Order at the register and sit? Sure. Sit and be waited on by a great owner and his helpful staff? Yes, please. Have the Paleo salad with the cilantro dressing. Two proteins...awesome. Have the wahoo tacos. Have the guacamole and chips. Nothing goes wrong here.With fear of the Mexican border being walled off, my husband and I decided taco takeout from Wahoo's would do the trick for an election night meal.  
I stopped in for what I thought would be an easy pick-up. Unfortunately, their computer register crashed, and it took some time for it to get up and running before I could pay. Once my food was ready, the bag sadly sat there for a few minutes before I got it. 
Long story short, go for the namesake. The fish taco is no joke. I had the fish taco Cajun style and it was as good as any other fish taco I've ever had. The fish was fresh and appropriately flavored. I also went with a carnitas enchilada with both the green and red sauce. It wasn't spice and was overall a little bland. I went with the Cajun white beans and could taste nothing but the smokiness. 
I passed the bar on the way out, but kind of wish I used my waiting time over there instead. The beer list was respectable. My visit was during taco Tuesdays and they had all-evening food specials. It also seems like they have happy hour specials on a regular basis. 
During my visit, I had a brief chat with the CEO who seemed very community oriented. 
While, unfortunately, the wall may be built, at least Wahoo's Fish tacos are safely on the inside.Great vibes, good for casual lunch with friends.Let me begin by saying how much I loathe Philadelphia. I hate the traffic, the idea that 7 or 8 consecutive cross streets can be one way without alternating directions... I hate the idea of loop streets and I especially loathe how hard is to park and how you can get a ticket or get towed before you even get 200 feet from your car... why would I be here in the heart of Philly then? College visit for my genius daughter that is so misguided about where to live and learn... BUT... now I have one thing here that I can say I truly love and it is Wahoo's!! The Baja fish tacos are by far my favorite California taste (one I used to head to directly from John Wayne Airport when ever  I would travel to Orange County) but the Carnitas are outstanding and so is the Salmon bowl. Grab a Modelo and enjoy the surf shack vibes on the banks of the Schuylkill!!!Ok, it's taco Tuesday here. So, when in Rome. I ordered the wahoo tacos. There were 3 different blends and each one was delicious. Bonus - the outdoor seating and beer garden selection is on point. Def check this place out.this is NOT TEX MEX!!! ugh! this is a so ca chain. their first store opened in costa mesa ca and now their first east coast store in philly!!! :) in ca, i lived a 5 min walk away from one and was a regular there. love their blackened fish tacos, shrimp tacos, outer reef burritos and onion rings. their banzai bowls are pretty good too. atmosphere in wahoos is always laid-back and casual with xsports memorabilia as decor. i moved here 3 months ago for grad school and am stoked that i have a bit of home on my campus! awesome.The fish burrito just blew my mind.  Great addition to the city.  Authentic cali style Mexican food and good happy hour.  Will definitely be back!We went to the first ever wahoo's a few months ago in sunny California. Minus the brilliant weather this place is just as amazing. Great healthy foodBeing from florida I loved tex mex. The food here is not that great at all, I have to admit the burritos were spicy when I asked them to make it like that. I wouldnt really reccomend this place to many people its a bit pricey for average quality food.Great place!  The staff is outstanding, awesome food and very fun environment.   At night the bar really has a good vibe.  They have live music and Tuesday night DJ.  DJ George is crazy good.I came by because I use to live in the area and I just wanted to try this place out.
I got the salmon taco and waited about 10 minutes for it cause I wanted it for take-out.
The interior of the place has a california-hawaii feel with skateboard brand posters all over.
Perfect for the college crowd.
Onto the food, not worth the 10 minutes wait and it's something that you can make yourself.
It tasted of canned salmon and corn and a few chopped up vegetables. Maybe it's due to the fact that I ordered a taco because I just wanted a quick snack. I should order a bigger meal next time and decide.Really wanted to give this place more stars because the ambiance is great, such a cool idea- mexican food and surf boards.... But the margaritas sucks. I'm pretty sure mine was 100% mix- mine was so sweet I literally couldn't take more than a sip. Same for my boyfriends. Hopefully for them, it was just an off night... Go with beer just in case!
Food was pretty decent. My boyfriend had the wahoo bowl with cajun chicken, cajun beans and white rice- he said it was awesome. I had a quesadilla, which was fine. 
Come if you want a chill place for a low key dinner and drinks.
Also, extra star because they have the cleanest bathrooms I've ever seen in a restaurant!!Uninspired food, bland decorum, barely functioning staff and average priced drinks. There are about 25 places less than 100 meters from here I would rather eat. Not to mention the glut of lunch trucks right on Drexel Campus.Great atmosphere, food, and service. Definitely recommended to friends and family! From the first time I came in, I felt the fun and friendly vibe here. I love everything on the menu I ever tried. The patio is awesome when weather is warm and staff is attentive. I love the live music on Wednesday and Saturday nights! Drinks are great as well. :)I came here with two friends for lunch on a Friday at 1pm. The ambiance of Wahoo's is cool and chill and the decor is eclectic. We ordered our food at the counter then found a booth and displayed our order numbers in a metal holder. Dish by dish our meals made their way to our table. I tasted some of the guacamole and chips that my friend ordered, they were good. I selected the wahoo salad with carnitas, one friend had the fish tacos with rice and beans, and the other ordered the wahoo salad with chicken. The carnitas in my salad was very fatty. Almost every other bite I had to spit out a piece of fat until I finally just decided to abandon the meat altogether. The roasted pepper cilantro dressing was very flavorful. I didn't ask for my dressing on the side, but it came that way. It was for the best because the salad was very soggy. I'm not sure if it was from the carnitas or if it was from the salsa, but the salad would have highly benefited from the ingredients being strained longer, if at all. I liked the seasoned slices of tortilla chips in the salad; they helped balance the sogginess. The salad and a mango iced tea ran me almost $12 bucks. It was a good size salad, but that's higher than I'd usually like to pay for lunch. 
Food wise, this place really deserves two stars. All the elements for a great meal are there, but it is stifled by the poor execution. The service was incredibly friendly and everyone we interacted with asked us how we enjoyed our meal, so for that Wahoo's is OK. I would definitely be interested in trying out happy hour, but would be hesitant to eat a meal there anytime soon.Loved this place when we lived in Orange Co Cali. This is a faithful re-creation, with a dearth of surfer-dudes.Look, I'm a college kid, and I understand this is intended to be a college kid hang out, but eating here was terrible. I ordered a Wahoo's bowl with brown rice, black beans, and blackened fish, and the fish was overcooked while the rice was undercooked. Couldn't eat it. Black beans and hot salsa were good but could not redeem the dish. The outdoor patio has good intentions, but the benches are uncomfortable, and the music is blaring. I could barely hear the person I was sitting with among the music and Chestnut Street traffic. One of the managers who came to check on us was very courteous, but the others acted condescending towards us.
Also, if you're expecting any sort of authenticity, you won't find it here. Not that it's to be expected, but the place screams "chain restaurant" to the point that it's not even enjoyable.Nice west coast spin to a east coast taco place in university city. Not so much in drink selection but the food is good but nothing i haven't had before.One of my favorite California chains somehow kept the same great fresh taste all the way across the country to Philadelphia.  They really care about their customers and the community.  I had the two taco meal with  fish and steak with black beans and white rice.   Great healthy fast meal.  Ask for the green sauce on the sideI returned to Wahoo's on a Friday evening for Happy Hour. Carrie B. and I scored some outdoor seating and both enjoyed the Kona beers on tap. I had a few Big Waves and Carrie had Longboard Lagers. This place is definitely a chill happy hour location and no one else knows because it was close to empty! They have plenty of outdoor seating, games, and good drink specials. If you plan to sit outside, you'll need to go to the bar to get your drinks because there was no waitress service when we were there. This could get kind of fishy (see what I did there?) if you want to reserve your seats.Had a,great meal served by an awesome waitress Meghan. They were packed but still manage to keep the delicious food and drink flowing with smiles! Highly recommended. Definelty ask for Meghan.If you download the app for the free taco, there's a 50% chance that it may work. I downloaded the app prior to coming into the restaurant (for the first time) and when it was time to redeem the "free" taco the cashier showed me that the redemption failed, meanwhile my friend who had just downloaded the app was able to redeem her reward. I explained to the cashier that it was my first time in the restaurant and also using the app and she kept insisting that I used the reward already. This was frustrating but in spite of this I placed my order... I ordered 2 chicken tacos and chips with salsa and my food was gooood... Also, while I was eating, the manager stopped over to check in and I was able to discuss the problem that I encountered with the app showing a false redemption - after further review I was eventually able to benefit from the promotion advertised in the app... I give 2 thumbs up for the food and service!Food: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 4
Service: 4
Value: 4
We came in here with a groupon, not really knowing what to expect. This place seems to be a small chain, and somewhere closer to a Moe's than a typical sit down restaurant. However, the service was good, the atmosphere was as well. The fish tacos were spot on, but the carne asada ones were definitely lacking. Their name suggests that they know how to do one thing, and that is the thing I would venture back here for.I ordered the onion rings, mild grilled chicken nachos and 3 shrimp enchiladas for my boyfriend and I to share. The onion rings & accompanying dip were amazing, the enchiladas were not bad, and the nachos we were barely able to stomach. The salsa was not good at all. I'm giving 3 stars because I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that the food would have been better in the restaurant, but I definitely won't be ordering from them again and I probably won't ever try dining in either. El Camino is MUCH better.Downloaded the app for the 1st time for the free taco. When I tried to redeem it she scanned it took my order then tried to scan it again now it's showing used already? How can it be used if this is my 1st time here and I just downloaded the app an hour ago. The girl had no clue, couldn't assist me. Then the cashier seemed annoyed when I was just trying to have a good experience my 1st time here.Lost my order. Continued to keep serving everyone else once they realized and ended up waiting over 45 minutes for tacos.Where do i even begin? This place is rad, to the max. Of all of the bars in University City, this place really has it all.. such a chill place. First off, there's comfortable and spacious, yet intimate, outdoor seating. Perfect for a relaxing drink after work. There are also some party games like giant jenga and cornhole for the competitive patrons. Surfboards, skateboards, and snowboards adorn the walls which add to an already tubular vibe. The bartenders are super cool babes/hunks who actually converse with you instead of just taking and making drink orders like robots. Amazing drinks and specials ($5 Miller Lite Pitchers all day every day?! Yes please.). And the food! SO GOOD. Great tacos!  Great everything. A perfect bar for relaxing lunch, a happy hour, a work party, or just a quick taco fix. I love this place.Went for lunch.  I thought it served food with fresh ingredients and it was a good value.  Staff was very friendly and service was excellent.  We sat outside and enjoyed a mean game of corn hole.Ive been here a couple of times with a friend. Good fresh food fair price and amazing service. The owner Jeff is always there to handle any issue but he has a great staff.
The reason I even eat tacos is Wahoo Taco
Go sit outsideGood food and drinks. Service is slow. Friday night with one bartender, not acceptable.Standard classic carnitas burrito($7.59, $8.20 after tax) to go. Came on a Sunday night half an hour before closing. Food was prepared fairly quickly. Safe option regardless of the hour! Got to meet with the manager; he really cares for the customers' satisfaction with the food and the service. Thanks wahoosI really wanted to give this a better review but I just can't. 
The place itself is pretty cool- the mixture of skate/surf feels relaxed and is definitely unique compared to the fare on the menu. It's a fun, well decorated place. 
My group and I ordered on apparently their one year anniversary. as staff told us. Nico, behind the cash register, was super helpful....TOO helpful. He knew it was my first time here so he asked me a million questions and added things to my order that I assumed came with my meal....nope, just trying to sell sell sell! After I checked my receipt I think he rang up $3 worth of shit that he never said costed more. Common courtesy is to tell a customer that a certain type of sauce or beans cost more. Even chains do this. I found this sneaky shit to put my review in the negatives before my food even came out.
My friends and I ordered when only one other table was there waiting for food. suddenly after we sat down, a rush came in and completely overwhelmed the incompetent staff. Two members got their food instantly but mine got lost in the chain- I waited 20 minutes when my friends waited about 1, and I ordered first. I approached a woman working about this and without even telling her my order time/order, she rudely declared "I'm sure it will be out soon." 
Food wasn't even hot temperature-wise when it came out.
Next time in Philly, I will go elsewhere, and I recommend you do tooIf you'd like a fantastic, way better than chipotle (yes I went there), burrito /some of the best Mexican food philly's ever had...Get here! Asap!!!!  These dudes are a serious soCal taco and burrito chain. Without a doubt the best burrito and taco stop in the city of brotherly love with some of the friendliest staff I've ever experienced in a restaurant...and of course they have beer! What more do you need? I promise you wont be disappointed!Food was decent but I'm giving 4 stars for the fantastic service. Really nice people working at this place.I had been here a few times just for drinks... standard college bar with an attempt to have a california-ish feel.   Specials are pretty good, $3 rotating beer and $6 tiny pitchers of bud light.   
I finally decided to try the food.  You order like you would at mcdonalds at a counter and then they deliver your food to your table.  I wanted a burrito for $8 girl behind the counter kept inaudably asking me questions about said burrito, when i asked what she meant, she said the same thing again, and again i did not understand what the words coming out of her mouth meant. So i asked a third time for her to repeat it and she was visably annoyed with me. Said the exact thing inaudible words again the same way, so i gave up and just said whatever ... whatever she rang up ended up costing $12. 
End up sitting down food takes a while to come out and the two other people i was with got thier food about 10 minutes apart. They gave one person the completly wrong thing. Finally i got my burrito... it ends up that i ordered it douced with sauce and a small side of cole slaw... 
Burrito was underwhelming, chipotle is significantly better imo, and the whole table was underwhelmed. 
Probably the last time i will get food here. But would still get a cheap beer if im around the area.I was initially drawn to Wahoo's because a friend of mine, John Gilbride, who used to host open mics at the dearly departed Lickety Split/Second State Lounge at the corner of 4th and South, had announced he had a new weekly performance gig. One Wednesday evening, I went over there after another friend's music gig and was STARVING--hadn't eaten in hours, so I got a tofu burrito with rice, cheese, and sour cream, tailored with a smile to my tastes!  John's music provided for a great atmosphere as per usual and the staff/servers were super friendly! They also have a bar in the back with rotating drink specials (including margarita pitchers)! Can't wait to return and try more menu items!Definitely better than the previous bar at this location. Food is consistently good, and the atmosphere is solid.  Outdoor space is key with some fun table games and street view for people watching. Bar is a bit packed and slow for service.They blast their music on the outdoor patio, right next door to student housing, very late into the night... Extremely inconsiderate.
As for their overpriced food, which I've had once, it was served to me cold.Well, I had high hopes having eaten Wahoo many times in California but this was a big let down. Fish was dry. Salsa tasted like it came from a jar. Chips from a bag. Oh, and I saw a mouse. There's that. In summary: unless you're in college and on a budget skip Wahoo and head to S. Philly for the authentic Mexican food.Very average fish tacos, and I'm a big fan. I liked the Cajun better than grilled, but again, just good. You can tell its a chain.Great place for drinks -- but only drinks. I took a group of friends here for Taco Tuesdays. Two of us waited for 20 minutes for dry and salty tacos (i.e., shrimp, carne asada, chicken). We ended up throwing half the food away and walked out for dinner elsewhere.Nope! Not a fan at all. The food is moderate at best! Although it seems to be a major happy hour place and maybe that's why it was pretty busy when we went there. It's just not good. If you want Mexican food go anywhere but here. If you want happy hour drinks go here. Not a fan, probably not gonna be going back anytime soon.Tacos, burritos, beer, Cali/surf vibe- you can't go wrong, right?  Think again.
I really want to like this place, I do.  The first time I came about two years ago, I'd give it a solid 3.  That time I ordered a spicy chicken burrito and, though pricy, it was pretty big and filling.  This time, however, I ordered the Wahoo Salad with Carne Asada and was thoroughly unimpressed.
What fully knocked it down a star for me is the process of dealing with the staff/service/wait times.  The place is confusing.  We wanted to sit outside so naturally I ordered my salad and drink to go, but my friend was offered a ticket so the girl working could bring him his burrito outside-I wasn't aware that was an option as the cashier didn't inform me that.  So my friend got to sit comfortably in the sun while I stood awkwardly inside for about 15 full minutes waiting by a table watching the employees goof off and take their sweet ass time preparing to-go orders and passing around paychecks.  It's lunch time, there should be some sense of urgency.  For a while, I didn't even see anyone occupying the cash register. 
It wasn't even crazy busy, but I'd say about 4 or 5 people got their food before me, including people who ordered larger meals after me.  I got a salad-what could possibly take so long?  Overall, I wondered: is the place like Five Guys where you order, pay and pick up at the counter or is it meant for dining in?  Get your shit together.  Five Guys is a long wait, too, but at least the food is worth it.  Not here.
My salad sounded like a delicious guacamole and cheese filled taco salad with tortilla strips and I was pretty excited, but what I got was a takeout container of romaine lettuce all up in the center, broken tortilla chips in one corner, cheese in another, and pico de gallo in another, rather than mixed together for ease of eating.  The kicker was the Asian-style vegetables drenched in soy sauce covering the whole thing- mushrooms, uncut broccoli, cabbage slaw, etc.  Oh, and a few measly pieces of carne asada that I ordered (that was actually tasty, too bad there wasn't enough of it).  The whole thing tasted overwhelmingly like hibachi, not TexMex at all.  The green cilantro dressing sounded and looked appealing but tasted so bitter, like straight onion or something.  Good thing I didn't cover my whole salad in it.  After reflecting back, I remember the menu said "bonsai vegetables" but there was no explanation- I guess one could safely assume that a Mexican style place wouldn't serve broccoli in soy sauce.
If the food and service were better (and if my lunch didn't come to $13), I'd return for happy hour for guacamole and some beer, but I think I'll pass. 
P.S.-They have Gatorade on tap at the soda fountain, which is a plus.Careless bartenders. Made me keep my card on a tab behind the bar and then proceeded to give my card to someone else. Poor service. Very sub par food and terrible serviceI love Wahoos.  The atmosphere is excellent, the food is great and the staff is very friendly.Food is great and fresh margaritas are awesome. Service is prompt and friendly. We'll definitely be back!Really cool atmosphere and awesome outdoor seating. I always just get the taco platter which gives you a lot of food for the price. It's also cool that they have a full bar if you want to grab drinks.  Love the place.I think if you read through reviews you'll see that Wahoo's May be a better place to drink than eat. I was here to eat and it was "fine". 
The interior is fun and funky and it looks like they have a great patio area. For food, you order and pay at the counter and someone brings it to you. 
I opted for the Wahoo bowl ($8ish) which gave me white rice (plain, unreasoned, boring), black beans (also boring) and spicy chicken. Yay for that spicy chicken! It was actually spicy and really tasty I think my bowl needed some kind of sauce/salsa to tie it all together but I didn't see any option for that.
Overall it was fine but I wouldn't rush back.We came here while waiting for a bus back to NYC. The outside looked fun and whimsical, there is a huge jenga game set up and there is a ski lift theme. The place is a college place, expect very little. I got the screaming burrito, with brown rice and beans on the side. The rice and beans were barely cooked, but the burrito was beyond amazing! My boyfriend got a burrito bowl with mush rice, he wasn't happy, but he ordered nachos to make up for it, and they made up for it, almost. The one saving grace was that the Kona beers were only $2.75, and I fell in love with on called Longboard. The service was just fine, very laid back waiters, it was pretty chill.This is the worst Tex mex I've had in Philly and possibly some of the worst I've had anywhere! This review is largely for the food. 
We came by to take advantage of the nice weather and their huge patio! It was gorgeous there and everyone was soaking in the 80 degree weather. Everyone else seemed to be drinking but not eating...we clearly should have taken this as a sign!
We had the chicken nachos and the classic burrito. The nachos were a sad excuse with liquid cheese and canned beans and...not much else. The burrito was mediocre at best and didn't have much favloe. 
The servers were really nice and the patio was great but just DON'T come here to eat! I would rather have made myself a stovetop quesadilla.  This is a great place to stop by for a drink ONLY.The problem with this restaurant is that it doesn't care about its neighborhood, the residents who live in the same building and across the street (Chestnut Square), and need to sleep at night. It plays loud music both indoor and outdoor in the middle of the night (especially between 10 pm-2 am) whether it's a weekday or on weekends. Drunk people scream at each other when sitting or playing games in the outdoor area. All of these create crazy noises to the people who live in the Left Bank and the Chestnut Square, who need sleep and go to work on the next day! Despite the manager and the concierge of the building calling them to stop these noises, they keep doing what they've been doing.
Sure, these residents in the building are not customers of Wahoo's. However, this is a clear indication that the people at Wahoo's only care about money and themselves.I first tasted Wahoo's in the 90s in Santa Monica, California. It's one of the earlier success stories of a non traditional Mexican like joint. It has influences from America and is totally a surfer type of place.
For all of the great food on the east coast, there is a shortage of good fast Mexican food restaurants. Chipotle and Qudoba are American style burrito joints that are about as one note as they get. An okay meal, but not the kind of special I like.
Now, I've stumbled on some places here and there, but there's something special about a familiar place from my Los Angeles days making it's way out East. So, when I saw a Wahoo's Fish Taco restaurant arrive to Philly, I was real excited.
The moment I walked into Wahoo's, it looked just like the Wahoo's out West. I got myself a fish taco and a pork taco, with black beans and rice on the side. And, we got an order of guac and chips to start.
The chips were nice, warm, and tasty. The guac was pretty good along with it, as was the salsa.
Shortly after, my meal arrived. The fish taco was pretty good. The pork taco was bombtastic. The rice and beans were really good as well. Everything tasted so fresh.
Wahoo's offer's sit down with full service and walk up service. Even if you do walk up service, they still bring the food to your table. They also have a full bar. The atmosphere is great. Everyone was very nice. At least three people checked in with us to see how our meal was. My answer to each of them was, "Fantastic, thanks!"If I could I would give zero stars. I never eat fast food, and I swear you'll have a better meal for a fraction of the price at Taco Bell. 
My boyfriend & I ordered delivery via grubhub: 4 carne asada steak tacos (with only cheese and cilantro), the screamin' burrito, and chips and salsa. An hour and a half later we got half of what we ordered freezing cold and soggy- called them and explained and the manager promised to drive the remainder of the order to us personally- an hour and change later, a different delivery kid came on a bike with the rest of the order (completely incorrect & not what we ordered), freezing cold. The chicken in the burrito was undercooked and we threw out everything because it was inedible. Save your money & time, go to Taco Bell.Solid addition of the California mini-chain. Wahoo in University City has a funky decor and cool outdoor seating area with cornhole and games. Beer here is pretty cheap ($3 for a craft beer on happy hour). Shame they dont have baja-style fried fish tacos.Great burritos. Haven't been to a Wahoo's once moving from Los Angeles. Same great food and atmosphere.  Outdoor area is nice.I really like this place! The employers are always super friendly and really seem to enjoy their job. Their food is a nice addition to university city. I especially love their standard carnitas burrito ("wet" even better) which makes me forget all about chipotle. 
Their tacos are good as well - especially on $2 Taco Tuesday (even though they seem a bit smaller on these days). Also, try their Churro Chips - they are pretty addicting.  
Will stay a regular for sure!Had my son's last-minute birthday party at Wahoo and it was a great time for all! We had planned to come informally and sit outside, but needed to change plans due to rain forecast. I called a few hours before we came, and they were able to hold tables and put together party platters. They even let us bring a cake at no extra charge (including giving us plates and forks), and even gave my son a birthday present. The kids loved the sports on tv putting stickers on the walls (it's encouraged!). The adults loved the fish tacos and happy hour drink specials. I can't believe how inexpensive it was, with amazing service. The owner and several staff made sure we were taken care of! I would definitely recommend Wahoo for laid-back group gatherings.First time I went - cold winter day and the fire alarm was going off when we arrived. We didn't pay or anything, so we just went to Zavino nearby. 
Second attemp: I went to Wahoo at 1:15pm on a Friday on a different cold winter day. The ordering and food service experience was EXTREMELY fast, efficient, and friendly. We were off to a great start! It wasn't too crowded, but we ended up at a table near the door and it was cold for me. Head to the back half of the place to stay warm. The place was covered in skate boards, long boards, snowboards, and there was a giant sneaker over my head. slightly gimmicky, but could be good for conversation. 
The Wahoo chicken salad - charbroiled - sounded great. I had it without cheese or tortilla strips. The person I ordered from highly recommended the roasted pepper cilantro dressing, so I had it. My friends had the guac, salsa and chips and to me the guac looked dry. I wouldn't get that salad again. 
My one friend had the Carnitas salad we both noticed that the salads seemed wet. Her dressing came on the side, which she didn't request, and mine was on the food. The wetness to me didn't seem to come from too much dressing, but rather just the ingredients being... wet. Perhaps the salsa wasn't strained enough or something like that. It still tasted good- just was soggy. My other friend had fish tacos, rice and black beans - she said she was satisfied, so that's good. 
We all agreed we would go back to check out happy hour, but if we went back would try other foods. I believe that there is something to this place, and maybe it can be found in the golden hour of sweet, sweet drink deals.Friendly place in university city / philly. Good bar food, good drinks. The staff has always been friendly and the owner Jeff is around and invested in his customers. I've been here a few times so give this place a go if you're in town.Came for lunch on a Saturday. From NY, didn't know the drill and they gave us a mini tour Real cool decor! These guys are so friendly and went out their way to give great service. Even sent us over some "Homemade Churro Chips" which were awesome!Though the sauce leaked in the bag, the delivery was fast, burritos were big and delicious. Prices are not bad too. Will order againWas going to give it a three star because the food was mediocre. Rice and beans were bland but the atmosphere and drinks were good. Food wasn't fresh done in 10 minutes and when i got home the upset stomach started.So happy this restaurant opened right on my school's campus. Tried it for the first time and I absolutely loved it! Has a warm California feel to it in this cold Philadelphia weather. Will definitely come again!Not a big taco person, but my friend and I decided to grab quick eats at Wahoo's. The tortillas were too dry and the fish was blandly flavorless. The sweet, cinnamon-y Churro chips were more satisfying than the actual taco.Food was eh... tacos were decent, rice was hard and chewy, beans were just alright. Poor service at the bar when it wasn't even that crowded. The older male bartender pointed to me as if it were my turn, I point to a guy who is clearly ahead of me and patiently waiting, he takes his order, a few other people approach and suddenly their drink orders are all taken before mine. Cool bro. I'll take my business elsewhere. CoZara down the street has a much better service and a chiller vibe, in case you're looking.I really like this place. Inside and outside is cool. Actually, the outside is really cool. It has a nice chill spot. People just enjoying the nice setting and each other. Bean bag toss while you wait for your food. And also big jinga blocks. Nice spot. Check it out. Get the Maui Bowl.Did not know this place was a chain, and you wouldn't really guess it by visiting. It's got a very local vibe going. This location is huge with lots of indoor and outdoor seating and a full bar, successfully achieving a casual cali surf/ beach atmosphere
It's an order-at-the-counter joint. There was no line when my friends and I popped in on a Saturday at lunch time. The total time from ordering to getting our food was about 10 minutes, maybe. We all ordered various dishes. I stuck with my tried and true chicken quesadilla and opted for the cajun-spiced chicken for a little kick. My friends ordered tacos and bowls. We were all thrilled with our eats. The ingredients tasted very fresh, and the proteins were super well seasoned. To top it off the staff was pretty stellar as well. Super accommodating with our weird questions and indecisiveness. Street parking nearby was fairly easy to snag. My biggest, and really only, complaint about this place is it seems to be a little overpriced. The quesadilla was tasty and flavorful, but it didn't blow my mind, and I can grab one from my local Mexican joint for only $4. I would come back to try one of their signature bowls though, because dang - those things looked so good.The staff here was amazingly awesome!  my food came out hot and fast, I cant wait to eat it.  they don't deliver yet but they are working on it.  until then phone in your order and they will be sure to have it ready and right.  Go Wahoo!!!!Cheap, quick, large portions, and plenty of seating.( Also the food tastes pretty good and they have a bar.) For a restaurant/bar on a college campus I think that just about fulfills every requirement. 
For $10 you can get three tacos, rice, and beans (they will automatically top w/cheese so you have to specify if you don't want it). So that's a yes to them having a vegan option. They have a pretty large menu so I imagine most things you would want at a Mexican restaurant would be in the realm of possibility.I lived in San Diego for fifteen years, and cringed when I was first introduced to fish tacos.  I immediately pictured something like the tacos served in high school, with ground fish in place of the ground beef.  I was pleasantly surprised to find fish tacos are nothing like that, and good ones are fresh, healthy, and incredibly tasty.
With that background, I was very excited to learn that Wahoos!, my favorite SoCal fish taco place, had opened a location in University City.  I've been there several times since it opened, mostly when in the city on business but sometimes driving up from Delaware, and I've never been disappointed.  The owner, Jeff, runs a tight business.  Food is delivered quickly, and is hot and fresh, made to your specs.  If something isn't perfect, it gets fixed with no quibbling.  Staff are friendly, responsive, and well-trained.  I've introduced several friends and business associates to Wahoos!, and each of them has come away a new fan and repeat customer.
I'm accustomed to so-called "classic" fish tacos, as opposed to what most Philadelphians order; a classic is grilled fish, cheese, pico de gallo, and shredded cabbage.  The kitchen is always happy to prepare my items any way I want them, and they rival the best I ever found in California.  Black beans, white rice and several splashes of Cholula hot sauce complete the meal.
While I'm without question a fish taco aficionado, there are plenty of other options on the menu to accommodate those who just can't past the concept.  It's classified here on Yelp as Tex-Mex, but Wahoos! is more of a Baja-style restaurant - fresh, lots of seafood influence, little frying.  My only quibble about the restaurant is that parking is a challenge (timing is a huge factor), but for those in Center or University City, it's an easy walk, subway ride, or bike trip.  
I'll keep coming back and ordering my classics.  Thanks for bringing my comfort food to the East Coast, Jeff!A free fish taco coupon finally prompted me to check out Wahoo's for the first time, and I'll admit that I'm glad that I did :)
The ambiance is v casual and cool, with lots of both indoor and outdoor seating. They do have servers if you want table service, but you can also just order individually at the counter and have them bring the food to you. 
Around a dozen of my friends and I came in on Sunday at around 2pm and it was fairly empty when we took over a long table. The service was quick, polite, and gracious, and they didn't bat an eye even though many of us had a free fish taco coupon to add to our meal. Also, they may have been feeling just feeling extra kind (perhaps given the holiday and all) but they brought out free dessert for us at the end of the meal - a tasty cinnamon sugar type of chips! Overall, the food overall wasn't like mind blowing, but they serve large portions at very affordable prices. I had gotten an enchilada, which came with rice and beans, and it was okay. I'll say that the paleo bowl that my friend ordered looked really good, so I'll be getting that if I have the opportunity to come back!I was going to post that this is a good place for college students.  Thinking about it, that would be an insult to college students. The taste and quality of the food was very poor.  The meat was tough and flavorless.  The nachos  were microwaved; this in itself is not a surprise, as it's a common technique for melting cheese.  What was a surprise was that they were ice cold and didn't seem to have been RECENTLY microwaved.  It seems that they were microwaved SOME TIME AGO.  There are definitely better places to get the exact same foods for the same price.
I will say that the young man who served us was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and our options.Wahoo's is home to a chill vibe, reasonably priced food, and a really nice outdoor seating area. I imagine it'd be nice to have a small event in their courtyard on a nice day. They even have corn hole and other games!
I've visited twice recently, in April and last Friday for a small dinner. You order at the register and take your assigned number to a table indoors or outdoors. It doesn't take too long for the food to arrive, which is nice.
I've ordered the chicken taquitos on both visits. They're only $4.99 but really quite good. I also tried a pork taco, and I'd highly recommend it. I don't eat fish much, so chances are I won't ever get around to trying their signature items.
This is definitely a great choice for an affordable and relaxed meal in University City. I don't get to that neighborhood too much, but this place is definitely on my radar as a preferred choice for quality eats.I really like it! The shrimp taco with black beans was delicious! You have a bar beside if you want to drink a beer. The decoration is amazing, and you pay a good price! Cheap!The worst food ever.  Nothing is fresh, cheap ingredients. Got the order wrong.  My first and last visit.  I can't believe it's busy.Ok- this is definitely a 3.5 star place- I bumped it up to 4 stars because the staff is super polite. 
The food is mediocre at best- the ambience is cool- makes me oddly think of Cali muscle beach- minus all the muscles and the beach lol. They have a full service section where he bar is located, and a walk up section where you can get take out OR eat in. ( or eat outside where there is also seating. The prices aren't bad- they have selections that are both vegan / and gluten free friendly. 
The staff is dope- my son who had been going crazy after a long day of soccer felt the desire to dance around in front of our table ( he loved the music) one of the managers came up and engaged him in an awesome way and gave him a free brownie. He even asked me about it first . 
I will admit the fair is mediocre at best- I had a good gluten free vegan meal- but my friend had a meal that had meat and cheese and she felt the same. Its worth a visit- but don't expect the food to knock your socks off.