We went to the Walnut Street Café with some friends of ours for Sunday brunch. I had been previously to try their daily-rotating City Wide special, and found that experience pleasant, but this review focuses just on our Sunday brunch experience.
I begin with the only real negative of the day, which was the less-than-stellar table service we got. Several pastries that we had ordered simply never arrived, and some hot tea that my wife and one of our friends ordered arrived at the table lukewarm. That said, I think the restaurant was understaffed relative to the crowd that day--there were perhaps only three servers working to serve 30-40 patrons.
Aside from that, everything else met expectations. I ordered the steak and potatoes, which came exactly as I had ordered it--rare. The steak was clearly a high-quality piece of beef, and had excellent flavor and marbling. My wife and our friends raved about the toast they had with their eggs and potatoes. And, partly because of the bad service we received, the manager comped us several dishes we hadn't ordered, including a tasty pasta carbonara, a ham-cum-pastry-and-egg dish whose French name I cannot recall, and two brunch desserts (!)--a delicious custard dish with berries, and an apple pastry of some sort.
I expect to return here in the future for brunch. The ambience is top-notch, and while the place is a tad pricey, the food seems high quality. I hope that the service improves, however.Arrived close to 5 pm on a Saturday night. Basically empty dining room. The host kept us waiting more than ten minutes. We inquired about the hold up and he in a very rude way told us he needed to put us upstairs and it wasn't ready. Ten more minutes and we we're finally led upstairs. It looked like the cafeteria at my Catholic grade school. We insisted on a downstairs table. From there it was a great experience. Food was fabulous. Service was excellent. Decor was lovely. The unisex rest rooms don't lock but hey you can't have everything.This place was amazing, and just a brief walk from the 30th Street Amtrak station. They started us off with focaccia made in their house bakery - mind blowing! The appetizers, entrées, cocktails, and dessert were equally impressive. The architecture is modern, clean, and minimal with lots of natural light - all contributing to a beautiful ambience. And the staff was charming and attentive. I think I'll make this my go-to spot whenever I'm taking the train to Philadelphia.Had a very nice dinner here. Overall a great experience.
Enjoyed starting off with the "Serendipitous Accident" cocktail, which was excellent. Had a sip of the "Cold Crush" cocktail as well, which was fine but not nearly as good. 
The food was great all around. They brought out some really great foccacia (nice and salty) right off the bat. Really enjoyed the lox on the "everything" crackers. The hanger steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly, rare just how I like it with a great sear on the outside. The mushroom side was very good as well. Had a bite of the scallops starter, which was perfectly cooked and had a nice accent flavor from some crunchy little nibs on top. Also had a taste of the ravioli and the chilled zucchini soup, really tasty.
Excellent service. Attentive, friendly, and helpful.
It's a very nice space, although the big beautiful windows open up to...traffic on the road. But everything else was great.The food here was pretty good. There's not a ton of variety on the menu but it's good. The host here was so rude and he was making it very obvious that he was trying to be rude to me after I was a little late for my reservation. He then told me he didn't want me to feel like I had "limited time" but i needed to rush for his next reservation, which i understand but it was unnecessary when there were such little people coming in to the restaurant. it was a fine dinner but would've been better if the host was nicer.The latest darling of Philly food is Walnut Street Cafe and I am fully on board. Situated, basically on the Walnut Street bridge, this cafe opened in June and serves breakfast, brunch, lunch, happy hour and dinner. I was there for brunch, and not being the b
The space is absolutely gorgeous. From the couches to the maticulous bar area, I really loved every piece of furniture in there. 
Most exciting to me, though,  are the baked goods. Baker Melissa Weller is doing things that make me real happy. The biggest happy maker is that she makes khachapuri, a Georgian, calzone-like treat previously only found in Philadelphia at a very odd and far away Georgian restaurant called My Uncle's Backyard. The dough with handlebars is stuffed with cheese and a fried egg. They are best shared. Walnut Street's are stuffed with feta and cheddar and french ham, instead of the typical Sulguni Georgian cheese. It is $12 on the brunch menu. 
For more dough, meat, and cheese, the breakfast sandwich ($8) stuffs a delicious biscuit with sausage, egg, and cheese. I runnier egg or creamy sauce would have been the only improvement here. For a more adventurous option, black scrapple is totally fancied up here with romesco, black rice, a fried egg and a scattering of hazelnuts. Scrapple and hazelnuts is a fun, unexpected pairing.  
The cafe was awesome enough to bring out a chocolate mouse dessert to celebrate my mom's birthday that was so delicious it was demolished even though we were totally full at this point. 
The menus at other types of the day are so different; I have a million reasons to come back her. But I have my eye on the chocolate hazelnut kouign amann which was devastatingly sold out when we were there. I can't think of a better pastry. 
As a fun side trip, go next door to the Cira Green roof for a view of the city.If I could give a negative amount of stars I would. We went for lunch, the waiter was rude , food tasted like it came out of a cafeteria and the ambience was non existent. STAY AWAY AND SAVE YOUR MONEY. A TV dinner would have been more elegant.A very impressive scene. While the "cafe" description may be misleading, this place is perfect for your "power" lunch or business meeting.  I've sat at the actual kitchen counter a few times and it's purely entertaining watching all the chefs put together the great meals everyone there is super friendly and the sunlight coming into the big windows make it a very bright atmosphere.  The food variety is great, the food is all fresh, and really enjoyed the different noodle large plates they had.After getting engaged we decided to "swing by" for a glass of bubbly and a snack but that quickly changed when we read the menu and were swept into the warm arms of the Walnut Street team.
From the sweet smiling face on the hostess to the bartender Sam, and our charming server Gabriel everyone went above and beyond to make us feel like royalty. We sat in the far end of the dining room overlooking the entire restaurant and kitchen, the space is sleek and sexy but very cozy and comfortable. 
The food was wonderful, the highlights being the perfectly seasoned scallops with carrot and ginger as well as the perfectly tender skirt steak with salsa verde and tortellini with impossible thin pasta and bright lemon. There is some serious talent in that kitchen and I feel we only skimmed the surface! 
I finally I would be remiss not to mention the incredible hospitality shown by Sommelier Eddie and GM/wine director Branden, thank you thank you thank you, we will never forget that night!Food was ok..Service can be better, asked for Mimosa's was told they were out of the breakfast staple Orange Juice..There was no line at the door! Not a very good first impression.I'm pretty conflicted about this place. On the one hand, happy hour is great (eggnog!!1!11) and affordable. And 3 hours long. Look I love their happy hour. The ambiance overall is great, beautiful windows, great views. I've heard good things about their pastries but they're always sold out when I arrive. 
What really bums me out is the one full meal I had here. It was lunch and it took 40 minutes for food to come out. It wasn't busy, no one was being stretched thin. And yet it still managed to take that long to make pasta and a steak. The waitress was kind and affable, but she did forget to put something in. Steak was served rare when she asked for medium. Food was okay for the most part, though the lemon ricotta bread definitely was too tough. 
So it's hard for me to really say for sure what I would give this place. I guess it really depends on what you're coming for. Happy hour? YEAH. Anything else, maybe think twice.I was pleasantly surprised by the Walnut Street Cafe. Came here with friends on a Sunday night and loved the decoration of this place. We had two people serving us and they were so informative and attentive. Shout out toe Cheyenne and Sammy! The food was really amazing and something I didn't expect. I really didn't have any expectations but highly recommend!UGH - Horrible food - and this is supposed to be the new "in spot" to eat. I ordered the chicken off the lunch menu which is given the ever so "helpful" following description: Chicken - mushrooms, Marsala sauce, preserved lemon.  What I got was a fairly non- descript piece of chicken - I think it was a de-boned thigh - swimming - and I mean swimming - in a broth of chicken with some mushrooms and no sign of preserved lemon.  I must assume that the chicken broth - while it bore no resemblance to it - was meant to represent Marsala sauce. Just Horrible food.Brunch- good service, modern atmosphere, terrible food.   To be fair, the sides of mushrooms were good.  Eggs, fried potatoes, coffee, toast were all like a bad diner.  How could you mess up eggs.   And for $9 two improperly cooked eggs? Plus, the home fries were deep fried and the toast was limp with too much butter/margarine.Clean and spacious place with plentiful natural lighting. The thing that was most noticeable from the beginning to the end of my lunch there is the service. The servers are very nice and attentive but not in any overbearing way and made for a very pleasant dining experience. 
I ordered the ravioli and my friend got the iceberg salad. The ravioli was good (didn't stand out in any way, though it may have been a little dry) but the portion may not be filling for people with larger appetites than mine. The salad seemed to be a little heavy with blue cheese so beware. But again, the ambience and especially the service makes up for it. If the food gets 3 stars from me, everything else gets 5 - hence the four-star review.
Not sure if this is somewhere I'd come again because I'll be craving the food necessarily, but I definitely would consider it for a slightly fancy brunch or lunch if the occasion arises.I was looking for a place  get birthday breakfast pastries on my commute west. I found this gem. they have it all; the ambiance, the decor and the packaging/branding. I walked out of there with these 3: zucchini olive oil bread, cheddar biscuit, and the raspberry smelt scone. I really can't tell you my fav' as they were all spot on. go. enjoy. i'll have to go back for dinner.Today I stumbled upon this gem of restaurant. I ordered the pork belly sandwich which was phaonominal. The service was nice and very attentive granted that had 20+ people on staff. Great place to eat.This is a beautiful, bright, clean and modern cafe with attentive service and a lovely choice of moderately priced brunch dishes. However, the loveliness of the food ends with the menu descriptions. The cappuccinos were small, lukewarm and bland--absolutely no hint of coffee flavor. The kouign amann pastry -- think puff pastry square with a very light chocolate mousse filling --was also extremely bland. To cap off a disappointing meal, the soft boiled eggs came out hard boiled. If it weren't for the good service and nice atmosphere, I would have rated the Walnut Street Cafe even lower.Exactly what the area needed!  Excellent atmosphere, delicious food, and an extensive wine list.  I went for lunch.  The place was full but they still sat us quickly.  The servers were attentive yet accomodating of a more leisurely pace for the meal.  Some of my favorites were the cold Zucchini soup with tempura blossoms and the grilled carrots drizzled in honey.  We also tried the clam flatbread, which has a cream that highlights the flavor, and the burger, which was cooked perfectly and tasty though less unique.  I can't wait to try the dinner menu!Only have been for breakfast and have loved it each time. The oatmeal is delicious!!! The staff and overall vibe of the restaurant is very upscale. Favorite spot near work!Amazing experience! New to the city and stopped in for lunch. The food was prepared and presented beautifully. The drinks were refreshing and delicious! Big thank you to Jake and Manny for the amazing service and company! I'll be back again, and again, and again :).Rude overpriced tiny portions cafeteria atmosphere they informed us there's a time limit on eating there and we might be told you have to leave before you finish eating this was strange being that the place was empty and we had a reservation, we should of left right then but stayed for an expensive dinner where I left hungryGorgeous new restaurant tucked under the glass tower of the FMC building at 30th and Walnut. So thankful this was NOT a restaurant with all show and no substance. We did not need a reservation for a party of 2 at noon on a Friday, but I wouldn't be surprised if as we get into Fall and this little gem gets discovered if that is no longer the case.
My delicious meal began with a house-made grapefruit and white peony soda. Seriously the most amazing non-alcoholic beverage I have ever had. The seasonal foccia was delicious, no oil even needed. My entree was the chicken, served with the skin which I do not care for, but it was easily picked off. I understand it's in place for moisture and otherwise the chicken was perfectly done. Mushrooms we're very good and flavorful, not bland at all. Side of carrots was tasty, a bit too charred for my taste but that's minor. My colleague had the ravioli, which she declared to be wonderful little pockets of cheese and the mint to be a plus.
We ended sharing the peach hibiscus sorbet which delightfully full bodied and thankfully dairy free. My only concern would be to add more dairy-free options to the dessert menu.
Our server Brandon W was great and could answer all of questions. 
Do note that if you are looking to chow down for $10 this is NOT the place. Portions are small (probably appropriate sizes, we are just used to tons of food) and it's pricey. But worth every penny. Hope they continue to do well.A solid place for brunch. Good service and food. Everything is prepared nicely and it's a very nice atmosphere. Some things are a bit overpriced, but you're paying for the service and environment.Good day.
I was part of a larger party eating at Walnut St Café last night.  
From the time of arrival to the point of departure, the service was poorly executed and not at all fitting with the general high pricing of the menu nor with what I have come to understand the "Philadelphia food scene" to represent. 
I would be happy to discuss specific details with management based on response to this review. 
Thank you for your time.Had our first visit to WSC last night and offer these observations.  Although every server we met was sweet and kind, there appears to be a lack of training and direction as to priorities.  For instance, water glasses were constantly monitored and refilled but wait times for food was very long and when some items ultimately arrived, they were cold.  Lasagna and raviolis are definitely not dishes best served cold.  The wait for cocktails was unusually long and when drink orders arrived, they were prepared incorrectly, e.g., ice in a cocktail ordered "straight up" and charges on the bill for cocktails ordered "straight up with dirty rocks on the side."  Otherwise, entrees that were served hot - scallops and steak - were absolutely delicious.  Therefore, I would consider another visit and hope that management will provide better training to bar staff and servers who clearly want to please the customers but haven't been properly trained.The food here is really good. They make Italian and Gourmet American taste heavenly! Also the interior design is beautiful! I love the use of asymmetry and lightening design.Walnut Street Cafe is one of those places that left me with a food contact high. The location itself is gorgeous, with a ton of natural light. I was stuck in an awkward corner booth that was a bit annoying, but not enough to ruin the day. I was there for lunch and had the Scarlet Glow Tea (lovely and refreshing for summer, especially with the squeeze of lemon), the fried porgy, and the smoked brook trout. 
The porgy was perfectly fried. However, I incorrectly assumed it would come with some small handful of spring mix or potatoes, the entire plate is just two small pieces of fish, a lemon wedge, and tartar sauce.  Since I was still hungry, I ordered the smoked brook trout to round things out. This was intended as a starter but was about as filling as my porgy entree. 
The trout was delicious, but I think the sauerkraut was missing that pungent, acidic flavor I was accustomed to. There was a lot of oil in the dish and without the acid to balance it, the trout came off as a bit greasy. Additionally, I think they should play with serving the dish cold - the smoked flavor of the fish is not at all aggressive, and the warm temperature of the dish dulled some of the flavors. 
I took a piece of the chocolate babka from the cafe back home as a dessert - that part was perfect.
All told I spent about $40 including tax and tip; I'd say be prepared to spend at least that much on lunch unless you are getting something like the burger, which I assume would be more filling. Overall a solid experience though and I would definitely go back, although maybe only on special occasions.This place hit all the notes. Incredible food, drink, and service. Worth a trip - just do it!Beautiful interior and ambiance. Live music on Sundays. I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict from the brunch menu. It was perfectly seasoned and nicely plated. The hollandaise sauce was light and the toast was just the right amount of crunch. One of the poached eggs was a bit too runny for my liking, but otherwise it was a solid meal. The only bummer was that they had run out of several pastries by 1pm. So get there early to try them.Cozy spot that doubles as a daytime cafe/lunch place and a bar in the evenings. Nice layout and good people and service!I finally got the chance to check out Walnut Street Cafe! Definitely worth the trip.
We went for brunch, and fortunately there wasn't a wait since we didn't have a reservation. It wasn't too crowded but we also got there right when they opened at 10.
The brunch options were great. I was so excited to have choices that weren't just the usual eggs benny or stuffed French toast! I had the "black scrapple" option (yeah Philly!) and it was basically scrapple, rice, and a fried egg - kind of a Philly style Tex Mex? My friend had the khachapuri (right?) - it was basically a toad in the hole breakfast pizza. And Fiancé's brunch came in a mini cast iron skillet. Adorable. 
They serve Rival Brothers coffee, and were so great about topping off our cups. I left with a nice coffee buzz!
The only thing I wasn't pleased with was my Bloody Mary - it was just meh. But Fiancé got one of the drinks off the cocktail menu and thought it was fab. So don't go looking for the boring brunch options expecting something great, go to try out something new!The food is good in this place but there are certain disconnects that just do not work. 
The kitchen shuts at 9pm on a week day and 8pm on Sunday. If you are a guest at the AKA which sends a lot of business to them, and to which they offer in room dining, you will come unstuck. The. Sr stays open - but no bar snacks. I arrived just minutes lat 9pm and the kitchen was already shut down; not even a salad. 
Staff are very nice there, but  according to the AKA, their guests complain frequently about the times of the restaurant. 
If we were on the moon, I would understand; but this is Philadelphia.. A major US city. The hours imposed on the place make me give it 2 stars.. not a reflection of the staff or food quality, simply a reflection of a shoddy business directive.I've been meaning to check this place out for awhile - it's located on the first floor of FMC Tower on Walnut. Beautiful interiors, high ceilings, gold furnishings, with a lovely bar and an open kitchen. My friend and I shared the cinnamon roll (more cake-like than flaky pastry, which I appreciated), khacharpuri, and the carbonara. The carbonara was alright, I think we were ambivalent about it. But the khacharpuri was reaaaally good! Am hoping to try the black scrapple and smoked salmon benedict the next time I make a visit.We come here all the time. It's convenient to the train station, the atmosphere is lovely and pastries are wonderful! I've come with my husband and toddler for brunch, by myself for coffee and even taken a few work lunches here with clients. As many other reviewers have pointed out, the services is horrible -- well, not actually the service, but the host. He's just so nasty. Now when I invite people to dine with me I have to caveat it by saying, "please ignore the horribly unfriendly host. He's like that with everyone." But I wish I didn't have to write that. WSC, can you please talk to this guy?I recently moved to the AKA building above the restaurant and have made Walnut Street Cafe my go-to place for everything. It is a perfect restaurant for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. At the helm of Chef Daniel Eddy, It is doing casually refined food few other restaurants in Philly can match. Also, the pastries by chef Melissa Weller are noted for being some of the best in the country! It is one of the most beautiful spaces in the city to dine. Every time I have visitors, I make sure to come down to the Cafe and it never disappoints. The management is always accommodating and they treat me like family. I could not ask for a better restaurant to have near my new home.We had an amazing meal. Jake was our waiter and the service was perfect. 
We all loved the gnocchi , the ricotta toast, the squid ink pasta with rock shrimp, the seafood tower and of course the porterhouse and the hangar steak. The desserts were excellent, as was the wine list and choice of digestif. We were 7 people and everyone enjoyed the meal.Note: This review and the rating is for the pastries only. 
Knowing I love pastries, a friend of mine recommended that I grab a few pastries for morning coffee on our way up to Cira Greene Rooftop park. I am glad that recommendation was made because all of the pastries especially the cinnamon rolls are delicious with amazing texture and filling that makes you want to have another. Having had a cinnamon roll from here, I run away from other cinnamon rolls. By the end of the morning, the pastries tend to sell out if that gives you an idea. I might take a chance at brunch sometime soon and will update my review but for now I think I will stick with the pastries!Beautiful ambiance. 
All of the appetizers are fantastic - we have the butternut squash soup, flatbread, scallops, salad. The porterhouse entree is really outstanding and the flounder is a hearty portion that is beautifully prepared. The pot de creme was our favorite dessert.
Service is a bit uneven as it took a long time to get our drink orders.Made reservations for 6 ppl for Sun brunch.  Very elegant place and there was even live jazz music which started around 11am.  French toast, my breakfast biscuit sandwich, black scrapple, etc. were all great.  I liked the assortment on the menu, which incl oyster bar, cold-pressed juices, pastries & regular hot breakfast items.  I would have to say the pastries were small compared to what I expected but the chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amann was a hit with my boys.  The hot coffee from Rival Bros. was really VERY good.  I really enjoyed sitting there with a good cup of coffee, conversation & the live music.  We kept remarking on the wonderful interior design of the space.  I really felt like stepping into a 5 star hotel bar/restaurant but the brunch prices were not ridiculously expensive.  Very cute date place too.Cool menu, great service, beautiful space, creative wine list and live jaz for Sunday brunch.Outstanding addition to Philadelphia dining scene. We had such a great dinner we ended up going back for brunch the next day and we were not disappointed. Go for the kouign amann alone but don't forget to order the benedict. The bloody recipe was spot on. Try everything on the dinner menu and have @kait_caruke help pick some amazing pairings.So...wow!   Started with Lemon Ricotta.  Citrusy and creamy on grainy bread.  Excellent.  Lasagna different from any other with Citrus Cream and Veal Ragout.  Then Chicken Marsala never before seen.  Side carrots and beets  perfectly done.  Dessert Apple Slab and Ice Cream Sandwich were fresh and homemade.  Perfect wine pairing with Pinot Grigio    As for the staff, the friendliest and most helpful I've come across.  Kudos to Tim and Jacob.I have not been able to stop singing praises of this place since I've tried it recently!!! Starting from the warm, friendly service to the beautiful retro/industrial interior to the delectable bites of every dish... We came for a friend's birthday this year for dinner and not one person left unsatisfied. There was even a sommelier to help us choose our wine for the meal :) 
We ordered the ricotta lemon toast, the flatbread with littleneck clams, the pan roasted scallops, the hamburger, and the flounder... They were all well-balanced and perfectly seasoned. The house made bread so so good for the toast and the burger bun that I wanted to buy loaves from them before I left!
And please please don't skip dessert: the panna cotta, ice cream and pie... We didn't regret a single bite even though we were all very full! 
In all, I highly highly recommend this place and am looking forward to coming back for their brunch as well!We recently went here for brunch celebrating a special birthday.    The birthday person, celebrating her milestone, liked it so much when we went in October, that she decided to return.   Certainly a downhill spire since our first visit.  While our server was very nice--in fact she was the highlight of our visit--she had too many tables and it was difficult for her to follow up with us.  Food was fair at best--not one of 9 people had anything nice to say.  Both people who order the pasta only ate half--it was so peppery; sausage and home fries were terrible;  burger ordered med well, and it was rare--not med rare, plain rare--I guess they didn't see that when they cut it half before bringing it to the table; coffee was very weak.  Oatmeal and pastries were good.  4 people ordered ice cream for dessert--3 came and the 4th person was served when we were almost finished our ice cream.  When I sent management a note about how terrible it was, I was given an apology and asked to give them a second chance and to call them so they could help us get a reservation.  The way they are going, reservations will be very easy to come by.  Get a new chef then ask me to try them again.  In speaking with several others, this is the same complaint--great a few months ago, terrible now.**UPDATE**
I was able to try the brunch here recently and it absolutely met my expectations for phenomenal service as well as tasty food options! I had the Brioche French Toast and it was one of the best french toasts I've ever had. That's saying something for someone who loves breakfast food at any time of the day :) It's so fluffy without an overwhelming egg flavor or a sweetness that overpowers the bread. I also had bites of my friends who ordered the Pork Belly Sandwich, the Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon and the Khachapuri and they were all delicious. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I also highly recommend their Kouign Amann ;) It's all buttery, sweet and flaky goodness.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Love the location (close to my office), love the design (the best restaurant design Philly 2017), love the food (very tasty), love the dishes (quite delightful).Just went here with my husband while mistiming our departure from Philadelphia via train. A quick 2 block walk from the train station, the restaurant feels a world apart while still making us weary travelers (complete with rolly suitcases) feel comfortable. The hostess even gave us stubs for our beat-up backpacks and then sat us in the spacious, airy, space. Our food was superb-homemade pastas (I had the brown butter ravioli and he had the rigatoni) and a lovely chicory salad to cleanse the palate. Amazing!This is a great new restaurant right over the bridge into University City. With a great location under the FMC tower it will definitely be busy. Although the service took a little more time than expected, they are still working out the kinks as the restaurant just opened 2 days ago. I started my meal off with a piece of focaccia bread and some amazing olive oil. Although it may be annoying that they only give one piece of bread out at a time it definitely helps for you to not ruin your meal. I then had one of the House made sodas. It was Turmeric and ginger. Great flavor! I then had my first course which was the black scrapple. That was great with the black rice that accompanied it. My next course was the Burger. I am not a fan of bacon but it went really well with the cheddar and onions. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a side. But at $14 for a burger you can't complain. Adding $6 for a side of which I chose carrots made basically a $20 burger which is to be expected of a restaurant of this category. I ended the meal with a delicious cinnamon bun which was made fresh just a little earlier in the day.(4.5 stars) This is an awesome addition to the area, especially considering that there aren't many great options around here. The food is awesome, and the menu isn't that pricey, but the dishes are a bit small so a meal on its own may not be filling enough. The restaurant is also beautiful and relaxing, with a surfeit of natural light entering from the walnut street windows. 
The burger was awesome: great meat and a fluffy bun. The French fries were light and not greasy at all, though I wish they had a signature sauce they could offer with them. The side of carrots was wonderful, dressed beautifully in balsamic. And the gravlax was a super tasty albeit pricey lox appetizer.Wonderful food service and ambiance.  We had Brussel sprouts, flounder, squid, lobster and ricotta.  Sorbet for dessert.   All wonderful.  No bargains here and small portions but everything prepared and presented beautifully.Made a reservation for breakfast for three of us. Unnecessary, as only the cafe is open that early, so we had to squeeze into a tiny corner table. Lovely space: feels very modern, elegant  European. Food that we had was very good. However, I ordered a ham and cheese croissant, had to remind server about it, as it didn't arrive with rest of order. Manager sheepishly came over about 5 minutes later to tell me that they had burned it beyond recognition (his words, not mine) and it was the last one. I took a regular croissant in its place, but by the time it came, didn't really want it, so asked for a bag.  It came back in a LARGE box. As I was heading to airport with no space to spare, I just gave it back to them. It was still on the bill, which we paid.
Service, while well meaning and friendly, was haphazard and pretty slow (place was not busy). 
I'll certainly try again (not breakfast though)...hopefully they'll work out the kinks.This review is for happy hour only.  Place got super packed during the dinner hours, so maybe I'd come back for that, since everything looks and smells delicious.  For ambiance alone, this place is a 5.  Drink specials are a 3.  Service was minimally invasive.  So, a 4.
Seriously cute, trendy spot tucked in half the lobby of the FMC Tower.  Very airy and bright with killer sunset views, gorgeous white decor and rustic/chic fixtures.   And, of course, those floor to ceiling angular windows.  The kind of place that makes me feel how happy hours at the ripe age of 30 are supposed to be, if that's a good thing?  Like out of a movie.  Basically, it's classy AF.  There were no TVs in there (that I could see) for the Villanova game, and that was a good thing when my purpose was to talk at a nice volume while seated.  Bathrooms are post-modern.  Gotta love it.
Happy hour specials were just 'aight tho.  Nothing really stood out to me and I ended up just ordering off the regular drink menu.  I've had better, but maybe it's good to have a few places that aren't all about getting drunk super fast for cheap.  Overall, decent selection I'd say.  I got a delicious dry Kurant cider (first place I've seen offer these!) and my friend got an Irish coffee, which he said was very tasty.
A little disappointed in the size of the bar itself.  Based on the pictures, I originally thought the kitchen/breakfast bar-looking area was the actual bar, but upon arriving, I realized it's just this tiny little thing tucked away on the one end - maybe 6 seats max?  We sat at an adorable little bistro table in the bar area, but I imagine if we came even 5 minutes later than 5:15, we would've been sat in the restaurant area that was already crowding up.
Checks come out with a walnut on top to serve as a paper weight.  Bougie, but make it fashion.  I like their style.  Our server was there when we needed, yet let us chat for a while without intruding.
I'd be back to try some grub and for those nice magic hour views.very unprofessional services and bad at internal communication. Disorganized and just overall not a good place to eat.Fantastic.
Really just exceptional.
Décor- check. 
Helpful wait staff? You bet.
High Quality meal at quite fair prices? Double Check,
Bonus! Sunday brunch had great live Jazz which started at 12:00.
Our brunch experience was such a pleasant surprise- Despite our relatively low tab, the wait staff treated us like royalty- and each seemed genuinely proud of this fine looking, well thought out restaurant.
Special Kudos go to our main server (listed as Gabriel E) as well as Tim and Colleen who each made us feel more than welcome. 
TIP- Since the baked goods and pastries are amazing(apparently made on site) you'll want more than one. Walk 'em off with a great stroll in the recently expanded Penn Park, Everyone goes to Schuylkill banks- but exploring Penn Park can be your little slice of pastry calorie burning heaven.
Thanks again Walnut Street Cafe- Your name may be unassuming, but the experience you provided  was without compare.This should be a 5 star review. But it isn't . I was running late and called to let them know. They were very accommodating and moved my reservation back a half hour. So I arrive 15 minuets before the reservation, to an empty restaurant. I was told I needed to wait in the cafe. Ok so I wait. I have an  ice coffee. Very week. I'm a master at cold brew. 10 mins later they seat us. The restaurant is stunning. Maybe the best space in the city. The views are Meh. Sorry but West Philly train tracks....  amazing bread and free sparking water. Looking excellent. We order. 2 apps. 1 side. 1 entree . Told the server she could bring them out in any order. We were sharing. Here was the big issue. All the food arrived ten minutes later. All at the same time. So what do I eat? The cold ? The hot? First the food was great . The black scrapple was beautiful and excellent but would be better for breakfast. The Wedge salad was a unique twist in presentation and it was stunning and all the ingredients were first rate but I don't like dill and it was in the dressing and not listed on the menu. Salt roasted beets were great served with shaved pears and watercress. The best item was the tempura Porgy . Fish and chips. Wow and double wow. Perfect crisp fresh fish and perfect fries. Friend got the Apple desert . The meal was very reasonable for the quality. We were in and out in less then an hour. I was not in a hurry. I just don't get it. And the restaurant never filled up. So how do I rate this? I loved it and was simultaneously disappointed.Good food and good service. The place is modern, clean and airy. Parking is metered outside on Walnut street. Very spacious ambience. 
All made with fresh ingredients and cooked or baked in house. Brunch was yummy. My made a special addition of salmon to my 2 poached eggs and toast. The cinnamon bun is to die for. Get one. You will thank me later. Rival Brothers coffee is the selection here. Excellent choice.
I did come here the very next week for my birthday dinner. Seafood tier was great. Fresh and tasty. Squid Ink pasta had a little kick to it but it was so good. Desserts were delicious. I did not know how they knew it was my birthday but thank You! It was excellent and I was super happy. My friend Ramon most likely made it happen. Thank you friend!
Walnut Street Cafe is one of the best additions to the Philly food scene. I can not wait to come back and try more menu items.All the pastries I've tried so far have been amazing, especially the pistachio cherry croissant.
Their coffee (rival bros) is also really good and smooth. The baristas definitely know what they're doing.
In terms of entrees, I've tried the salmon egg benedict and the kachapuri so far. I recommend the salmon egg benedict -- it's not made with your typical English muffin and instead it comes with this really soft bread and it's really good. I found the Kachapuri a bit salty.
Everyone on staff is super friendly and helpful. It does get busy so make a reservation if you can!- TIP:  Don't go out of your way to check them out for happy hour.  Their bar is tiny.
- CON: Stopped by for a late afternoon drink. Restaurant was empty, but the tiny bar had no open seats.  The host just said "there's nothing we can offer you".  That's completely understandable if they were full. But they were not (and they weren't booked either -- we checked)
- BOTTOM LINE: They think they're more important than they really are.A good addition to the restaurant scene in University City. We went for brunch on Saturday the first week the restaurant opened. We got a couple of pastries to start. The Kouign Amann and the Chocolate Babka were both excellent. My favorites of the day! For our main courses, we ordered the Scrapple and Salmon Benedict. Both were quite good. A little bit on the smaller side comparing to brunch from other restaurants. Our waitress was attentive throughout the meal. There were still some service kinks they should work on. I will definitely come back to try dinner here.Decent, the atmosphere is nice. 
Nice touch giving us a real walnut. Which I took home smashed and ate LOLBeautiful restaurant overlooking the Walnut St Bridge especially if you sit upstairs.  Food was excellent.  Had the foie grad tart which was a special and it was special!!  The pork loin was super tender and the hanger steak was superb.  The baked Alaska was pretty and delicious.  Had a wonderful time.Enjoyed an excellent meal with three academic colleagues after a talk.  We enjoyed good local craft beer on tap and in bottles, and found the wine list good but simply not for us after an effervescent lecture.  The staff were courteous and interesting, presenting themselves in lively and postmodern style, which helped make the meal even more interesting.   There was a great effort to accommodate a vegetarian in the group. though I enjoyed the pork loin (done to perfection, moist and tasty) after we shared appetizers (Brussels Sprouts and beets, shishito peppers and other morsels).  We also indulged in desserts, including a delicious ice cream sandwich on a perfect Zen circle of chocolate.  And the oolong tea to top it off was great too.Highly recommend this restaurant because of the amazing attentive service and creative new American cuisine.
The interior space is gorgeous and provides amazing sunset views of the city.
Also it's not noisy and easy to have conversation unlike many other restaurants in the city
I felt very welcome and taken care of from the moment I walked into this place.
I have not experienced this at any other restaurant in the city
Definitely going back to try lunch and also their Sunday brunch.So this is the thing.  I come here often for morning coffee.  That sometimes goes ok.  But over and over and over again (i keep coming b/c it's the only place by my job) they have 6-8 people behind the bar and NO ONE takes your order.  They are all tending to little side jobs, or simply have ZERO fire under them to take orders and keep it moving.  Michael is the exception, always on top of it.  PLEASE HIRE SOME BETTER STAFF.  I am a former restaurant owner, so i hesitate to give bad feedback to a new restaurant.  However, it's been open long enough to work out these kinks.  I won't visit anymore unless I'm in a major crunch, b/c today I stood there like an idiot for ten minutes, then finally left.  They have so many staffers greeting you warmly when you enter at the door and from there it goes downhill.Went just for happy hour. Loved the concept of the rotating Citywide Special and enjoyed the Bitburger/Underberg Thursday German offering. First drink was handled fine. When my spouse arrived and I went back to the bar to order again was when the problems started. Part of the problem appears to be that the bar is too small, so the three people working behind it had trouble getting what they needed. So service was extremely slow. Anyway, finally got two drinks set up on the bar to take outside. But I had to ask for a glass for the can of beer and a glass for the Underberg shot--things that had been provided by the same bartender with my first order. At that point I had 5 things on the bar--can, beer glass, mini-bottle, glass for the Underberg, and a Negroni (delicious by the way and on the list of $5 drinks)--but clearly only two hands. So I asked if I could borrow a tray. At that point the bartender, who had brought my first drink to me inside, which is why I thought that's how it worked, said she could bring them out. OK. Until several minutes later we realized she had poured and brought out the glass of beer but not the can, which held the last 25% of the drink. When we went in to retrieve it, another bartender said, "Oh, it was sitting on the bar for a while and then I recycled it." Points for earth-friendliness, I guess.
So, overall: The bar scene is lively, the inside space is attractive, the outside space is nice, the drinks are good, and the happy hour prices are amazingly low. The two happy hour snacks we ordered (sausage rolls--great; pretzel pieces with beer cheese--just decent) were fairly priced and promptly delivered to our outside table. But they haven't figured out how to run the bar yet. I hope they do. I want to love this place but so far they've made that difficult.It's a new brunch spot ideal for big friend groups or taking out-of-town friends. The decor is very well put together. It's like retro futuristic. The ceiling is super high and there's an outdoor seating area. 
The brunch pricing isn't that pricy despite the decor as everything was under $15 (except for steak and eggs for $19). 
Some creative items like black scrapple and some classics like eggs benedict.
I'm not the biggest advocate for philly culinary traditions such as the scrapple but! I must say that the black scrapple served with an fried egg and black rice and toasted hazelnut was my favorite dish out of 4 we ordered. It was something I've never had before and probably would go back for it. 
Carbonara was the egg yolky kind, not the creamy alfredo type. Portion was rather small as I was invading my friends' dishes after I was done with mine. Probably nothing to write home about but I was just craving yolky carbonara (could use some more coarse pepper!). 
Pork belly sandwich is pretty much what you want from a good sandwich. Soft toasted brioche buns, crispy outside and soft inside thick cuts of pork belly, refreshing cole slaw adding crunch. Also served with great fries! 
The khachuri was basically a giant open face panini. The bread is what takes the classic ham and cheese combo to the next level. It is reminiscent of auntie anne's cheese pretzel dogs' shells. It's crispy on the outside with savoriness of cheese permeating through the dough. 
They also have take out coffee counter inside by the bar. They use rival bros beans. 
The servers are quite attentive and friendly! 
Also dogs are allowed in the patio, just not inside. 
Overall, a solid brunch spot! Check out the black scrapple!Loved the chilled zucchini soup with fried squash blossom. The bread and olive oil were delicious. The other dishes I've tried have been good as well (lemon ricotta toast, pork toast, desserts), but the soup's still my favorite.Had dinner at the Walnut Street Cafe for the first time on Saturday night. The space is lovely and service was professional (with one possible exception, to be noted here later). The food was creative and quite tasty, though a bit pricey for the rather small portion sizes that did not include any sides. Butternut squash soup was delicious, as were our entrees: hangar steak, black bass and chicken Marsala. Extra sides of squash and mushrooms were quite good as well. Prices for wine by the glass were rather high. Service was not rushed, and we declined coffee and dessert -- so we were somewhat surprised when, just after paying the bill, a server (not our own) came over to our table, interrupted our conversation and asked us to vacate so another party could be seated. We were in fact about to do so anyhow, but we had not even been sitting there a full two hours. (What if we'd ordered dessert?!) She added that we could sit at the bar and have drinks (apparently at our own expense) if we wanted (we didn't). Up until then we'd had a pleasant dining experience, but that diminished it, and just cost them a star in this review. I don't think two hours is an unreasonable amount of time to expect for a Saturday night dinner at an upscale restaurant, especially when it cost over $120 per couple for not a whole lot of food & drink.Phenomenal. Sat as the chef's counter, which was perfect for a solo lunch. The cooks and chef were chatty, made recommendations on the menu (Zucchini Soup - I don't even like Zucchini and I'm dreaming about it) Server was incredibly attentive, friendly and knowledgable and when she didn't know something (a wine pairing recommendation) she was quick to bring over the sommelier who was able to make a recommendation. I can't wait to go back to try more of the menu items.Great bread, excellent ravioli, good chicken. Beets meh. Great friendly wait staff. If a bit overeager. 
Desserts: huge portions cherry pie and panna cotta both outstanding. 
We are good snobs from San Francisco. This place gets the west coast thumbs up!!Stellar ambiance. Less than stellar experience. While the food and service was good, I think the whole package was a let down. WSC is the new kid in town with some Michelin stars. I expected a little more from the menu. The wine was too sweet (and I was THAT customer to kindly tell them... the waiter removed it from the bill... not a big deal, but I was looking forward to a nice, full red wine). The appetizers were a bit on the small side, although delicious. I got the ricotta ravioli. The pasta itself was not al dente - a little on the firm side. However, the brown butter sauce was tasty and the ricotta filling was tasty. We ordered a few veggie side dishes. The mushrooms were meaty and the carrots were glazed well. The dessert was DIVINE. I do not recommend ordering the chocolate pot de creme and the apple slab pie together. The flavors do not mesh well, BUT that was a mistake on our part! Overall, dessert was delivered. Regarding the service, the waitstaff was timely and jovial. The meal was served quickly. Overall, enjoyable experience. I would go back again. But I would certainly do it differently. I think only for brunch.The food was great! My steak was cooked to perfection. However, the service SUCKED. I ordered coffee but had to wait forever for a re-fill. The waitress that took our drink order basically forgot about us. Another waiter came up when he saw our upset faces and took our food order. After that no one really checked on us. Oh yeah they re-filled our water glasses and cleared our plates, but no smile, no words, barely made eye contact. I'll never go back.I came here for dinner and brunch. I'd give 5 stars for the food and 3 stars for the service. 
For dinner, I love their lasagna with veal and trumpet mushrooms and the Hanger steak that's perfectly cooked medium rare. Out of the three desserts that I ordered (ice cream sandwich, ice cream with Kouign Amann and buttermilk chocolate hazelnut Panna cotta with coffee ice cream), my favorite is the chocolate hazelnut Panna cotta.
I came here for brunch especially to try their Khachapuri and delighted to have their Khachapuri with ham, feta cheese and egg. The bread is soft and savory, but I'd love to have more cheese on it. I truly enjoyed the Carbonara with smoked pancetta, pecorino and beech mushrooms. The pasta is perfectly cooked al dente. 
I also love their chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amman and pistachio cherry croissants.Painful. Went for brunch and were excited to try it since it seemed like a cool location. Seated in a two top in the area near the bar and slowly a band began to set up and we found ourselves squished between the band setting up and the folks at the bar. It took a long time to get served and never even got a place setting until after our food arrived. But the real oddity was the food which wasn't accurate. We ordered the oatmeal with berries which came out as oatmeal with a side of raisins. We questioned this since the menu clearly said 'berries' and were told that these were berries because there were a few dried cherries in with the raisins. huh? (fact check: Neither dried cherries or raisins are berries). So we asked about it and the staff challenged this (saying that dried cherries were berries!) and offered a side of berries that we would have to pay for. Eventually a comped set of berries arrived. A woman sitting at the bar had an argument with the hostess about something - not sure what - but it appeared they had been forgotten while waiting for a table. (I believe it.) There are so many better places to brunch.Very disappointed in every aspect. Food. Service. Atmosphere. Pricing. 
I went after read positive review. I honestly cannot figure out the review after my experience.This was our first time here and we had an absolutely wonderful experience! Its such a cozy place and the decor is fresh and unique! Our waitress was Cornelia, hands down one of the best services we've ever experienced. She was so pleasant, cheerful, attentive, and great at her job! Our favorite items off the menu were the Khachapuri and Chocolate Hazelnut pot de creme! A must if you are here for brunch! Overall great brunch and will surely be back!Disappointing. Waiter was uninterested & inattentive.
Woman manager did her best to fill in waiter gaps.
Food -very mediocre.
Not returning.extremely small portions of food for the price we were paying. Service was not exceptional in any way. I only gave them another star because the decor was okay. If you want expensive, mediocre, and small portioned food, along with extravagant interior design, then this place is for youHave had some of the best meals in my life at the new WSC!  A must dine spot in Phila!