I've lived in a lot of neighborhoods, and had a lot of "locals," over the years. Don't tell my old locals, but Watkin's is the best neighborhood pub I've ever had. John and Tara and Mike and Danielle are amazing. They are always coming up with special seasonal treats (cider in the winter, limoncello in the summer). My friends and I are there almost two days a week. Check out the upstairs game room, with its old school Pacman game. The menu changes each season. I strongly advocate for the return of the Garden of Eden salad next summer. Until then I'll make it through with the rotating Grilled Cheeses, all of which are awesome.
See you there!staff were kind but the elk meat was very tough and the pheasant sausage was kinda bland
the watermelon ale on draft was lovelyUpdate!
I like this place.  I really do.  Like I said earlier, it's a simple neighborhood bar and I finally got to check out some of their food.
We ordered the stuffed portobello braciole and the duck confit sandwich.  I declare the SPB to be the winner of the two dishes.  My friend described its flavor as a "campfire in her mouth"  Everything about that dish was nicely prepared and it had a ton of great flavor, albeit somewhat messy.
I didn't love the duck.  I really wanted to.  I did love the goat cheese and cranberry chutney.  The way the duck was cooked and the portion was what put me off.  I found the duck itself to be dry and it didn't really stand up to the big brioche bun it was on.  It definitely got lost in all that bread.
The service was excellent.  Our waitress was sweet, attentive and had a really great personality and sense of humor.  I detect a lot of honesty in this place and that's what I like to see in a neighborhood spot.
Cheers Watkins.  You got me.The staff and owner here are the reason why I gave this place 4 stars. Their beer selection is also pretty on point. Their food, however, is another story.
The kitchen lacks consistency. I've had some really great meals here, and I've had some pretty disappointing ones. With the beer selection and the great staff, I keep coming back, but if the disappointments continue to outweigh the good stuff, then I'm afraid I'll need to find a new spot.A good friend turned me on to this bar, I am not a local bar fan, but this place is amazing, the food competes with anything in center city, and beer selection is great. And just a nice group of people.Finally, after living a block away from the long-vacant Bella Rose bar, its former location is home to a spiffy new gastropub, the aptly named Watkins Drinkery. 
On the most recent Tuesday afternoon, my also-soon-to-be-married buds and I made plans to land at the Drinkery at about 8 pm to see what it is all about. 
Walking in, there is a different feeling than most of the recent gatropubs which have opened in the suddenly hip East Passyunk neighborhood we call home. The walls are wood paneled. That bears repeating- the walls are wood paneled. This lends itself to a non-pretentious feel, but I must admit that it also made me suspicious: Could a bar with wood-paneling actually satisfy?
We started off with the Venison nachos. Portion size, it is a perfect appetizer for 3. Pretty simple dish: fresh nachos piled high with salsa, Venison, queso cheese & very fresh tasting guacamole. Simple and effective. I really enjoyed this. 
For my entree, I had the 1/3 lb burger. Now, I'm not one to question anyone else's integrity, but if that was a third of a pound then I am next in line to be the Pope. It was pretty small. Quite tasty though. Still, it lacked character. 
The fries were damn good. The sauce with which they are served actually stands out from the litany of fry-sauces other places serve. It's distinct flavor is difficult to describe- dill maybe? Cucumber? Its light and addictive. The best part of the meal were the fries and their accompaniment. 
Lastly-and what a bum way to end a satisfying meal- we ordered the alligator lollipops. Though I had heard that they terrible, the waitress assured us that it's a "new recipe." Fair enough. 
My God- this dish was simply disgusting. Inedible even. There was a sort of fruity, bright orange mango-ish (?!) glaze on bite-size alligator pieces served on sticks. The meat itself was the chewiest, foul-tasting game I oculd imagine. And I have had alligator before. It wasnt this bad. We couldn't help but wonder: If this is the new recipe, how bad was the old one?!
Overall, The Watkins Drinkery has promise. I didn't mention the drafts, but they were tasty. They had the obligatory standbys (Kenzinger, Yuengling) and a large selection of other drinks. The food was good, if slightly off-kilter. Hey, gotta love bold (if misguided) innovation. I just wish a little more liberty was taken with the burger. And, of course, I wish I never tasted those alligator lollipops. 
I plan on returning here in a few weeks for an update. This spot has a lot of promise.Great place had the Jamaican jerk pork sandwich it was really good. Pork was a little try but the sauce and pineapple relish made it great. My buddy had the burger and added the bacon jam to it. He pretty much came on the spot and couldn't stop raving about it. Both came with super crispy shoestrings fries and some kind of awesome aioli. Good beers on draft and in bottles. Will definitely be back.Favorite neighborhood bar so far. There's a ridic happy hour every day where you get great drafts for less than $3,  & Thera always room at the bar . There's an interesting menu with daily specials. And there's mike,  the bartender, whom I adore with his constant smile & friendly conversation. If you come in an off mood,  he'll bring your mood up before your ass his the bar stool,  & he'll remember you the next time you come. With conversation flowing across the bar your sure to make the acquaintance of your fellow drinkers. Also, I happen to appreciate that there is a science channel on the TV (usually). Nothing like catching a buzz & learning how motorcycle helmets are made. With plenty of bars with great beer, the ones that will bring me back are the ones I could go to alone & still have a great time.My boyfriend and I went to Watkins, on the suggestion of a friend, this past Monday night.  The waitress was attentive and witty the entire night, helping us make wonderful food and beer choices.  We had the citrus ginger cauliflower special and were amazed at how delicious it was!  I ordered the vegan turkey sandwich and he got the fish and chips.  Wonderful food for a very reasonable price!
Also, they were playing the science channel on the bar TVs.  A welcome change from non-local sports games that most bars play between Philly games.I'm almost afraid to make this review about Watkins Drinkery because I feel like I'm giving up a wonderful secret!  
We stumbled down to this place after hitting up our usual favorites on East Passyunk Ave that were all completely filled.  This place was rather full, but luckily there was one table getting up and we pounced.  The place has a homey pub feel with a juke box, TV's, deer heads, the usual.
We split the Antelope nachos which were pretty good!  I don't think I had antelope before and I think this was an interesting way to try.  I also had the burger and it was pretty darn delicious!  Everything was washed down nicely with good beers, both on tap and in bottles.  They don't have many drafts but they had a good variety.  They also have great specials that are on the chalk board, check them out!    We once got a wonderful funnel cake dessert off that menu.
This has been my go-to place when Passyunk has gotten a bit full.  Definitely a nice, little spot to watch a game and make some new friends.A friend recommended this place to me and it was one of the best recommendations I've had in a while. 
The menu has something for everyone. The adventurous - kangaroo chili. The vegans - roasted vegetable salad. The drinkers - TONS of beer and hot spiked cider. Oh, and the British loving- a perfect Scotch egg. 
I've been here 3 times in about 3 weeks because I love it that much. It's not fancy and doesn't take itself too seriously. Good food, good booze and a great waitstaff that puts up with our drunk anatomy discussions at the bar. What more can you ask for?I am really into this place. It is run by the same people as The Dive except Watkin's has a ton of game selection to eat including venison nachos, sweetbreads, and alligator sausage. The beer list is excellentand changes often. 
I had a lamb burger that wasn't the best thing I ever ate but the atmosphere and beer list completely made up for it. I didn't delve into sweetbreads but others at my table did and very much enjoyed it. Even though there is lots (and lots) of meat on the menu, there are still good options for vegetarians 
Our server was extremely knowledgable about the beer and food. We sat for over 3 hours and she was a pleasure the whole time. The atmosphere is perfect - not too hipster but not too old-manish either. It is nice and chill and easy to sit for a long time. And what's not to love about a place that has happy hour on the weekend?I gotta say I loved it!   Went there last night with a friend who lives in the neighborhood and another buddy.  Was impressed by the ambiance.  Finally a pub that isn't overlit or looks like more was spent on interior design than working on the food..
I wasn't sure what I wanted because the menu all looked good.  It all came down to the Sheppard's Pie or the Fish and Chips.  Fish and Chips won out but my friend got it and I tried it.  Delicious, real potatoes (not out of a damn box) and not oversalted like many do.
The fish and chips were amazing!  Not too overbattered and much more fish than most in this city make.  Obviously, someone in the back knew what they were doing and the aioli that it was paired with I could've eaten a bucket of it.
Tried a wonderful dark ale with a crispy chocolate backnote.  Thank God, there wasn't a national brand of crap on the taps.  All were different and unique.
The server we had was fun and knew her stuff.
Only thing that didn't get the 5th star was the food was dragging for a long while but the company and the conversations we were having didn't make it seem as long as it was.If you're looking for an out of the way gem, look no further than Watkin's Drinkery. I live not too far away and this place has become a home away from home.
This small gastropub is in the up and coming East Passyunk Crossing neighborhood and only a few blocks from the main Passyunk drag. The whole place is cozy, with wood-lined walls, a good sized bar, hi-tops and regular tables to sit and eat, and an upstairs with arcade games and a pool table. The bartenders and staff are all super-friendly, as are the local regulars who hold court at the bar. You will feel instantly welcomed. 
They have a small but nice draft selection. The menu changes with the seasons, and there's always something off the beaten path to try. Wild board sliders? Check. Ostrich tacos? Check. And many other delicious options for smaller and larger appetites. And everything is super affordable.
Bring friends and plan on staying all night until closing.Last night I meandered my way into Watkins Drinkery, located on the corner of South 10th and Watkins Streets.  The place is fairly new, although I am unsure how new.  Given that it was a Saturday night the place had a decent crowd, but certainly wasn't packed.  Watkins Drinkery was larger inside than it looks from the outside and had a nice visual appeal.  There was medium sized straight bar as well as several seating options.  I did not partake in any food on this trip, but did take a look at the menu.  The menu was small and seemed to offer only exotic items like wild game chili and alligator sausage.  The beer menu was not terrific.  They offered 6 beers on draft, 28 bottles, and 6 big bottles.  Having never been there, I shouldn't have had expectations, but I was expecting a larger beer list.  While I was there I enjoyed a few beers and found the atmosphere to be adequate.  I had the pleasure of sampling a Founders Red Rye Ale as well as a Lancaster Brewing Company's Gold Star Pilsner.  The bartender was speedy and attendant.  Overall my experience was fair to good and I might try to get back during happy hour some time.
P.S. If you are planning on watching a sporting event, this isn't the place.  They had 3 flat screens showing syfy channel and B movies during the NCAA basketball tournament.Beer: one of the best happy hours in South Philly with half priced drafts from 5-7. Draft list rotates and seems to always include something for everyone 
Food: The menu changes seasonally and is always phenomenal. The current menu includes alpaca empanadas, Cuban lamb sandwich... both to die for. I have also tried bison, boar, kangaroo, rabbit and duck. For the less adventurous, they have a few non-rotating staples that are great such as the Watkins burger and grilled cheese. 
Service is usually quick and staff is very friendly. Great atmosphere.I've been to Watkins Drinkery a handful of times- all pleasant experiences.  This past weekend they earned a soft spot in my heart.
My husband and I wanted to stop in for a bite to eat with our two kids, 11 and 4.  Not certain how child friendly Watkins would be, my husband scouted out the scene, found a table for us, and waved us in.  We ordered a couple delicious hot spiked ciders, octopus, burger, grilled cheese, and vegan seitan kabobs.  Everything was delicious.  I'm still thinking about my burger.  My 11 year old is an octopus snob (it's his favorite food)- he all but licked his plate clean.
But what made fall in love with them?  They turned to a G-rated movie on the tv.  Thank you friendly bartender:)  It's those little things that matter!Updating my review from the first time I checked them out 5 months ago. Watkins is now my favorite bar in Philly, and we go reguarly. All of the food is always delicious all the time forever. Short but always perfect draft list. The best staff. Laid back, friendly.$5 drafts all day. A menu that rotates and is fresh and amazing. Coming from a foodie, this neighborhood bar is a great go-to if you live in or are near south Philly. You can't ask for much more. 
OH-- GET THE SCOTCH EGG. It's their specialty.I should start by saying I'm intimidated by the menu.  I don't eat, or want to try most of the offbeat meats they offer.  
But the burgers, both the bison and the beef, are fantastic (on awesome brioche).  The fries are perfectly crispy and come with some awesome (but super-rich) sauce.  The grilled cheese of the week is always exciting and the BLT is exactly how you want a BLT.  Crispy bacon, cool lettuce on well toasted bread. 
It's warm and friendly inside, and the upstairs game room is a bit cramped but a fun little find.  
I'd like to see a vegetable on the menu, and I'm sad that the burgers are gone for winter, but looking forward to the spring.Great selection of beers, outside seating, very neighborhood feeling and friendly service. They have daily food specials which are hit or miss. A friend had the armadillo sausage which was dry, I had the chorizo which was great. When in doubt, pierogies are great, sautéed in onions and browned with butter as well as there shoestring crispy FF, seasoned with salt and pepper and served with a horsey ranch sauce.Man what is there not to love about this place... ok there are a few things but lets focus on the awesome things first!
Jon and Kate. (not the people with the 8 kids) The best bar tender and server in the hood as far as I'm concerned. Warm, friendly and accommodating. Good people all around. 
7 days a week this joint has happy hour! 7 goddamn days a week I can walk in and get beer for $3.50I've been to Watkins twice now, once for drinks and once for dinner. Both times were enjoyable!
The beer lists is quite good. I had a Mad Elf on my first visit and, frankly, Watkins probably earned 2 stars right there. I had a Jameson and ginger ale on my second visit. It was kind of big and had a little too much booze in it, but I guess I got my money's worth.
The food is pretty good. I had the burger - brussels sprouts on top were a nice touch, but it probably would have benefitted from some kind of sauce. My girlfriend had the ostrich cheesesteak, which was really good.
The decor is very warm and welcoming. Wood paneling might not be chic, but it's cozy for sure. I hear there's a badass game room upstairs. I haven't been up there, but I have a feeling that that will eventually add the final star to this review.Amazing beer selection paired with an extremely interesting food menu ON TOP of a great staff makes this place one of my favorites. I could seriously go every night. 
The Scotch Eggs are fabulous!Don't be fooled by the nondescript exterior and the dated interior, this place is fantastic. Their menu is constantly changing, with creative dishes featuring rarely-seen meats, which are always delicious. I've had pheasant tacos, wild boar ragu, and a kangaroo Montepulciano sandwich here in the past, just to name a few things. The service is always super friendly, and the drinks are strong. Watkins is one of my favorite places to go in South Philly for a good drink and a hearty meal. You won't be disappointed.Friendliest staff, best food! I can't say enough good things about this place. The staff is attentive and they remember me; everything (food- and drink-wise) is of highest quality but at reasonable prices. There's space to hang out or play pool and you can even go alone and have a wonderful time (which is my usual experience). Go here and nothing will disappoint you.Don't let the classification of this place fool you, avid meat lovers, this is by no means a vegan restaurant.
I thought I ended up in the wrong place when I started reading the menu. You wouldn't think a place that sells boar, venison and rabbit and has trophy heads mounted on the walls would have legit vegetarian options. But they do!
I ordered fried green tomatoes as an appetizer - the breading on the tomatoes was a little too thick for me, but it was good nonetheless.
For dinner I split the seitan plate with a friend. The seitan was rubbery but I actually enjoyed the texture; it also came with taboule salad and hummus which were both very flavorful and went really well with the pieces of pita. Food gets a thumbs up!
Service was on point as well. Prices aren't too bad considering what you get. Also, there's a juke box downstairs and a pool table upstairs. What more do you need for a fun night out with friends? Recommended if you're looking for adventurous menu options!I tried Watkins for the first time on Friday and the place was busy, with only two open tables and maybe two barstools. Our server/bartender was friendly and attentive. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the bar and was pleased to see that they actually have some decor going on in there with real photos on the walls! 
Being a vegetarian, I was completely put off by the menu even though I have no problem with other people eating meat. Unless you want a veggie burger there really isn't much to choose from. But! There is aligator, rabbit, ostrich and other things a vegetarian would never be interested in. Bleh!
I got a mixed vodka drink which was fine and standard so I will most likely return when I'm in the mood for beer and give it another shot.This is a solid little place in a fairly residential section of South Philadelphia.  It fits that vibe exactly.
Like other places I tend to frequent, you can check your bs at the door.  There is no call for it at Watkins.  What you will find however is a very laid back atmosphere that makes this place feel comfortable, even the first time you go in.
They have about 10 tables and a decent size bar.  I recall about 6 drafts and one engine.  The bartender, who was overly nice, will let me sample a few beers before making my decision.  As I sat there, The Crow, Blue Velvet and The Great Outdoors were on simultaneously.  Besides having 3 tvs, they were showing cool movies.  They also have a fridge with a healthy bottle selection.
I only had 2 or 3 beers here but I am certainly coming back.  The person next to me ordered the fish and chips and I saw a healthy portion of fish that looked perfectly fried (thick crispy shell, moist fish inside, not greasy).  I liked the feel of this place and I'm pretty sure I'm going to like the food too.Who *doesn't* want to make friends with that Wild Boar's Head wearing a Derby Hat on the wall? (Especially after you find out they serve wild boar mac n cheese!)
Our motley group arrived stuffed from dinner elsewhere, but popped into Watkins for a pint and really enjoyed ourselves. A small but respectable beer menu, which we learned from the bartender was rotating and changed regularly. From the Boar, to the starlight ceiling by the bar, to the chill people drinking nearby -- I'll definitely be back to try some of the awesome-sounding menu offerings and make friends with that 80s video game console upstairs!As Passyunk (EPX) regentrifies continuosly, Watkins Drinkery (in my opinion) is the most pleasant, walkable 2-block home-distraction as a resident near 12 & Moore.. great staff, service, atmosphere, cleanliness, seasonally-changing food menu & even-more-frequently changing beer on tap.. add the fact that Watkins Drinkery maintains its half-priced happy hour (5-7pm) tap beers EVERY day of the week, plus outdoor seating during the summer & year-round upstairs pool, vid-games & darts area (great for parties and gatherings - reservable i'm told) = a comfortable "neighborhood pub/tavern" that is consistent year after year! fyi: they cater to vegetarian & vegan foods, be prepared for some of the most unique meals, combinations, flavors & especially exotic rotating meats i've ever seen..Best french fries in South Philly. 
Great staff, wonderful ambiance, always a playful menu with vegan options. Sitting outside on a nice day during happy hour is a must.We have good friends that live less than a block from this neighborhood gem and we look forward to going here again with them soon. Our first trip was just for drinks but we couldn't help but order a side of fries after seeing a few plates leave the kitchen.  I'm not one for beer but my boyfriend was definitely pleased with the selection. I was stoked because they serve cupcake white wine which is my current drink of choice. We will be back for sure and it will definitely include dinner!If you're the type that has a hankerin for kangaroo, then hop on over to Watkins Drinkery. That's my opening blurb. Enjoy. 
Well, the first time I went to Watkins Drinkery, kangaroo nachos were on the menu, but none of my "pals" were willing to split em with me. So I passed... cause what am I gonna do? Have leftovers, have em boxed up just to tote em around with me the rest of the night? That would just lead to me pestering bar folk on our crawl, all,  "Guess what's in here. It's kangaroo."  I'd be making everyone's life a living hell. Enough about the roo. 
By the way, if Watkins Drinkery serves up moose, I am in...if only to drop quotes from the movie Arthur. (The original 1981 Arthur, obviously. Come on.)
So, let's get down to brass tacks: I like Watkins Drinkery for the consistently great beer list and for the friendly service and comfortable cozy vibe...The interesting and often changing menu is surely a draw to this neighborhood bar as well.
 I have enjoyed their wild boar preparations in sandwich form, be it BLT of boar belly or slow roasted and served on a hoagie roll with long hots. I appreciate you, you wild and crazy pig. 
Stuffed portobello braciole was tasty and vegan too. Good fries, I like their skinny, crispy fries as well. Venison nachos? Thumbs up. Totally enjoyable, and my table was fans of the pumpkin salsa. Seasonal!  Fun pals split weird nachos. Remember that.Really disappointed with this place. It had been hyped up to me as a place that specializes in serving game pubfare. Sounds like a decent twist on the well worn gastropub formula right? Nah. 
When I arrived, we had to wait for a table because they had pushed a few other tables together for a larger party who was clearly not large enough to warrant such a large table. This was only a minor inconvenience compared to what came next. 
I saw a charcuterie board on the menu which should have been a good introduction to what this place is all about. When it hit the table, we got zero explanation as to what was what. From what I could decipher, there was some type of flavorless alligator prosciutto, an ugly chilled fish blend (almost like a chilled brandade) which was also flavorless. Wish I could tell you what else was on there but none of it tasted very good anyway. 
Next up I went with the lamb dish served with flagolet beans and a sun dried tomato vinaigrette. Lamb was overcooked and tough, the mountain of beans piled over it consumed the dish and the vinaigrette was almost non existent. Very poorly executed. I ordered a glass of red wine to go with this (a cote du rhone i believe) and that tasted like it came from a bottle that had been opened days ago. 
Unless they really do some work on what's coming out of that kitchen there is no reason to go here.Love this place, definitely one of my favorites and you can't beat the happy hour beer prices!Great burgers.  Friendly service.  I like the vibe.  Simple, local drinking hole.  We will return again. Drafts are half price til 7pm m-f.I did not expect a place in south philly to have game meats on the menu.  I was very confused with the description of the falafel.  Usually falafel is a delicious vegetarian dish, however, this consisted of various meats along with the falafel.  Definitely different.  I thought the food was pretty subpar, nothing special at all about it.A few weekends ago my wife had her bridesmaids over for a chickfest which meant I needed to get out of the house. My little brother lives about a block away from this place (which I consider the deep South even though it's not really THAT deep) so when I gave him a ring and asked him if he wanted to grab a drink he recommended WD. 
McThrill really describes this spot perfectly, its like The Dive but for grownups. We went in and asked if we could sit outside, the bartender was super friendly and told us anything that's open is for the taking. Sitting outside kinda reminded me of the Henry James Saloon in Rox, I almost felt like we would get in trouble for open container or something. 
The waitress came by and gave us the beer menu but unfortunately half the beers we wanted were out. We actually settled on a hard root beer.It was good, very sweet basically just like soda. We had a few other things then went inside and grabbed some brews to go. All in all its a nice neighborhood spot, nothing too flashy but I'm sure it's reliable and I'd be happy to go back.I'd go with a 3 and a half for this place. I didn't get any food, but my friends did and they seemed to really enjoy it but I thought the menu was a little limited. a couple friends got the burger and they liked it a lot, they really enjoyed the brussel sprouts on it. I did steal some of their fries and they were pretty good, I think they were house cut and they were shoestring size. my other friend got the alpaca empanadas and he was pretty impressed, it was his first time eating alpaca. I've never had it either but it was the one thing on the menu I was thinkin of ordering. 
they had a decent beer selection, I think I went with a Lands Pale Ale, which was $4, a fair price in my opinion, it was $2 a bottle cheaper than the music venue I was at earlier in the night. The vibes were pretty cool, it was semi-divey, it wasn't dirty but it was worn in. They have an upstairs section where we hung out. There wasn't a bartender up there but a waitress kept coming up to serve us, and she was good, she was attentive and polite. there was also a pool table up there and a bar game station. 
I'm not from the area, but this place was just a couple blocks from my friend's place, and I would definitely come back if I'm in this area again.Great beer list, amazing food menu with some wild game options, and the staff is great and welcoming.  My boyfriend and I have been back here a few weekends in a row because it's just that good.  It's so refreshing to go to a place and get quality products and not have to worry about your rent payment.  Nothing I hate more than paying an arm and a leg for drinks and dinner and being underwhelmed, but thanks to Watkins Drinkery I never have to feel this way again.Go just go, ya know you're gonna love it. I did. Boy did this neighborhood NEED Watkin's Drinkery. A neighborhood, that  yelp doesn't recognize.*
Like Tardis, it's larger inside than you'd think. Well proportioned, clean, smoke free, inviting, well lit, friendly space in a South Philly location. 
Diverse and well chosen beer list that doesn't assume the world is full of beer snobs, but takes care of you if you are.
Solid simple menu that features game AND has good vegetarian options. Food was fresh, well prepared tasty and fairly priced. Specials actually were special, a Scotch egg or escargots on a recent visit.
Staff is young, good at their jobs, hip but not hipster douchebags. They are actually FRIENDLY! The bartender is a born host. He sets a warm tone for the entire place. The waiter was a relaxed pro and didn't provide the rushed service or mumbles so common elsewhere. 
If you want emo attitude, go to Sabrinas or Royal and leave this place for people who want beer and fun food in a friendly environment.
* If you have a minute, drop yelp a line and ask them to add SOUTH PHILADELPHIA to their extensive list of Philly neighborhoods. Bonus points is you ask them add Pennsport, Steakland and Passyunk EastQuintessential gastropub. Dark, small with an interesting menu and great beer. I had the beer battered fish and chips and my date had the braised bison with spinach and polenta. We scraped our plates clean. Because this place is small and so good (and the Flyers were on) the tables were definitely full by the time our food arrived. Although, it was never crazily packed and loud which was really really nice. If I lived in this area I would probably come here all the time just to eat and drink when I didn't feel like cooking. To me what pushes this place to five stars is that unlike other gastropubs it isn't trying too hard, and it really delivers on the food. The menu had such a surprising variety of meat choices like roasted elk and spanish poutine, but then had decent vegetarian options too like seitan dishes. I think for a small menu, to have 3-4 interesting vegetarian choices is pretty great. Solid performance.Best service. I used to live in the area and went here for the service (mike the bartender) now i drive from the burbs. Great happy hour, good music and overall a place where you feel at home. Go on sundays or mondays!Small interior but nice atmosphere with an inviting bar.  I agree they could have more on tap for a "drinkery."  The 6 tap selections were solid though and they had a lot on bottle.  I think the food choices with rare meats is a phenomenal twist.  Overall I really enjoyed trying the food.  The ostrich cheesesteak was tasty and less greasy (in a good way) than a normal cheesesteak.  The fries and dipping sauce are delicious.  I was a bit disappointed with the venison nachos.  I thought the venison was a bit dry when I tried them.  Similarly the alligator sausage was OK but left a bit to be desired on taste and was fairly chewy for a sandwich.  The most important fact to learn about this bar is that they do a Devil's Den style 1/2 off drafts, except they do it EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK including Saturday/Sunday.  This fact enough is sexy enough to bring me back, even if just to try a couple bits of food and a few beers before going elsewhere.  Though not everything was perfect, the concept is grand.  I look forward to trying it again.Staff here is friendly for a local "dive".  The whole place is welcoming and comfortable.  Nice pool table upstairs and plenty of great beer and good food available.The only bar I've ever been to that has refused to give paying patrons a glass of water when busy...? I'd recommend heading to fountain porter a few blocks over for a better customer service, the option to hydrate while you drink, and a great time.This place is phenomenal. As an out of towner looking for a place with good food and great beer, I couldn't have picked a better spot. John (the bartender and owner) is extremely sociable and doesn't mind answering any questions you may have about pretty much anything. Their beers on tap are some nice local choices, and it seems they change their selection often. I tried the scotch egg and fish & chips (aioli is a must if you don't like malt vinegar) and both were the bomb.  
One awesome thing about this place was the beer engine. It's basically a beer on tap that is prepared and served similarly to how they did so in the days before carbonation and refrigeration. I'm a bit of a beer snob, however, so if you're a typical American you may not like it.
When I arrived I was hesitant to talk to people at the bar because of my out-of-towner status, but when I left it felt like we were old friends. I implore you to check this place out if you're in the area.Watkin's is a great little neighborhood bar. There's a sign on the window explaining to the outdoor diners that this is a residential neighborhood and to mind your volume, which I found pretty charming. While the draft list is small, it offered enough variety for me. I had set my heart on a meal from their website and then found out that the menu had changed. My sister and I decided in the house made sausage sandwich and the teriyaki elk skewers, which were both delicious. 
The one complaint I have is about the bathrooms. For a slow night, the bathroom was smelling pretty urine soaked. A single room without stalls seems pretty easy to clean as far as scrubbing drunk pee goes. A little bleach would go a long way!I would give it 3.5 stars if it would let me. 
First, I am trying to make this my go-to bar spot if I want a drink. So far, this place is great! The bartenders and staff and friendly. The beers (when they are stocked) are also very good. The first time I was here they were out of about 3 of the 4 beers I wanted because of the previous night (I went there on a Sunday). Disappointed, but not a big deal, just laughed it off and ordered what they DID have. The bartender was also great so that saved many gripes and walking out. 
Second, I am awaiting food redemption from them. The tacos I had the first time there were great! Nothing to boast about but they did the job. The second visit, the wait was FOREVER but it was around dinner time and the place was busy. I would not recommend the fish and chips. It was good for what it was but it could help to have some seasoning to give it some flavor. The fries were also smaller than I had hoped, resembling the andy capps fries I used to get as a kid. The dipping sauce was watery. 
Overall, it's a decent spot. I need to try more and better things from the menu. Otherwise, I'm just gonna hit up this place on the way back from POPE.Full disclosure 1: When I lived a bit closer to it, the Dive was my second home. Okay, maybe my first. Point is I'm already biased, because I have big hearts for John.
Full disclosure 2: This place is about 50 feet from my front door, so I really, really want to like it.
Having said that, the beer selection is good, and they actually have decent wine options. I've had the fish and chips, which were great after a few glasses of wine and a ginormous bottle of Brooklyn Local,  and the veggie burger (Not on the same day. I promise.) Veggie burger was great, but messy. The brie, though, is by far my favorite.
Yeah, it's a little bright, but given the location's seedy past, I have a hunch the excessive light aims to appease the neighborhood olds. If you've ever seen the crowd that used to hang out here, you'd understand.
Upstairs is neat, too.
I'm really happy this place is here, and not just because it means I have to walk half as far to get a beer. I hope it stays a while.This is a great spot. Very well maintained and the staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable. I like when I ask an opinion on a beer the waiter was able to answer with much more than "it's good". The beer menu isn't overwhelming but not small either. They also have a good wine selection and a full bar. All in all a really fun experience I recommend it.Watkins is a great neighborhood bar. They have one of the best happy hours around - all draft beer is $2.50 from 5-7, 7 days a week. Their draft list is really small compared to some other bars in the area (usually about 6 options, I think), but there's always a couple good options at least, including stuff you won't see elsewhere. Food is definitely good as well. The fish and chips are miles better than the POPE's nearby, the grilled cheese are always great, the burgers are really solid, and Watkins can always be relied on to have some weird meat option on the menu - stuff like boar nachos and antelope felafel and kangaroo sandwiches. I haven't had most of these offerings, but it's interesting that they offer them either way. They also always have at least one good vegan/vegetarian sandwich and entree. The menu changes pretty often, so it's worth going back often to see what's available and to try some new beer. Servers are all really friendly and accommodating.Great neighborhood bar! Good things on tap, and the menu offers up delicious items not seen everyday - Ostrich, Bison, Rabbit, Boar, Duck.  Staff was friendly, jukebox eccletic, and the crowd nice & mellow - actually allowed me to enjoy my date and our discussion. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Good to know - they have a 2nd floor that offers additional seating, pool table and more TV's for your viewing pleasure.solid neighborhood bar. great beer selection and great menu. our waiter was pretty good but forgot to bring us plates and forgot to tell us that one of the things we ordered couldn't be made until the food came out.....but it didn't totally ruin the experience. i liked the vibe.Wanted to try something new and on a friday night, didn't do much research first - just wanted to eat! They have nice outdoor seating but we chose to sit inside. It wasn't to crowded around 6:30 on a friday night and we didn't have to wait for anything. Two different servers took our orders/delivered plates and drinks the whole night and both of them were awesome. Kind, quick and helpful. Especially when my girlfriend ordered a sausage sandwich and the server politely confirmed whether she knew it was rabbit sausage- which she did not. We were really thankful as rabbit is not our cup of tea. Though we should have looked at the menu first to note that the restaurants whole thing is exotic meat dishes - we were thankful that had some regs for us. The asparagus appetizer is amazing and the dressing on the walnut salad was really tasty!Great happy hour if you love craft beers. Amazinggggggg grilled cheese. I'm a picky Eater and I've loved every one. Put bacon jam on it,  I dare you.Great food, great beer, great service. Even better prices. New to the hood and will be flirting w regular statusUsed to live one block from this place and I miss it! The best fries you'll get for $3. Constantly-rotating decent taps and the best happy hour in the city. Staff are amazingly kind. 
Vegan food and cheap drinks, what else could you ask for?I went here for the first time the other night after walking by this place numerous times. Well have I been missing something. First of all John the owner and bartender is sooo friendly and welcoming. It's a place that you just feel comfortable in. We hit happy hour here and when we went to pay the bill we utterly surprised that the drafts were only $2.50, even at reular price $5.00 is cheap. Then I actually went back a night later with other friends and ate there. Food is great, good pub food with an eclectic feel, and the bread to die for. This will be my new favorite place, and I will continue to bring more friends here.This place is certainly a hidden gem. Occupying a space no larger than your typical South Philly cramped, corner bar, wonderful things can be found therein.
The beer list is solid.
The food menu is what truly impressed me. I had a friggin Ostrich Cheesesteak for goodness sakes. It was tender and delicious. Ran about $10 with fries for 0.25lbs of ostrich. A little steep sure, but worth it to try out the exotic poultry.
I can't wait to go back and try some alligator sausage or venison nachos.I have written the POPE off as a drinking destination due to the sea of stank-eye giving hipsters. Thus, Watkins is my beer drinking Oasis. Good beer, great food, no bullshit.Haven't eaten here yet, the bar has a really great beer list. Me and a group of friends came here late Saturday, this is a great alternative to other bars in the area. 
I want to come back for food, the marinated kale salad sounds good.Love this bar (and I don't drink)! Fun place to hang and meet neighborhood peeps. Food is stellar and the booze is good too (my companion assures me).I've been on the fence about Watkins for a while. I wanted to love it because it's half a mile from my house and because they are clearly trying to have a vegetarian-friendly menu. But sometimes the beers on tap were not that great, ditto the old veggie burger, and sometimes they had reallllly strange things on the TVs, which could be slightly off-putting.
But that was all in the past. New menu, new totally amazing beers on tap, including the Victory Scarlet Fire which is quite possibly THE most interestingly delicious beer I have ever had. Their house-made veggie burger is very good (and I'm not normally a veggie burger type person because most of the time, restaurants put "veggie burger" on the menu and what they really mean is "here's a freaking Boca Burger for $7.99"). 
And finally, DEEP FRIED BUTTERSCOTCH KRIMPETS. Thank you for throwing off my wedding diet!!!Just went to check this place out a few nights ago with some friends. As soon as we walked in, we were welcomed by the bartender as well as the server and who I believed to be either a manager or owner. Great decor, well-lit but not hospital style and overall just very welcoming.
We ordered a round of beers (they have a great selection of bottled microbrews) and took a look at the menu. Being a self-proclaimed carnivore I was ecstatic. Venison? I haven't had that since I moved from bucks county. Rabbit? Duck? Wild Boar? I've never even thought of eating stuff like that. I ordered the bison bleu cheese burger and my buddy ordered the wild boar with carmalized onions.
The food came out very quickly and it looked great. My only complaint about my burger is that it was only the small side and probably could have used a slice of cheese or two (the blue cheese is mixed in with the ground bison).
Will definitely be returning here but I might wait a few months before I order food again to see if they can get their act together better.Watkins is a hidden gem:
    -Happy hour everyday between 5-7 ($2.50 drafts). 
    -The food is awesome. Very gamey , i.e. Wild Boar tacos, Kangaroo Sloppy Joe Venison Ribs.
The bartenders are awesome.This place RULES.
Good looking, comfortable atmosphere.
Super cool, friendly staff.
Good food and local beers for excellent prices.
Try the burger with the spinach salad and a 1/2 price pint (5-7pm).This is why Philadelphia is so good. Great beer. Cheeeeeeaaaaaap happy hour --- we were paying less than $2.50 for some excellent beers here. It was laughable that it was so cheap and good. The food is also totally cheap in price but the offerings are exotic like boar, bison and other game. I would go here again in a second - especially between 5 and 7.I have been to this spot a handful of times... and the food is always delicious and the beer list always interesting. Last night was an accidental visit, simply because Khmer Kitchen was closed. 
We started with beers, and when we asked for the food menu were told there was a bit of an issue. The chef had called out with an emergency and there was no kitchen. While disappointed, John saved the day. Because of this issue, he had ordered six different types of gourmet pizzas and was offering each patron two slices on the house. 
Because of this hospitality, I had to write a review... and give him four stars. The food is worthy of four stars usually, and the next time I go I will have to write another review accordingly.Of course, it's always tough to reveal a favorite spot that hasn't become mainstream yet, but every time I go, I have such a pleasant experience that I want to encourage others to go and help keep them in business. 
The staff is friendly and attentive, the food is tasty, beer selection is wide and the happy hour deal is nice too.i haven't eaten here yet but anytime i stop in for drinks / pool it's great. the bartenders are really nice, they have a good draft list & liquor selection. always a good time !We had my boyfriends birthday party last night upstairs, and we were beyond thrilled with how awesome everything turned out. Marley was so kick ass as our server - was so attentive, fun, and just a great addition to the night. With a room of 30+ plus people, everyone had a beer in their hand (and water if needed) at all times. Thanks Jonn and Marley for taking such awesome care of everything last night!!! Reason number 38292837 we love Watkins!A block away. Good beer. Daniele rules. Would get 5 stars if they carried Bud...jerksI was told by our server that a new chef is in town at Watkins Drinkery.  Thus the menu was "in flux".  Since this was my first time at WD, I was not sure what to make of this news.  I was caught off guard, and I thought it might not be fair to Yelp post-visit due to the change-in-leadership circumstances.   But in the end I felt it necessary to inform my friends of what's going down there in South Phila. 
First of all, the ambience is quite nice.  Especially in the winter.  Nice cozy atmosphere.  I'll be back here for a brew for sure. 
As for the food, like most of the folks yelping before me will tell you, it is centered around the exotic meats.   But let's face it: no pub, even in Philadelphia, can survive with only these offerings.  Thus as a first try I decided to go with something slightly mainstream: the cornish hen.  The bird was pretty well prepared -- slightly on the undercooked side of things though.  The brussels sprouts were oily, but not too oily. 
My fiancee went with the fish and chips.  The catch of the week was Haddock.  Really great flavors, but too much batter.  Some bites were 100% fried friedstuff.  French fries were tasty but the aioli was almost pure vinegar.   What's with this recent obsession with vinegar?  Someone needs to tell the Philly pub chef posse to let up on the vinegar!  Are you with me??
Ok, so in the end I want this place to do well, and I will concede that it's a little unfair to rate this joint before eating their venison nachos.  The bottom line is that I will be back for those nachos, and after that visit I look forward to amending this review to four stars.  Stay tuned....
Can the new chef bring this place in to the Sidecar/Royal Tavern arena???Nothing bad about it, but not great either.
Decor/atmosphere - eh.
food - small menu, creative dishes but not really pulling it off.
Beer selection - quite good and happy hour prices great.
Overall ok.  Not worth the trip down there tho.  If I lived down there maybe I would give it another shot but probably won't be back.This is a great bar, mike is the best bartender around and helps hold my life together. The food is awesome and always the best service. Attracts a lovely crowd. Yay!The food is so good for what you are paying here. If you like the royal tavern, you will probably like this spot. I think their menu changes a lot but their lamb nachos were so tasty and I had an antelope shepards pie was really filling and savory.Small draft list, but fantastic happy hour specials 7 days/week. Great rotating menu.Things I love about this bar:
1. The chatty super friendly bar tender who lives around the corner from me. Hey Michael!
2. Affordable (read $5 regular beers, $2.50 during happy hour!) quality beer - not a huge selection, but all damn tasty!
3. It's like cheers in south Philly - an interesting mix of neighborhood folks, where given a few visits - everyone will know your name.