Wawa is like a beacon in a cold, dark world.  I grew up around Sheetz locations, but I have to admit that I prefer Wawa.  The sandwiches are really good, and they have the typical snacks/drinks you would expect from a convenience store.  This particular location is not quite as friendly as the one I go to near the office, but whatever.  I can still walk out with all of my snacking requirements.10/23/2015 at 7:45am Friday TICKET NUMBER 624
One white guy making sandwiches alone. There are two other black female team members was standing around talking about how they got paid today. Not doing a damm thing while he takes all the tickets. The shorter one of the two get's my ticket and mumbles my number and then takes on other orders that have been backing up. They ran out of sauté onions so for 10 mins I stand there watching others after me get their order. She did a piss poor job of correcting the issue. She needs to be retrained on the rule of FIRST IN FIRST OUT. Help out team members on a BUSY FRIDAY MORNING. I will no longer place corporate orders for ANY of our events here at the University because of this incident. She made no effort to correct the problem or respect my busy time. WHY WAS ONE MAN DOING ALL THE TICKETS ON A FRIDAY MORNING! I was lucky enough to have her pick up me as the first ticket to be skipped. I will skip this WAWA from now on.Cheap but good, convenient, and the coffee's just $1 right now - not much to complain about. A variety of fresh, bottled dairy in the coffee section too, not your crappy preserved creamers. The sizzli breakfast sandwiches (particularly the french toast) and donuts are tasty, and it's pretty convenient that sandwiches are ordered via the automated kiosks. The place suits all my grab and go food needs without compromising on quality, so I can definitely see why people around here love Wawa's. Much better than gas station fare and other comparable fast joints.This is the worst wawa I have every been too the lanes are always long and they just let the bums and homeless people just people just stand around and hangout when they  not buying anything and they make the whole store smell I will never comeback here againWhat can I say about Wawa? Doesn't just about everyone love Wawa!? Whether it's for the flavorful coffee options or the delicious sandwiches, people flock to Wawa.
This location gets a super abundance of foot traffic because it's in a prime center city location. Before work, during lunch and after work this place is on and poppin'! Because they use an electronic order system, the process is easy & much faster than other stores where you have to wait in line to place the order. It is also a streamlined process because instead of paying "after" your food is ready, you pay "while" the food is being prepared. This my friends is the true genius of their awesomeness! 
That being said, this particular location can get real gritty real fast. The minimal seating area may have trash left on it from inconsiderate customers. And/or trash may be found on the floor. Many homeless people frequent this location as well, usually to do you the gracious service of holding the door so that you will oblige them with a meal as you leave the store.
I'm a city girl so these factors don't keep me from going to this location, in fact this is the one I go to the most! It's actually the one that gives the fastest service in the city, especially when you consider the volume of customers they serve.Oh how I miss you, Wawa!
This was the Wawa that I visited frequently for lunch when I worked in Philly.  Now that I work near Au Bon Pain, Sebastian's and Cosi in Cambridge, MA and can no longer afford as many lunches, my heart yearns for thee.
Two staples that made me fat and happy:
Breakfast sandwiches and corn chowder
Their soups are delicious.  They check you out super fast.  Free ATM machines in the back.  Sandwiches are yummy and cheap, and their baked goods were always fresh.
*Sigh*
Well, at least there's now less of me mourning you.Who  doesn't love a Wawa!?!? Love this new location and large store.  The area is always bustling and I love the option for seating inside.  Crowds can be large, but the check out lines move quickly to facilitate a large
Number of people.  
Thrilled by this new location! I'll be a regular!I love wawa. Probably there at least 3, 4 times a week. This location is super busy all the time. The lines are always long. A lot of times there's people stealing in the snacks/Candy isles. There also a. nice amount of homeless people, inside and out. But they do there best to give good customer service. It's this one guy(can't remember his name, but he's usually at the cash wrap), who is always friendly.3604 Chestnut Wawa, you've really worked on your game. I dunno if I caught you in a bad couple of years last time I reviewed, but you are now my Wawa of choice for when I've had six too many and want my Italian with everything on it, plus pepperoni.
Good on you.They are pretty fast making my sandwich when you think it will be slow considering their crazy crowdness.The Pennsylvania Ave Downingtown Wawa is without a doubt the dirtiest Wawa that I have ever been to. From the smeared front windows to disgusting coffee station that has trash and spillage overflowing, to multiple coffee decanters being empty, the place is just filthy. The area where the Tastykakes are had 6 empty boxes on the shelves. Register checkout is the slowest of all Wawa's that I have been to. Where is management???Sandwich Service is very slow. Sandwiches are not consistent, always different when ordering the same thing. They always have one cashier during rush hours. This Wawa is very busy, why not have more employees working sandwiches and cashier?!Probably the worst Wawa in the tristate region. They are always out of stuff. And the stuff they do have is not of the "wawa quality" that I come to love from wawa. Also there are always food crates on the floor which I think is a a health violation. The only good thing about them is their bathrooms are clean. But the management seems to think the best time to clean them are during the busiest time of the day/night.I yelped GAS STATIONS. This is just a WAWA store, they do not have a gas station or even a parking lot. Bad Yelp.I have a subconscious thing against wawa. But they're unfortunately good.
Their sandwiches- amazing!
BUT- the machines to order sandwiches really confuse me sometimes. holy crap.
Their variety of Ben and Jerry's- unrivaled in exoticness.
Reasonably priced considering it's a convenience store.
Coffee more than well-priced.
Some things are expensive, like convenience store novelties- jerkey, chocolate, Pirate Booty.
But the main reason for this review:
A.MAZ.ING. EGG NOG. Catch it in season.Nothing super special about this Wawa - it's still small, convenient, and like your usual Wawa as far as I'm concerned. They do have seating though.Place is great.Just Andrea seems confused at best when doing cashier work.Wawa overall is pretty good, but this location leaves a lot to be desired.  If you are there at night and are hoping to get a stuffed pretzel, forget it.  This Wawa only ever stocks the heated tray items twice per day: Breakfast an Lunch.  The Deli almost always forgets an item for your sandwich, and the workers are not theist friedly people.
Besides those two quibbles, this is a typical Wawa.This wawa is brand new, huge, offers SEATING around the perimeter of the store. The seat face out so you have a nice view of avenue of the arts. I enjoyed my holiday blend coffee admiring the union league and other buildings. It can be crowded but not more than the Starbucks in this area. 5 stars!Needed to beg for my sandwich to be cut in half. Dont argue with a customer for such a small thing to do. Just do it. Bunch of lazy people.Can't say I was impressed by my sandwich here at all.  The cheesesteak meat left my roll soggy.  The mac and cheese was average, but it was all a little 'gas station' and a little overpriced too.  Maybe a different Wawa would be better, but I expected more from this little store, it had been talked-up to me a LOT!This is a decent place.  The customized sandwich station is great.  Also their pretzels are quiet tasty.  Though it could be cleaner, the staff could be friendlier and they could carry a wider variety of food-stuffsIts wawa, they do custom sandwiches and wraps etc. It always tastes good. They also have premade wraps and such. This location was extremely busy at night. Its right above the walnut train station.A very respectable Wawa. Occasionally crowded, but recently renovated (it was worth the wait) and very clean.On one hand I was baffled at how long it took to get our soup given that it wasn't very crowded here.  On the other hand I love the salted caramel coffee drink and that they have packets of honey to take.  Despite taking longish to get it, the soup was piping hot and hit the spot - I really like Wawa's soups!  The staff was friendly.  Not a bad location in a pleasant, walkable area.This Wawa is located in a busy area but the staff seems to handle the pressure well. I dislike the selection of coffee, too much regular. I'm a fan of dark roast but it's usually not available. My advice brew different flavors of coffee and keep it hot.Wawa is a good stop for a quick bite. Their sandwiches and wraps are actually pretty good, as are their hash browns (you can't beat 99 cents!). Even though the lines look long, they go by quickly, even during the noon lunch hour. 
Thank goodness this place is across the street from work!This is the WORST Wawa that I have ever been to. To be fair, I did go during the early morning hours on Sunday as the Saturday night bar crowd was heading home, but it was unacceptably unorganized. There was absolutely no system in place for the deli counter which created a HUGE crowd of restless drunk people. The employees were not calling out any numbers as the food was prepared, so no one could tell if their sandwiches were ready. Everyone was just standing around trying to figure out when they would be getting their Mac n Cheese so that they could finally escape the chaos and head home. It was a mob scene that could have easily been avoided if the employees had just yelled out order numbers as the food was ready instead of forcing people to squeeze their way to the front of the crowd to check on the status of their order. When I was finally sick and tired of patiently waiting, I made my way to the counter (through the throngs of drunk people) only to find that all of our food had been sitting on the counter the whole time.It's the WAWA Philadelphians LOVE!
The selection is wonderful here. It's open 24 hours. The hot food selection is varied, delicious, and cheap. There's bar seating around the interior to eat your meal then and there. Staff are friendly and I've never had a problem with them since they've been open for the past few years. When you walk in be amazed that they have at least 5 big screen LCD screens dedicated to showing you close-up, high definition photographs of hoagies. Now -that's- MONEY!There were long lines for food and check out at lunchtime on a Sunday. Only 1 cashier was working! She was friendly though and trying to keep things moving as best she could. The coffee bar area was messy with a lot of trash and spilled cream everywhere. It seemed like they were just understaffed at the time. 
The breakfast panini I got was delicious, the bread was crispy grilled and buttery and topped with a thick slab of scrambled eggs. I ordered veggies and I just got some baby spinach, i was expecting roasted peppers or something. Coffee was fresh. They have a pumpkin spice blend for fall, which is one of my guilty pleasures -love it!I just love wawa. My go to meal is the macaroni and cheese with mashed potatoes and chicken strips. It's a great place to pick up a quick breakfast. Unbelievable hash browns. Service is usually nice, the food comes out in reasonable time. Warm and fairly priced. 
Best day is free coffee day though. Any size. Self service.This Wawa is my favorite place to wait in super long lines while teenagers and tourists act like an evening at Wawa is the pinnacle of night life.  And thus, it is an evening that you will spend there, caught in some odd inconvenient convenient store limbo.  I have seen the minds of my generation destroyed by thirst, starving hysterical to get at least beyond the coffee station island, anticipating the warmth of the jalapeno bites.
But despite the teenage wasteland and baby goths, Wawa's chocolate covered yellow cake donuts are really good and the ederly accordian player outside is the hardest working man in Philadelphia.Very busy store. I was looking for Chobani plain yogurt but they don't have it. I had to ask for yogurt because they don't have any at the section. One of the staff had to take them out from storageThe "flagship" Wawa is a joke. It's always filthy, they're always out of various items, and it's attracted a very shady crowd (thank god there's always cops here). Homeless people and "One Step Away newspaper" are always right outside ready to bother you for your change. I've actually been insulted by one of the homeless men after I wouldn't engage him when he bothered me (he actually wasn't asking for change).
Now, why, in a city with some of the best restaurants would someone choose to eat here unless they were across the street? The food is on par with that of a hospital cafeteria.The Wawa brand is fine, but this store is horrendous.  5-6 bums outside full time laying on the sidewalk and hitting you up for money.  Inside there is a group of unemployed deadbeat moms that I've seen on numerous occasions stealing products and holding court.  
It's a shame because center city needed a Wawa, but the dreck is ruining it.It really pains me to see such bad customer service at wawa because being a philly native I grew up loving wawa and last night was the biggest turn off I have ever had. I ordered two chicken cheesesteaks complete my order and being to wait for my number to be called it is a normal size line for 2am I figure it might take 8-12 min and I'm fine with that 10mins pass and they call my number, but only to tell me they are out of chicken at this point I'm disappointed but fine I will take steak but my girlfriend doesn't eat beef so I asked for a veggie hoagie and asked if we could get maybe something extra exchange for not getting the beef (soup,Mac n chz, Cinnabon) anything a she rudely replys no, then advices me that if I don't like her response to my question I can take it up with her manager "Taylor" so I step out of line to talk to Taylor and she is even ruder than the other girl she's like "I can reimburse me your and you can take your money elsewhere" but this is the whole reason I came to wawa because they are reliable and I really like them since I've been going here since my whole life so after being insulted I returned the sand which window maybe 5-7min later still no sandwich. We ended up waiting 22min for something we didn't want and got insulted in the process not coming here again thank you again though.A pretty standard Wawa, good-sized for a city Wawa, but small compared to non-city Wawas.  This place is a zoo during the Monday-Friday lunch hours, and you might get caught waiting a decent amount of time if you ordered a sandwich.  So that's not really cool.  The people who work here are pretty friendly, even when it is super busy.  So that's pretty cool.  ATM doesn't have a silly service charge.  That's Wawa standard and that is great.  I recommend going to use their ATM and then buying a Tollhouse Chipwich and a newspaper.I worked for wawa for 3 years as a manager, I know how to deal with customer service and morning rushes but this wawa and their employees sure do not. Line is always long in the morning and the employees just stare like it's not their . They need to clean better outside and in entry way for more appeal to the customer eye. The Coffee seems to be almost empty every day, the employees sure do need to smile a little bit more often rather then complain about working 2 minutes past their time while ringing up a customer. Enough said they need to hire better associates !!!Horrible. They are not trained or equipped to deal with the crowds they get. If you plan your store to be your flagship store you should run it as such. Disappointed in the service several timesI asked my sandwich preparer; who I presume was working the overnight shift; Daniel, to toast my panini for a shorter length of time than called for by Wawa protocol.  When I arrived home, my panini was barely edible, the crust was completely burnt; and had Daniel done as I had asked, this wouldn't have been a issue.  THUMBS DOWN Wawa, you disappoint me yet againI come here more than I should. 
It's always packed during lunchtime, but the cashiers are friendly and the lines move quickly.
Salads and sandwiches are reasonably priced and acceptably edible.
I confess....I really enjoy the Turkey Bowl. 
Thanksgiving, wawa style.
I hang my head in shame. 
Oh yes, free ATMs. Joy!This is a prime location and super convenient. It does tend to get pretty packed for breakfast and lunch times. The wait can sometimes be long depending on what time of day you go in. The service is OK but the selection of snacks and drinks is great. My food always has what I ordered in it but I can't say much about presentation and neatness. 
Wawa will always be bae lol 
Candy selection is amazing, drink selection is vast. For breakfast they always have breakfast sandwiches and hashbrowns by the registers; lunch time you'll find bagel sandwiches and a variety of chicken things. Coffee is always fresh, the coffee station is always fully packed. For breakfast I'm usually getting a breakfast burrito, it's very tasty.What the wuck is a Wawa?  It's the 7Eleven serving some east coast states, specifically PA, MD, NJ, DE, VA, and FL.  And they have some pretty legit iced coffee from a machine!
I'm pretty sure this location is new as I've never noticed it before until this year.  It's huge compared to their suburban counterparts.  They sell all the usual convenience store offerings.  
We got there hungry, at about 2am after having gone to Woody's Bar for some drinks.  Needless to say, the store was packed, full of youngens, drunkards, and us lol.  We headed straight for the hot dog station!  They sell them in 2 sizes, small and large.  Go big or go home.  They were out of either ketchup or mustard, I honestly can't recall, so I headed to one of the girls working behind the food counter.  I saw what I needed on the counter behind her, got her attention and asked for it because they were out of it at the condiment station.  I guess I was too close for comfort so she started to get all defensive.  "STAY BACK!  YOU CAN'T COME BACK HEA!"  OMG, STFU and give me my condiment!  I wouldn't have to ask if y'all did your job and filled them up!  Whatever.
Lines were long and the wait to check out was irritating.  Oh well, where else can you go in the wee hours of the morning?
OVERALL:
Delish iced coffee, good hot dogs, typically unfriendly mainland service.Love this place and its indoor seating!! Electronic monitors aplenty, lots of flavors of Zapp's chips (the Nola kind- voodoo, Cajun dill, etc). Definitely better and bigger than the other one nearby. Lines can get long in the wee hours of the night.The best Wawa that I've visited. Lacy (manager) helped me out so much and I am so appreciative d of that. They always make sure that I have exactly what I need, even if they are close to running out of something.Wahhhhh... what the heck is a Wawa?
My friends and I stumbled upon this convenience store while looking for a quick bite to eat around downtown Philly. While they were familiar with the brand "Wawa," I was at a complete loss. Never heard it, don't know much about it, until I stepped into this one to see for myself.
It operates as any American convenience store with its own branded items for any long distance driver. The one exception is that it has a remarkably large food court area where you can order some quick bites to take on the go. Everything on the menu was cheap and gastropub-esque which was probably their intention. You order on the touch screen kiosk, grab the printed receipt (which the cashier will scan when paying), and await your order.
I got the Mac N Cheese and Chicken Tenders set. Plain and simple, it was one of the best late night foods I've had that quelled my hunger pains. It isn't anything to write home about, but the fact that it's open late, affordable, and tasty, I really couldn't ask for more.
If you are curious about Wawa, I definitely recommend coming in here to see for yourself what the fuss is all about. You don't even need to actually purchase anything if you don't feel inclined. Just walk through and experience its wonders.Oh Wawa - good, cheap, ever-reliable munchie heaven... Twenty-four-seven. Makes for the ultimate love-hate relationship, especially if you live right near it like I do.
The sandwiches are really the central offering here, but I've made a few other deadly discoveries: the iced coffee and milkshakes. I'm used to having a barista prepare my iced coffee, as opposed to a massive grumbling chunk of machinery, but this stuff is GOOD. It's pre-sweetened, pre-lactated (poor word choice? I think yes), super yummy, and delightfully refreshing!! It somehow strikes the perfect level of coldness (and look ma, no ice cubes!!). 
You can also "make" your own milkshake by taking a cup (basically filled with ice cream) and sticking it in another machine, which will then proceed to slash away at the ice cream with a couple of blades until it reaches your desired thickness. I always complain about runny milkshakes, but should you select the "thick milkshake" option (yeah baby), you won't be having that problem here - trust.Truly the queen of Wawas. The real center of Philly from midnight to 3am, with a big cross-section of the city using the store. Despite the large crowds, the inventory is always well-stocked, the sandwich counter is pretty fast, and the bathroom is always super clean. 
Cashier lines can occasionally get long and slow during peak times.I used to pop in here almost every day for breakfast or lunch during one summer where I worked just next door. There's always a line in the morning and at lunchtime from all the university staff and students in the area, but the service is swift and the food is pretty tolerable. Prices aren't horrible, either, for being in University City.
Favorite drink from here has always been the Wawa Green Iced Tea... could drink that in the half-gallons it came in! Mac and beef is always a good option, and the thick homestyle chicken noodle was good, too.
The hot sandwiches under the heat lamps... avoid those. Get your sandwiches freshly done. I liked the ability to order your custom sandwiches and soups, etc. at the touch screens. And they're fairly generous with portions.  Fresh Philly soft pretzels in the morning, too.This Wawa location is very busy in the morning, but the staff handles the volume very well. You can really see them acting as a team, and one of the ladies at the cash register is like the store mom. Service is with a smile, and I am in, out, and on my way in a matter of minutes. 
The workers seem happy despite the hustle. The coffee is fresh, and the usual selection of Wawa goods is available. As a native to the area, I love Wawa, and this location is no exception.this place is always crowded, not a surprise because its in center city. when you order from the touch screen for a sandwich, its hard to get your sandwich in a decent time frame because they're so backed up. i feel bad for the employees. coming from a person who used to actually work at wawa, i understand the struggle. some of the employees that work in the deli are very rude, this girl slid my mac n cheese towards me and rolled her eyes like it was my fault or something. i understand wawa can get frustrating because youre on your feet all day and moving because i worked for wawa for almost 2 years, from ages 16 to 18. it was my first job, i worked it through high school and summer, even after i graduated. it wasnt very easy, but it was manageable. but, dont ever take your anger out on customers. i never did, they dont deserve it.This place is pretty well-run - it's always clean, they throw salt down outside when it's snowing, there's always plenty of coffee (only 79 cents for a refill if you bring your own mug), and the staff is friendly.  It's a nice option for breakfast or lunch in a part of University City when you're tired of the food trucks on Market between 36th and 34th.This is the worst wawa I've ever been to. I've been here multiple times and ordered food and almost every time they get the order wrong.The mega Wawa. If you work around here, you know how much it sucks to be in here at noon. After navigating your way through the gauntlet of beggars at the door, you walk into what looks like Walmart on Black Friday. I generally never go here unless it's some random odd hour but even then it's a mess.
Still, it's Wawa, and it's the biggest Wawa, and it feels very Philadelphian, and makes me feel proud and at home. You don't have these in Chicago etc. It's also comforting to know that if I want a Shorti veggie hoagie at 4am I can get one.
The soft pretzels are vegan and a two-pack for $1.20 or whatever is a typical weeknight dinner for this bachelor.I absolutely love this little place! I first went to Wawa in Florida and fell in love. So when i visited Philly my excitement was unreal. They literally have everything you need. Breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks are sooooo good here. And everyone is super niceIt's a Wawa so by virtue of its very existence, it already has my favor.  This one is located right across the street from Vance, which gives yours truly reassurance that coffee and sandwiches will be in plentiful supply for the next 2 years - even without a company-provided Alterra brewer and Birdbath Bakery.  Overall, it's your standard Wawa with decent service and all of the usual offerings.  I do love the chicken salad and am very glad to see that I can now order it in platter form, with my selection of veggie toppings and condiments.  Plus, Hoagiefest is now in full force!  I can imagine that it is packed during the academic year but hopefully the undergrads will be back in the dining halls?  Maybe...When I went to Penn, this was THE Wawa - complete with the welcoming comittee of "usual" homeless guys - the same ones day after day.
They do alot of business at this well-travelled location.
\Smokes, coffee, junk food, sandwiches, ice cream - everything a college kid might need at the last minute.Apparently throwing a bag of Mac n cheese in the warmer is too difficult a task for this place to comprehend. After I waited twenty minutes the girl behind the counter stared flipping shit when she called my number and I walked up to get my food because they were "out of warm food so I have to get a refund". I'll make sure my laser vision/telekinesis so I can see though counter tops and read your mind is on point next time.This is one of the busiest Wawas that I have seen. On many occasions, the bar with the condiments for the coffee has been totally disgusting. There seems to be only one cashier for all of the people in line waiting to pay. I have to go there since there are not many Wawas in the area.I stopped going here first off due to the insane amounts of beggars out front. That's not the only reason tho. It's always dirty, there's always people taking up seating that didn't buy anything such as the methadone mom brigade as I call them. Also no matter how many times I go there and no matter how much I spent I was still followed around like a criminal. Meanwhile Mr crazy pants over there is opening bags of chips while throwing them into the air while screaming foul language.A clean Wawa in a very convenient location. They have the usual convenience store foods and drinks, plus other things such as freshly made sandwiches, quesadillas, Mac N cheese (which I got), donuts, milkshakes, and flurries. They also have decently priced good quality bananas and other fruit. 
The mac and cheese is decent for late night cravings, but it definitely tasted like the cheese was made from a powder. The milkshake was thick and smooth, and a good buy.I'm a Wawa fan, generally, but this particular location is not getting it done, especially the sandwich counter. The Wawa veggie sub is mediocre at best. At this location, my sub has usually been made with the sort of love and care generally afforded a Manson family victim. Just because it's a sub doesn't mean it should be soaking wet. WTS?I went there one time, and was turned off - at the entrance a large number of agressive male beggars , some look harden like ex-cons. WAWA needs to rid their doorways of this element.We don't have these on the weather coast. Sadly, 7 elevan fans, this place is way above. Ordered chicken noodle soup and a hoagie... better than room service.I'm basing this review largely on one incident that was partly my fault but still left a bad taste in my mouth.
I came to this location after my work shift so it's a little after midnight and regardless, this Wawa was packed. I only wanted a hot latte so after putting in my order I braved myself to stand in the line, which only had one cashier and was at least 12 people deep because everyone had to buy their cigarettes. That could be a whole different review, but the cigarette buying process is an endeavor in itself.
My latte was made fairly quickly and the line had not budged so....whatever, I leave my place in line to pick up my drink and go back and wait. The surly drink maker looked at me like I had roaches coming out my eyes when I went up to her and asked if this were my latte, can I just have it while I wait in line, so nobody mistakes it for theirs and takes it?
I know the Wawa rules but it wasn't like I was gonna book it out the door as soon as I got my $3 coffee. Instead, this lady does not give me the coffee and rudely tells me "why don't you go back and wait in line" with such a nasty attitude it took all my might not to tell her to f off. 
So I waited in the long time. While I was waiting, a guy went up to the coffee counter, looking a little confused, and took my latte off the counter.
I'm not dealing with this. I left the line and went over to the 38th street Wawa. Had my coffee and out the door within 5 minutes. 
Anyway like I said, I knew the rules and "broke them" but really, I don't look like a thief. This place just ain't great with customer service and the lines are always long.Good place for an inexpensive sandwich and everything that goes with it. If you are on business travel/per diem and staying at any of the nearby hotels, you can get a nice sandwich to go here for cheap.Wawa takes a nice steamy Philly dump on 7-11, Mr. Mart, or any favorite convenience store you can think of. I cannot wait until we start seeing some Wawa's come to South Florida. People make a fuss over Trader Joes, the hell with that place, I want some Wawas. If you don't get it, you never will.NEXT TO GODLINESS 
a short poem
this toasted shortie
has me feeling religious 
like desmond tutuEveryone loves Wawa. That's a fact. That's science.
Which makes it all the more surprising that this Wawa has a lowly 3.5 star rating... Even more surprising yet is the fact that a couple of the 3 star reviews actually seem fairly laudatory. Are these reviewers comparing this University City oasis to some suburban Wawa ideal? The world may never know...
I find that there is very little not to like about this Wawa. Yeah, they could stock a few more cereals and I really wish they carried Double Stuf Oreos, but they can't have everything... Because then they'd be a grocery store. 
I also wish that I didn't order gross sandwiches while drunk so often, but that's not exactly their fault... Though perhaps they should consider adding a confirmation page that asks, "Are you sure, dummy?" when you order something greasy and gross between midnight and 4am.
Those minor quasi-complaints aside, I love this Wawa. It's always open, it's clean and brightly lit, and it has an excellent selection of Ben & Jerry's.It's your standard Wawa... only busier, grittier, and larger thanks to its prime South Broad location. They have the selection you've come to know (and likely love). I bypassed the made-to-order area -- I'm too impatient -- for the ready-made wraps. I love those.
A PNC Bank ATM is available and functional. Big fan of that. The store's layout is easy to figure out, as you'd expect. And they even have seats for eating in. Interesting. I'm not sure I'd take advantage of that, but it's good to know.
The check-out line moved quickly. I paid with my card and couldn't tell it was okay to leave. The guy didn't look at me or anything. I had to figure out that my payment was accepted on my own. I kind of like getting a receipt when I pay with my credit card but that doesn't seem to be the regular thing at any Wawa. Ah, well.
Glad it's an option in Center City. Always reliable and fast!36th and Chestnut Wawa, why must you keep your tampons in a locked glass case? Do you know how embarrassing it is to ask a sales associate to open the case, then have the sales associate yell across to the store to a co-worker to bring him the key, then stand by and WATCH as I pick out my box of tampons? Are these particular tampons made of gold, or perhaps the rarest cotton in Mozambique? It eludes me.Hoagiefest!
6 inch 2.99 subs can't be beat.
The ordering system for the hoagies may take the uninitiated by surprise at first but it is fairly intuitive.  The coffee at Wawa is also extremely underrated, especially the mocha iced coffee. 
Wawa is the king in Philly and Southern Jersey for comfort food on the go.While it offers a super-convenient location next to City Hall, this particular location creates a sea of trash from its disrespectful patrons (and panhandlers). By operating in this location, I feel like Wawa, Inc needs to do something to counter this unfortunate side effect. My once clean (relatively speaking) sidewalks are now war zones complete with beggars, drug dealers, sleeping bums,and littered food and trash. I'm not going to support this type of behavior in my community, and you shouldn't either.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broken_windows_theory
Wawa's touch-screen interactive sandwich customizable order POS system is really cool, though.
UPDATE 11/4/15
When exiting this location, you must open the door and pass through a cloud of second hand cigarette smoke where you're immediately asked for food- at this location now, some bums won't ask- they will say "gimme your food", or "hand over that food".  They'll ask you for a cigarette- even if you don't smoke, and then say "help me out" or "give me a dollar".
Would you want to help someone who throws the food and wrappers all onto the sidewalk? I've emailed corporate  , the unlitter philly campaign, and the Mayor of Philadelphia twice this week about this location.  Someone needs to step in.
Be assured, when the multi-million dollar condos are inhabited above this Capital Grille, those people will have the money and clout to fix this section of the sidewalk.  I'm not happy about people intimidating customers and saying "gimme your food" when leaving the market.The picture tells it all. This sorry looking sandwich was suppose to have lettuce tomato onion and hot peppers.  Clearly he forgot to put anything on this hoagie. Wawa is only good for 4 AM nowadays. Really going downhill.This Wawa is packed because of its location, and thusly a little slow. I do find the staff a little rude and inefficient. Takes forever to get a hoagie in this place.
However, they are the only Wawa I've encountered that offered mac and beef as a side. MAC AND BEEF. I drove around to a bunch of other Wawas on other days to try and find it, but to no avail. Even this Wawa, it seems, only had it for that one day.
BRING BACK THE MAC AND BEEF.I was worried that the higher amount of traffic than the average Wawa would lead to a lower quality of service but I just had the best wawa hoagie of my life, and it was ready in less than 5 minutes despite there being a significant amount of people waiting near the made to order section. Staff is polite and efficient, store is clean and well stocked, no complaints!Quite the detriment to the neighborhood. like there wasn't enough over processed garbage available before they opened.
And I like how the corporate overlords trim expenses by sending the delivery driver sans helper.  The perpetual gaggle of vagrant junkie door holders don't hold the door for him because they know he won't hand over any change and his struggle to maneuver in his overloaded handcart is palpable.This is one of the best WaWas. It's spacious, the lines move quickly, and there is room to stand to wait for your sandwich or even sit down to eat it.
This location does still suffer from WaWas biggest problem. The biggest problem is that they bake their own hoagie rolls in store instead of buying rolls from Amoroso. Amoroso rolls were perfect. The rolls baked in store do not compare even when cooked perfectly. But many times the rolls are overcooked making them even worse. The hoagies are still good, but you can get better ones elsewhere close by and there was a time when you couldn't say that, especially about the tuna hoagie.Fast and convenient. They forgot my sausage in my sauce egg scramble and it wasn't busy as usual. Will continue to go here but will check my food before leaving.By far the worst Wawa I have ever been to, from the fruit flies, crack/meth addicts being allowed to roam the store and steal... to the sandwich people complete screwing up orders with the screens in full view with ingredients listed.  It was dirty and the employees were rude and visual disheveled and unkempt.  I wish I looked closer before placing my order because I would have surely gone anywhere else.  By the time we got our food, we had been waiting for 20 minutes.  There were only 3 or 4 orders who were long gone.  I guess the food the staff was making for themselves, friends, other staff, or maybe the random aforementioned folks.  I was so uncomfortable, I didn't even redeem my lotto tickets I won here, the counter guy was really acting strange..... so shady.  Hopefully they are better during the day, after dark, this is a horrible place.I know the people making the food are swamped but they need to be more careful with cross contamination. I made them aware but they clearly didn't take what I said into consideration since I just threw my guts up! I'm sure it's hard when you're busy but if a customer is telling u of their food sensitivity should listen and not roll your eyes & suck your teeth. I can't imagine I'm the first & I won't be the last if they continue to ignore & throw food together so haphazardly.Originally a Robinson Luggage store, this spot has undergone a warp-speed transformation over the last few months - opening just in time for Pope Francis' visit next week. 
The newest addition to the Wawa family is highly visible on the SE corner of Broad and Walnut. It will see a lot of foot traffic - and has the square footage and layout to handle customer volume and crowd control.
Front: cashier (central location,high traffic)
Front side: deli/hoagie counter (potential lines to side)
Center: massive coffee kiosk (high traffic)
Back: frozen goods and groceries (slow browsers)
The only annoyance is the entryway(s). With one entrance facing Broad and another on Walnut (right next to each other!) leading into a tight anteroom, there will be some turbulence ... I anticipate a lot of coffee-juggling do-si-dos!Okay, Wawa is actually really good. The sandwiches are better than most chain shops like JJs, Subway, etc. and excellently toasted. They are also pretty cheap and don't forget about free coffee day and all the other deals they have.
The oreo flurricane is on another level. If you have ever been disappointed in a Mcflurry as I have, this is the order for you. The flurricane is everything a Mcflurry ever wanted to be. Loaded with oreos and well-mixed, Mcflurries can only dream of becoming flurricanes. They are also huge- while they cost about as much as a Mcflurry, they are over twice the size I want to say. 
Overall: Break up with your partner? Flurricane. Rough exam? Flurricane. Want an ice cream dessert? Flurricane. Dissapointed by Mcds? Flurricane. The only thing the flurricane cannot do is bring my grandparents back.I love Wawa...I wish we had them in CT but we don't...that just gives me an excuse to hit up Wawa every chance I get when I'm in the area.
Anyway...this Wawa is a special one for a couple reasons: 1) It's one of the first new stores they've built without a gas station in recent years, 2) it's the first new store they've opened up in Center City in who knows how long (they've favored suburban areas with larger lots - so they can put in gas stations) - in fact, they've actually closed stores in Center City this year. and 3) it's the first store they've built with indoor seating. The indoor seating is located along the windows and it's cool for people watching during the day.
This particular location on the corner of Broad and Walnut is definitely in the middle of everything...so it seems to be busy at all hours...I mean ALL hours. We all love that new store smell, and they're open 24 hours like the rest of 'em. 
Speaking of being open 24 hours...Wawa is definitely the place Philadelphians go for food once the bars let out. There are usually cops in the store to make sure nothing shady goes down. The workers get your food ready quickly, and check-out is fast. 
I usually stay at one of the hotels around the area...I will definitely come to this location from here forward...it sure beats having to walk to 9th and Walnut!I come here for hot sandwiches, bottled water, snacks, coffee, etc.  This WaWa is very convenient and the food is fresh, good, I love the turkey gobbler sub - delicious cheat on my diet, lol!  The cashiers are friendly and helpful too.  
I just wish they would control the tons of homeless people on their corner who can be quite aggressive in wanting your money or food...
Good WaWa-I'll be back...It's Wawa conveniently located all over philly. I've been to many Wawa's, but this was the first one I had to pay for my slurpee cup before I could get a slurpee. What that tells me is that there's been slurpee a on the house. There was also a cop stationed by the machine. Which also tells me someone determined they didn't need a cup to get a free slurpee. I love the location but any day other than a Sunday it's usually packed.People from the area will swear by WAWA, and honestly, I'm just not convinced. The full service ordering food via touchscreen is pretty nice especially because it's not coupled with a gas station. I went to this location twice: once during the evening and once during the late night, and it was busy both times. For whatever and whenever you want something, you will wait, so be prepared. It is super convenient to have this right in the heart of the city when you're looking for quick (not really cheap) bite. I got the chicken bowl with mashed potatoes and Mac n cheese and it was pretty good. Again, nothing I would swear by, but I'll continue to explore the menu and this establishment.Definitely is what it is hyped up to be! A great place to grab a quick lunch or coffee.Wawa is what got me through first year of law school.  The hoagies are large and cheap, they make em fast, there's always a ton of chips and snacks selection, and they give you a discount if you bring your own mug for coffee.  People love the free ATM here and there's plenty of ice cream and other terrible foods to get you through a hellish night or week of studying.  Their flatbreads are quite good too!  I like the chicken and the pepperoni.The Wawa that no longer trusts anybody.  For those who live in center city, the Wawa that replaced Robinson Luggage has struggled with being overwhelmed, becoming a mecca for shady characters and the need for police to patrol inside. For me, the last straw was going in and finding out that a management solution to the self-serve soda machine is to make you pay first and then given a cup so you can fill up your soda - talk about a lack of trust! Worse yet was the Diet Dr. Pepper Cherry was warm and flat - but what the heck - they got my money up front and made sure i did not rip off their soda machine - which is highly unlikely as i profile as an aging retiree- so i stepped outside, poored the lousy drink into the sewer on the corner and stepped around the paper and other garbage that is part of the Wawa landscaping of the corner!Convenient location, but overcrowded most of the time. Coffee is always fresh and snacks seem well stocked.
Sometimes feels understaffed, especially at checkout. Lines can take a while when there's only 1 cashier open.I recently went to Philly because I wanted a good cheesesteak.  Tony Luke's was alright but  I think Wawa was a lot better value for the money.  We don't have Wawa in NY so I really wanted to see if the hoagies were as good as I read about.  This particular Wawa in the UPenn area was pretty nondescript.  Inside it looked like a bigger and better version of 7-11.  
I ended up getting an Italian hero because it seemed pretty basic and a good baseline for the Wawa experience.  I got it with a little bit of oil and vinegar.  It was the 10 inch version and the total came out to $7.01.  I was blown away by the price because I don't think you can find a full Italian hero in NY for less than like $10 minimum.  Of course you can't compare Wawa to a genuine Italian hero but still.  
I took the hoagie to a nearby Panera Bread and ate it there.  The hoagie wasn't the biggest sub ever, but it was decently sized.  I believe they put ham and salami in there along with lettuce, onions, and provolone.  
The experience of eating this thing was pretty interesting.  Because there is nothing really special about the hoagie and it's far from the best sandwich ever.  However, it was just so solid for the price.  There was nothing spectacular about the hoagie, but also nothing glaringly offensive about it either.  All in all, it was a really enjoyable eat.  The bread was fairly chewy.  The cold cuts were pretty tasty.  The provolone went well with the cold cuts.  The hoagie was just so easy to continue biting into.  After I finished it I had a bigass smile on my face.  
I was so happy with my Wawa hoagie that I stopped off at another Wawa on my way home and got a 6 inch Meatball hoagie ($4.89 total).  That was also pretty solid too.  I also got a medium coffee ($1.65) and 2 kit kats for $2.  I'm definitely a huge fan of Wawa now.Great location. There's not a lot of convenient stores in the area. This location is in a safe location. It gets very crowded at times. Your basic grocery items and lotto is readily available.This store is a good place pick up
a few items in the evening.  It is
cleaner and more spacious than a
7-eleven.This Wawa is mobbed all the time. 
Most really have peak times, i.e. lunch time, when they are mobbed but this one is constantly packed. 
You will spend the majority of your time waiting in the check out line. 
They generally have four cashiers working at all times but it still will take from 5 to 10 minutes just waiting in line.Tonight's trash.  this has been ongoing For at least four months now.
New mayor will be notified. As well as city council, corporate, and the $1,000,000,000 condos' owner next door.
A sign visibly displays "no loitering, solicitation, or panhandling" out front, which basically has translated into: "loiter and panhandle here".  Residents are scared. What convenient stores have you ever been to that have had on duty cops guarding the entrance? None. Ever. It's a first. And while they are raking in millions a year, people sleep on their curb. I do not stand for this. It's not the police dept's job- it's corporate wawa inc's responsibility to take some of the $250,000 a night they earn and put it towards the panhandlers' nightly whatever.  cup of coffee? Place to sleep OTHER THAN THEIR FRONT ENTRANCE,  etc etcWawa is the best convenience store on this side of the Atlantic*, but this particular location is a bit lacking.  I don't know if they cut a no-competition deal with Cereality or what, but their cereal offerings are limited to a single box of Cheerios hidden away on a bottom shelf.  WTF, Wawa?  Don't you know that cereal is one of the four student food groups?  I had to trek all the way up to Fresh Grocer just to get some freaking Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
*except Famima!!, which doesn't fully count as American anywayFILTHY. It's a shame. This is supposed to be the new "flagship" store but it's  totally unkempt. The new concept eat-in counters are not wiped and there is trash and food scraps on the floor underneath. Many of the napkin dispensers were empty. The food is on par with other Wawas. The place needs some attention to the details.Dumphole.
Chip aisle totally ravished - but who doesn't love salty chips when drunk. 
Lines of savages waiting to get their fat hoagies while stumbling into displays and screaming over one another acting like sewage rats. 
A nice gremlin monster/ man who almost attacked several people. Cursing at a loose bag of Doritos and calling everyone bitches while spit flayed from his disgusting suckhole. Lay off the meth guy. 
And lots of Philly trash somehow magically appearing all at once, all inside the Wawa. 
The workers here deserve a Medal of Honor for their service. Otherwise, this place is a complete dumphole.I live pretty much a block away and I frequented this store when I first moved to the city. I now avoid this store when I can and shop at Rite Aid or Walgreens. The location is convenient, but the harassment from the "loiterers" and poor customer service make this store virtually nonexistent in my mind. If they could at least do something about the rude, unpleasant homeless it may be worth shopping here for things like drinks and snacks.This is not a review of Wawas in general inasmuch as a review of this particular location. I lived near Penn's other Wawa on Spruce and it is leagues above this one. Friendly staff, clean milkshake dispensers, speedy food...the simple things in life.
Unfortunately, this location is not as great... I don't think I've ever been here in the last 6 mo without 5-6 people in front of me (compare to Spruce's average 2-3) and an average food wait time noticeably longer. Finally, the last two times I've gotten coffee here, it tasted weird...I thought Wawa had just changed its formula but I went to the Spruce Wawa, and nope, the Caffeine Wake Up Mocha tasted great in the other location. I only write this review because I live nearby and I want this to be the best Wawa on Penn's campus!!New location so its super crowded but the lines are moving fast. Long line to order sandwiches and other menu items they even have a small seating area in the front, this will def be my daily lunch place I got a large salad for 4.99 perfect priceWeird layout which makes lunch time a struggle! Outdated machines so scanning gift cards on my cell phone is impossible, so I hold up the line having to type it in. My BLT was made poorly, with ingredients falling out and spread unevenly, but the tomatoes and lettuce are fresh so there's that. The chicken noodle soup has a good flavor, but the pasta in it is pretty bland and not a great texture, plus the chicken breast has a weird texture. Wawa has been slipping, or maybe I'm just growing out of it!Another great Wawa. Wawa is known for its above '& beyond abilities to serve people better than another gas station. Wawa is more than that. The store is clean and well kept. Products are where they're supposed to be on the shelves. Wawa has great subs too. You're able to customize what you want on the sandwiches and if you want them hot or cold. Great place.While it offers a super-convenient location next to City Hall, this particular location creates a sea of trash from its disrespectful patrons (and panhandlers). By operating in this location, I feel like Wawa, Inc needs to do something to counter this unfortunate side effect. My once clean (relatively speaking) sidewalks are now war zones complete with beggars, drug dealers, sleeping bums,and littered food and trash. I'm not going to support this type of behavior in my community, and you shouldn't either.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broken_windows_theory
Wawa's touch-screen interactive sandwich customizable order POS system is really cool, though.Ordered beef burrito bowl with extra salsa and avocado. Instead of extra, I got specifically NO salsa or avocado. I assume they either don't know what the word "extra" means or were deliberately trying to annoy me.if not for Wawa, I'm not quite sure I would have survived my first year of college.
HOAGIES!  Being able to walk into Wawa at 4 am during finals week and grabbing food to go is definitely a check-plus in my book! Yum...I could do with some food right now.  The other sandwich counter food is worth checking out as well!
Okay, so there have been a few iffy moments.  There was the time where the sandwich counter didn't have lettuce for a while. (What? That's like, essential!)  Then there's the lack of drink and milkshake tops, which is annoying no matter what time of day.  The workers are a tad bit on the lazy side... 
Wawa is one of those things that college has addicted me to.  It's right up there next to caffeine.  But seriously, those milkshakes have pulled me through hard times!
Viva la Wawa!This place is amazing. It's very clean and the service is fast. The ingredients are always fresh and I can rely on this place for a breakfast, lunch, or dinner on the go. There's a lot of variety and it's in a great location.Last week order my sandwich and paid for it,20 minutes later I asked is any one making my order?they asked if I have my ticket I said yes and have it to them,they checked and said what was on your sandwich and I honestly said I don't remember them other person Carol came and asked me "what is your problem" I said again I want my sandwich she said no one makes it for some stupid reason and I have to re order it again. No one said sorry or anything like this. In the end when I said what is the hell going on here carol told I will not get my sandwich because she made this decision. So long story shot. I had to leave without my money and without my sandwich and they tread me like peace of crap thank you wawa for this. Will never go to wawa and will not buy gas. Manager called me and said it my fault. Nice. NO SERVICE AT WAWAThis is Wawa is consistent, consistently bad. If you have a special order such as a two bagels with cheese and bacon in it, it will take over 40 minutes to get it. Even if it isn't busy! They will be confused for 15 minutes wave bagels around, bicker among themselves... then make the wrong thing three different times. Someone in line said I probably asked for too much from the staff (sarcasm),which I agree since they never made it correctly. Yes after 40 minutes still gave me the wrong thing. Again it wasn't busy, also the entire time I was there no breakfast sandwiches out at the registers, but there were 5 people hanging out talking. Also they rang it up incorrectly and the cashier was not pleasant and didn't fix it which caused MORE issues because it was such a difficult special order and I couldn't produce a receipt for what I ordered. The store was a mess as usual with people that looked homeless inside with bags and asking for money. When I contacted Wawa and complained they said someone would call. You can guess that they never bothered. Start making food at home. I sure am! Such a terrible eyesore to my neighborhood.Hello. We purchased our meals last night from the 36th & Chestnut location. Ticket number 485. My wife makes amazing meals but we decided to stop there after our Kelly Drive walk. Imagine our surprise after longing for chicken quesadillas oozing with gooey goodness only to find goo. The tortillas were uncooked/untoasted, the chicken was undone and the bacon was soggy. Wife tried to salvage hers bug putting it in the toaster oven but then she just felt sick and lie faint in the middle of the living room floor. We love Wawa. The lemon muffin with the perfect dollop of cream ever so tastefully placed in the center...the sweet cream cheese of a warm stuffed pretzel...We just wanted that same sensation last night. Something enjoyable, which we did not receive.This WaWa usually stresses me out, the space is so small, and usually filled with college students who are always in the way or rude Penn/Drexel employees. You can tell good customer service isn't a priority (or at a majority of the wawa locations in Philly). I only go into this location out of convenience.Came during the lunch rush. Waited 20 minutes and never received my sandwich.  Ended up leaving due to a pre-scheduled meeting I couldn't be late for.Usually every Wawa I've been to has great sandwiches. This wawa must be understaffed, undertrained or can't handle the amount of requests. Every time I get a sandwich there they load the spreads on, to the point that sandwiches have to be wiped clean otherwise the sandwich is ruined and soggy. Please limit the spreads and let the sandwich speak for itself, or put an option in that allows people to say very little spread. Just like little oil little vinegar but when I select that they still drench the sandwich. I won't eat sandwiches from this location due to this on going issue. SMH.(408 S Cedar Crest Blvd, Allentown, PA) Back in July 2020 ordered a Roast beef classic including mayo. Went back to the office and it was mayo-less. A few weeks later ordered an Italian classic with oil and no oil. I was going to go back today (9/15), but decided to try another local hoagie joint. Although more expensive, they made exactly what I ordered and tasted better (there's something special about a sesame seed roll). 10/15 - Ordered an Italian classic with oil and once again sans oil. Too many other hoagie joints to try out. Won't be back.So I ordered a 6 inch hoagie combo with everything listed on the order sheet and this is what i got. Skip the whole order and make it how you please is how they operate on broad and walnut.This Wawa is very convenient for Penn students and people who work at the medical school. Like most Wawa's, it offers a lot of coffee options (most of them are the cheapest in University City) and food options.
This is usually my goto place for late night eats since it is normally fast, cheap, and consistent. What I will say is during busy times it can take a while for your food to be made, so it may not be the fastest option all the time.
Recently, they reorganized the place so there is more room for people to stand when waiting for orders. This definitely opens up the space that can filled with over 3-4 dozen at a busy time. 
Tips;
I also love coming here when they offer free coffee or discount their hoagies. You can always find out what their discounts are by looking at the signs at the store fronts.God damn if i don't love me a good Wawa. This is one of the bigger locations stocked with more product than some of the other locations downtown. The crowd is definitely sketchy and the employees are not too motivated to work, but its a Wawa so its kinda expected. Great location for coffee and hoagies. I frequently this location almost daily when I'm in center city. If your lost in Philly and need essentials or need good cheap food this is the place. definitely  recommend.The street corners are lined with overdosed "homeless" making rude, profane comments.  There are actual piss marks on the sidewalks. They have someone monitoring inside and the staff is great but this wawa has done nothing but devalued the block.  Be prepared that your shorti will always come with vulgarity. Just for the record, yesterday I was called a "CU next Tuesday" as I held the door for someone. I love wawa and the corporation but this is a major disappointment and actually a safety threat.half of the staff do nothing while two people make your order incorrectly. all i ordered was a milkshake. they gave me a cup with ice cream in it, unblended, and UNDRINKABLEI used to love WaWa but just today at Castor  & Tyson, STALE pnut m&m's.  I keep giving you chances, but why? Also, you cut the cheese too thick for hoagies. YuckWawa you fantastic son of a bitch. I walked in for comfort food and walked out with a genuine smile after meeting a fantastic human being.
Wawa - "Come for the sandwiches stay for the unwarranted encounters"
4 starsThis place is disgusting!  After 12:00 its junkie central. And Managment doesn't do shit about it.  Crackheads pan handling inside and outside.While it offers a super-convenient location next to City Hall, this particular location creates a sea of trash from its disrespectful patrons (and panhandlers). By operating in this location, I feel like Wawa, Inc needs to do something to counter this unfortunate side effect. My once clean (relatively speaking) sidewalks are now war zones complete with beggars, drug dealers, sleeping bums,and littered food and trash. I'm not going to support this type of behavior in my community, and you shouldn't either.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broken_windows_theory
Wawa's touch-screen interactive sandwich customizable order POS system is really cool, though.
UPDATE 11/4/15
When exiting this location, you must open the door and pass through a cloud of second hand cigarette smoke where you're immediately asked for food- at this location now, some bums won't ask- they will say "gimme your food", or "hand over that food".  They'll ask you for a cigarette- even if you don't smoke, and then say "help me out" or "give me a dollar".
Would you want to help someone who throws the food and wrappers all onto the sidewalk? I've emailed corporate  , the unlitter philly campaign, and the Mayor of Philadelphia twice this week about this location.  Someone needs to step in.
Be assured, when the multi-million dollar condos are inhabited above this Capital Grille, those people will have the money and clout to fix this section of the sidewalk.  I'm not happy about people intimidating customers and saying "gimme your food" when leaving the market.
Update:
Wawa corporate replied within 24 hours
No response from the mayor.This Wawa is OK. I like it, but I don't like being harassed by Homeless people.Dec 3 2015 update pics will follow:
Wawa has been notified, and is very active as a corporation trying to accommodate. Food is always a solid four stars, as is service- but bums ruin their vibeEvery time Tainisha makes my sandwich its wrong and then she gets an attitude when asked to make it again smh.It looks like Wawa has learned after these few years, and the corporation has decided to close this location at 11:00 p.m. every night. On-Duty uniformed police officers are there to guard the doors, and escort the crazies and homeless and gangsters and drug dealers out at 11:00 p.m. prompt. Bravo.I realize that the Coronavirus is a very real threat and that this is why they have discontinued the normal way of selling coffee, probably at least for a while; but, still... They normally have at least six different kinds of coffee and they shot down to two, regular and decaffeinated, both much more commonly known as "water" and "worthless", both mild & much more commonly known as "pointless". 
You can't make it yourself. They make it. In all sizes, too; but, they have very limited supplies. And they evidently don't have anything other than whole milk, half & half & almond milk. Disgusting! The options are so limited that it gives me a strong indication that they don't want your business. At all. I asked why they are doing this & Blimpie, the big girl, just looked at me like she wanted to pick up one of the oversized coffee pots and throw it at me; she said nothing. 
They did away with the, supposedly, freshly-made pastries that sit on trays behind the glass double-doors. Maybe they'll come back one day... 
This Wawa has never been particularly wonderful. There has always had some quality about it that makes less than desirable. Many Wawa's have homeless parasites stationed outside, acting as if opening & holding open a door somehow makes them worthy of having your money... But, this place always seems to have at least three such parasites waiting around outside; four or five parasites waiting around outside is actually pretty common. Especially at night & in particularly on weekends, there are security guards & cops inside this place. But, they don't do anything but stand around bullsh!tt!ng with one another. Sometimes a cop will get a hard-on for a power-trip & spy on people as they use the ATM; that kind of behavior makes them no better than the parasites that hang around outside. 
I've heard that this is considered to be Wawa's flagship store, in Philly in general & in particularly in Center City...which makes this Wawa pathetic and funny at the same time. This place is a pathetic joke! And if all Wawa's are selling coffee this way now & for the foreseeable future, then, Wawa is dead to me, at least until they return to normal; I'll go to Dunkin' Donuts.Here is the flagship Wawa - it's always a bustling oasis of fast food (in all senses of the term) in Center City. It has seating, it has full menu items, it has at least 10 ordering stations, and it has people flocking through it at all times. This is what Center City needed at a prime location.  
Even when Center City was shut down like Fort Knox during Pope-apalooza last fall, and all its restaurants were as empty as Citizens Bank Park in the winter, everyone who was left downtown was coming to this Wawa. Even during the great Blizzard of 2016, when most of Center City was shut down, this location stayed open and was standing room only (seats always filled)! 
This is exactly the right store at the right location; and that's obvious for whenever you come to visit here!Whenever I end up at this one, I always wish I'd just gone to the one on 38th.
The staff here is really nice, so it's tough for me to be this critical.
But, the bottom line is that they're frequently out of stuff behind the deli, they're often understaffed behind the deli, there's a lot less selection here than the one at 38th, and almost every time I come here, something I wanted or needed was not available.
There have been times - not even that late at night (let's say 9:30 pm), where I'd be on my way home, and I'd stop in to get a sandwich. The sandwich would take 20-30 minutes because there's only one guy manning the deli and tons of college students getting study orders because that's what college students do.
Maybe it's just me and my set of experiences over the last couple years. Hope it improves because the 38th location is out of the way for me any time I'm not at work.Five stars for being open around the clock, especially when my family and I want coffee at 6:30 AM!  Five stars for friendly service; and, kudos to the lady working the coffee station for keeping all of the coffees fresh brewed and well-stocked; she was super friendly with a good morning greeting and she accepted my compliment on the Tanzanian Reserve coffee with aplomb.  Five stars for having all 6 cashier stations up and running, to meet the crowd size.  So early in the morning; and, this place is packed; and was running at full speed.  Despite the crowd, all the coffee condiments were stocked, the bakery rack was full of fresh-baked items.  Great location, we'll be here every morning for our stay in Philly!Was at the Penn Vet Hospital on a Sunday, limited food places that were convenient. Grabbed two custom hoagies, both shorti's ham and cheese, one with American, one Cheddar, lettuce tomato and Mayo. Easy enough? Not for the lazy sack making them. Cheddar on both, no Mayo on either. Not devastating but annoying for such an easy order. NE Philly Wawa's are much better!If you like fast, and an affordable breakfast; WaWa is the place to go! No seating though, but they have a counter table where you can eat your food. They have breakfast items for under $3 and you can customize them. Coffee is great too! Different flavors with a variety of creamers to choose from. Perfect place if you are on the go!Previously working for a Wawa in New Jersey, I find the deli service to be rather slow. The three times I have gone I have waited for at least 10 minutes for my sandwich. 
I like the new paninis that are offered, but I wish they were more customizable. For example, if I want to make a custom panini I should be able to put pesto on it, since that is an option for pre-made paninis. 
The store is clean and the checkout lines are pretty fast. Also as with all Wawas there is no surcharge to use the ATM, which is clutch since I have Chase Bank.
One thing that I noticed that I find uneasy regarding the composition of the store workers is that the workers are all people of color, but the store manager is white. To me, this subconsciously reinforces traditional race issues in our society between bosses and employees.My first time using Grub Hub via Yelp, to place an order for pickup.  The sandwich was made exactly has ordered and ready before the allotted time.  The staff was busy with many orders so I'm glad I cut line by ordering on-line!No better or worse than a Subway.  Maybe a little worse.  Convenient location, though.Good solid Wawa but this place can be super crowded and have hardly any standing room during peak lunch hours.  Cases and displays can seem a bit threadbare as well during these crunch times.  Sandwich makers however get orders in and out quickly so kudos to them!  I haven't visited during off-peak times but imagine it's a calmer pace and environment.I got a breakfast hoagie here the other day and I must say it was really disgusting. It was one of those things you can't get out of your head because you just keep thinking you consumed all those calories and it was so bad. Additionally, the way it was wrapped made it almost impossible to consume. On the up side, the Cuban coffee blend was really good!This is a very nice "Busy" but efficient Wawa. You get a lot of folks from the surrounding hospitals, so its a lot of in and out traffic, which is a bit nicer than the chaotic scene up the street at the broad street location. So, it's never too crowded but lines do get long. It's definitely on the smaller side of wawa's, but still has a great selection of everything you'd expect.I'm here everyday. I love the coffee! Yay WaWa.typical wawa. they get the job done.  It can get crowded since it's by Jefferson, but its fine.  I wish the staff were a little faster though....WAWA move to Los Angeles. Your name is soooo cool to say sober or drunk. Your donuts are fantastic. You sell soup and hoagies. Your so pretty and clean, but familiar and not outragous. I luv you. WAWA WAWA where are youuuuu???
btw or ps wtf east coast? Dunkin Donuts is disgusting. WAWA you are the only one I know that lives on the east coast and knows how to make a donut. 
We do have better donuts on the west coast, but not a place that sells aleve, soup, good coffee, donuts, salad,  and a hoagie at 2am. So come visit in LA I promise you'll want to stay.Jeez, I'm a sucker for their fast and cheap hoagies, especially since it's so close to my train stop.  
Since I am just back to the East Coast after a long absence, I had to learn the new Wawa ways. If you want a hoagie, go order it first on the computer screen. I love that you can be as specific as "just a little bit of mayo."  It spits out a little piece of paper. Grab it and go pay for everything at the register and WHOA, by the time you are done paying for everything, your hoagie is ready.
Is it the best hoagie? Nope, but for it's ridiculously cheap price, it's the best hoagie for the price.
This is in a central downtown city location so it can be very busy during morning and lunch breaks.I ordered a meatball sub. Patrice, one of the sandwich makers, told me that they were out of meatballs. She suggested something else. I said the bbq chicken cheesesteak. She said ok pay for your ticket and other items and I'll make it. So I did and I waited about five minutes. Meanwhile I hear higher numbers than mine being called out. So I go up to Patrice asking about my sandwich. She says yes I made it it's down here. So she asked this guy who is also a sandwich maker "Where is number 887? Did you see it?" He says "Yeah they picked it up." Patrice says "No they didn't. She's right there." So he says nonchalantly "Oh well someone else picked it up." Patrice told him "That's why you have to look at the tickets." He said "I did." Patrice says obviously you didn't because she didn't get her sandwich. So Patrice proceeded to make my sandwich and called me over and said I'm going to personally hand it to you. I thanked her and left. The only reason I would ever considering going back to this Wawa is because of Patrice. She was super helpful and fixed the problem. The male sandwich maker's attitude was unacceptable. He never apologized and was totally nonchalant about giving away my food that I paid for which is unacceptable. Tickets need to be read everytime to prevent this from happening.A hankering for a hoagie hasn't ended in disappointment frequently, but this re-up was the exception. Waited 30 minutes for my sammy only to learn my order had been skipped, and had to verbally tell the chef what I needed. What the deuce!?
10 minutes later, I pop this bad boy open, and what do you know. Wrong size. Wrong meat. Wrong toppings. Wrong choice of delicatessen. Plus, from the looks of it, it got sat on. Missing out on that red meat definitely hurt wawa's reputation in my book. Two stars.I've never been to a Wawa before but it reminded me of 7 Eleven. Late night I was kind of hungry so I went across from my hotel and wanted a snack. What I thought was cool was the computer inside that you can order your sandwiches using a computer. I ordered a roast beef sandwich and it tasted great. The reason I gave it 3 stars because when I came out a couple hours later in the morning, the place shutdown for renovation and had to go on a little hike to get things during my stay.Love WAWA. Sometimes the check out ladies act like there at McDonalds by just blandly speakin and just not givin a crap but otherwise great. OH, and again as it always seems in center city,the bums and junkies that hang outside and ask for money.This Wawa is an unsurprising traffic jam at lunch time. I personally do not like the layout, which is relatively new--similar but not quite like the NJ locations. 
They're always out of iced coffee, which is actually a good thing since it has to be full of sugar and unhealthful ingredients. But I'm still repeatedly bummed. 
The input-to-delivery process is fair to strong in terms of speed, assembly of order, and customer interaction. There is one woman who receives completed orders, takes the receipt, calls the number of & the ordered item, and hands them off to customers. That's what she does, for however long, and she is conscious and friendly, yet so methodical. Precision. 
The register is less successful in this way. Like the meandering traffic patterns that take shape. Exiting is a pressure release of relief when flitting through the door.Oh, what would my grad school experience be without the Wawa? I remember school orientation, our associate dean said the Wawa is the center of the school's little universe. Let me tell you...when you stumble half drunk out of Marathon across the street and have the munchies, this place will save your life. When you're pulling weird hours at the library next door, THIS PLACE WILL SAVE YOUR SANITY!
Every other time, their sandwiches are surprisingly good for a 24 hour glorified convenience store. Their selection of stuff to munch on can't be beat. Sometimes, I try to find excuses to stop by so I can grab a tastykake or a banana before class.Love it here! Never really had an issue with an order or an incredibly long line. Food is great!!! I come in weekly and will continue to do soNever been to a Wawa before but had always heard amazing things. This was a great first experience. The touchscreen sandwich ordering system is amazing and efficient.
The checkout lines weren't bad. There were also a ton of cops inside, so I guess they love Wawa as well.
And the prime rib sandwich was exactly what I needed after a long night of drinking.
I wish we had Wawa in NY.Food was good here.  This was our first time at a WaWa and it was as expected.   I like that they have plenty of options on the menu.  
Super street credit goes to Leo the WaWa employee whom I assisted in breaking up a bum fight.  The bum in the blue jump suit had the upper hand over the bum wearing black denim pants with a dark shirt.  It was very apparent blue jump suit was going to dominate so Leo at my request went outside with me to quickly disperse the altercation.  The only reason the jump suit and the hard headed black denim left was the threat of police being contacted.  Both lived to fight another day, but I am sure more then egos were bruised.  Thanks to Leo, my family and I could safely skip down Walnut to the safe haven of Independence Hall.I have been going to wawa my whole life. The service at this particular one is awful....all the time. I work in the area so I venture here often. The employees are miserable and don't say anything to you. They suck at making sandwiches and it takes them about an hour to make one even when they are not busy. Usually because they are yapping about much their job sucks.Literally can't go wrong with any wawa good food good service and a half decent parking lotI love your hidden convenience. I love that you are on my way from work to everywhere. I love that your coffee is twice as good as starbucks and costs half the price. I also love that you are still standing...after they replaced both of my wawas with a 7-11 and an Old Nelson...
Never change, wa, never change.I hate this Wawa. I work a block away, and every once in a while I want to give it another chance. They always disappoint. The cashiers ignore you, you never know what line to stand in because they don't stand at a register. They stand next to each other and talk, instead. You can order a sandwich, get yourself a drink, and pay for everything and your sandwich still won't be done (when there's no on else waiting) They are truly terrible and the slowest moving employees I've ever witnessed. They are seriously in slow motion - I could never go in there before work, i would be late.Super convenient! I come here at least once a week to get a turkey hoagie. It is 24 hours and usually the only place open when you're hungry in the wee hours of the morning. They have a variety of food options beside hoagies like bowls, burritos, paninis, breakfast, smoothies, specialty coffees, etc.It's just a regular Wawa. They have things Wawa usually has.
I don't think any Wawa ever deserves 4 stars, but I felt like I should add an extra to counteract all the bad ratings.
There aren't five panhandlers outside like Broad and Walnut usually has.
Every time I've been here, it hasn't been busy. They always have Double Dutch Chocolate Milk (way better than the regular) since Broad and Walnut never has it.Stopped in on a cold night to pick up some coffee. The staff in there was very friendly, and I was able to get in and out pretty quickly. On the downside, there is no restroom available for customers.
The store itself is very nice, though - updated and modern-looking.The employees at this Wawa are rockstars. Its always really busy, and the line wraps around the coffee station, but they get people in and out the door super fast. The sandwich makers are quick too.
I frequent this Wawa at least 5 times a week... usually lunch, sometimes breakfast. I think I need rehab or something.Tried ordering from my phone for the first time. Food came out very close to what I ordered but I think they forgot my peppers. This Wawa gets super packed during lunch time so try to avoid lunch rush hour. I got chicken salad bowl with a bunch of vegetables. Tasted good and will definitely recommend.Location Location location. I love Wawa, I love wawa all the time. I'm from the Jersey shore and we have wawa's every three blocks (kinda like starbucks in the city). This wawa gets CRAZY busy because it is located right smack in the middle of a bunch of major hospitals, and office buildings and oh right- it's a Wawa which means it is great and cheap and people love it. So be careful at lunch time because this one gets a bit out of control, but underneath the hundreds of people, it's still a beautiful friendly Wawa waiting to make your day better for only the cost of your hoagie.True convenience! A walkable Wawa for everyone in the area. They have whatever you want 24 hours a day. From hoagies filled with turkey and guacamole (yes, they have that now!) to baked goods, packaged foods, drinks, and - my favorite - milkshakes (from real ice cream!). I have been getting food at Wawa for years and this store is well worth it.
Specifics about this store: it has a lot of space and productes, including two PNC ATMs (for when the PNC Bank down the street has a line). Around mealtimes a lot of people from Jefferson Hospital come hear to eat so there are plenty of lines.
Bike parking is available out front for those commuters.High traffic area guarantees that this store makes money hand over fist despite the lack of customer service. The associates behind the counter take their sweet time slopping your sandwich together as they piss and moan about life. The D league of Wawas.Please don't go into wawa expecting food that will blow your mind.  It's a deli, after all.  What you will get is fresh bread, quality lunchmeat, and decent hot food for a very cheap price.  To me, Wawa is a step above 7-11 or Circle K (if you're from the south).  The macaroni and cheese is surprisingly good as are their pre-made breakfast sandwiches.  With a free ATM, decent food, and a location half a block from work, I frequent this Wawa a lot and I'm never disappointed.This Wawa is just like every other Wawa...but what makes it special, is its constant rotation of medical professionals on their break, which is highly convenient in the low-chance event that you should slip on a pickle and choke on your hoagie. 
SAFEST WAWA IN PHILLY!wawas are open 24 hours... i can't think of much else in philly that is. that makes them awesome. i'm not crazy about their coffee but it's not awful. i love how in the deli that you now can get spinach, cucumbers, and roasted red peppers, making for a mean veggie hoagie. now, i'm not 100% positive that their bread is vegan, but i don't see why it wouldn't be. i don't feel too bad about not checking because i only get a veggie hoagie once in a blue moon. maybe someone can find out...
what i do feel bad about is dissing the unofficial door person whenever i come here. it's like that at the other wawa at 2nd and south, too. oh well.Now that I no longer live in Center City Philadelphia with this Wawa location being within walking distance to where I used to live, all I can do is become nostalgic about Wawa.
As many have mentioned, we have all found Wawa to be convenient during any hour of the day or night. There are many scenarios/stories/memories I must share with you:
1) You can always grab an energy drink prior to major study sessions.
2) Buying a bottle of orange juice and a granola bar late at night for your game day breakfast on exam day. Whilst doing this, you get asked to go home with someone who is clearly drunk from celebrating Thirsty Thursday at Marathon Grill.
3) I want to make an omelette but I don't feel like going all the way to the grocery store. Yes, Wawa has eggs!
4) They have healthy eating options too? I think I might just grab some veggies for a snack. Sadly, these are located right next to all the candy.
5) My guilty pleasure: breaded chicken sandwich.
6) I still use the Wawa coffee cup I bought 4 years ago.
Now that I live in NJ and I have to drive to find a Wawa. So inconvenient.Usually I drive past a wawa to go to Starbucks to get a green tea latte or something along those lines. (Oh fancy pants please)!  The other day I was at my parent's house and they grabbed wawa coffee for everyone - OMGigi, I had forgotten how wonderful basic $1.50 wawa coffee could be.  That was on Saturday, and since then I've needed wawa coffee everyday.  
Yesterday, I went to this location during my lunchbreak - I went to the French vanilla coffee machine and a few little pathetic drops dribbled out, I headed to my second choice hazelnut - the same.  I asked the woman behind the counter if there was a fresh brew - she said it would be ready in 4 minutes.  Figuring that a normal Starbucks line is at least 5-10 minutes - I decided to wait it out.  Long story short - the manager (Kyle) saw me waiting and I guess he realized that his coffee girl must have been sleeping on the job, since none of the pots were refilled.  The manager not only made sure I got my French vanilla coffee, he also comped it, for the inconvenience ... Waaay above and beyond!!  Talk about good ole wawa customer service!I love wawa but this location seems to have the d team making the sandwiches around lunch time.  When I unwrap my sandwich I have to practically build it myself. They cut the bread then close it and put the meat and toppings on top of the closed bread! It's like they're handing me a sack of ingredients and I have to assemble it.  I've been here at night and the employees making the sandwiches do a great job but at lunch its a completely different story. Over the course of about 6 months this has happened to me at least 5 times. Hopefully whoever the sandwich "artist" doing this is found and trained properly or maybe have that person make pizzas.My friends and I came here purely for the name. Wa-wa it just sounds so funny doesn't it? Upon walking it's just like a 7-11 but slighty fancier. There's coffee, slurpees, soda, chips, candy, and an area for sandwiches.A hidden gem - and the guy who makes the coffee and milkshakes deserves an extra star for the speed at which you get your order. After loosing the will to live in various Starbucks establishments while they act out their "I'm so cool" servers skit, I got hot delicious coffee fast and it was perfect. Their milkshakes are excellent, and their current two breakfast buns/croissants/bagels for just over 3 bucks is  a gift. The girls at the tills are friendly and fast. Thank you Wawa for a delicious breakfast every day.I go to this Wawa often and its hit or miss depending on the staff. The employees behind the cash registers are usually very nice, engaging and polite. The ones behind the counter making to the food are not. Approach them at your own risk. If looks could kill...
The store is not very big, but has all the essentials. It's kept clean for the most part and always properly restocked. I've only had one instance where my order was made incorrectly. I ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich and got a meatball one. The receipt attached to the sandwich was correct but the order inside was not.
Be prepared to be harassed for money whenever you're walking in. Homeless people post themselves outside holding to door in the hopes on getting some change on your way out.This is the little Wawa on Walnut St.  it's in a good location for the hospital and local businesses, but parking is absolutely impossible.  Also, the late nite and overnight employees there seem to be more interested in chatting among themselves, rather than assisting customers.  Still, you can't beat Wawa for their great food and convenience.  It's a wonderful place at anytime of day or night.One word....Arghhhhhhh!!!! I went to this location on my lunch break and ordered the soup and sandwich combo. Great deal if they got my order correct. I opted for the broccoli and cheddar soup with a chicken salad sandwich with a side of pickles.  What I got was the potato soup with bacon, a barely there chicken salad sandwich with no pickles on the side. Now while it didn't take long for me to receive my order I would have been pleased if they would have taken the time to get my order right.  The soup I had to trash because I don't eat potatoes or bacon Money down the drain.  I can't really comment about the sandwich because there was more bread, lettuce and tomatoes than there was chicken salad...very disappointing visit.This wawa location has the best peaches! The meatballs are mouthwatering and are always so saucy! Pretzels are moist and melt in your mouthWaWa is my go to when traveling for business!They have amazing sandwiches, Fajitas, coffee and a large assortment of other products! Their quick, convenient and affordable. Which is something you don't normally see with franchise convenience stores! It's always a pleasure as the staff is friendly, professional and extremely customer oriented! Hands down, WaWa is the best chain/franchise convenient store I've ever been to. Five stars for WaWa!! I'd give them ten stars if it were possible!! Keep up the great work WaWa!!I went to the new Wawa over by the expressway next to the bridge. I've been there twice to get a sandwich, and both times the woman that were in charge to not make a sandwich. I asked for oregano to be placed on my sandwich with oil and I know this that she was placing the oregano on the turkey meat. That is not the proper way to make a hoagie. Both times I brought a hoagie I had to experience the same type of problem. These women need to be trained on how to make hoagies. It is Management's fault. This is a new store and the people should be on top of what's going on. It's appalling to feel like you in a place of distress when you want just a sandwich. Some nights when I go there to get a soda it's filled with people and the people making the sandwiches are not experience. Help these people get experience. I was the manager of a store for a number of years and these people are in distress because you are putting the customers in distress. Because I'm not going to get another hoagie from Wawa until this situation is handled.[797]
I was in the area so stopped in for a few menu items.
It's a smaller Philly Wawa but the major staple items are here.  Plenty of hot coffee and tons of breakfast items available.
The check out line moved quick.
No parking lot or gas station.
I'll be back.So, this is MY Wawa. 
Because when all fails, there's always Wawa, you know. When it's time to eat, I don't need much to be happy: sandwich/hoagie and a coffee. It is win/win. 
I come here at least once a week, for either breakfast Panini/Burrito (available 5am-11am), Hoagie, Quesadilla, or just for coffee (not my 1st coffee choice- even though I read somewhere that Wawa's coffee is No. 8 coffee seller in the country).
- Tip: Dont miss the Turkey Gobbler during the Holidays.
This store was recently renovated. Personally, I don't like the new layout, it is poor-designed. One obvious flaw is that the checkout area is located right between the front door and ordering kiosks. It is inefficient and impractical, rather than speedy and efficient, specially that there's no space to linger. 
Lunch-time? Late-night? This Wawa is a madhouse. But C'mon, when you're feeling down, just remember the fact that Wawa exist. 
Service? Staff attitude? It's a hit or miss.
QUICK NOTE: Wawa's name comes from the town of Wawa, Delaware County. 
Three and Three Quarters Yelps.One of the WORST of the now too many Wawa's in Philly. HORRIBLY managed ALWAYS slow and understaffed for the amount of traffic it gets! Used to be great... TERRIBLE Manager!!!!!!!!I've only been in here for the iced tea, coffee, sizzlis, and hoagies (grinder/hero/sub/etc?).  I usually don't go to convenience stores - but when I do, I shop like a guy and go straight for what I need (is that for real or a myth, guys?).
However, my peripheral vision is halfway decent:
1) Pastry Cabinet: looked ... ok. Pass.
2) Refrigerated Area: fruit, salad, sandwiches. Better options nearby. Pass.
2) Sizzli Station: warming boxes by cashiers. Many combos - make sure you grab the right one: (turkey/ham/sausage/bacon with egg and cheese on bagel/biscuit/croissant/muffin/french toast). These disappear quick!  Leave me a croissant!
3) Coffee Station: A lot of flavor options and ample counter space to tweak your drink. 
Good:
- Touchscreen sandwich ordering system. It prints out a numbered ticket. Pay at cashier before redeeming sandwich.  Don't newbie-derp it like I did!
- Open 24H!
Eh:
- Popular location = long lines during peak munchie times, but the folks make good time considering each order is tweaked to be unique.
- Weird queue system: 2 cashiers per side (?) with varying checkout speed.  More often than not, you're in the slow line.
Limited Time/Seasonal/Rare Rotating Goodies:
- Wawa Free Coffee Day!
- Hoagiefest!
- 2 for $3 Sizzlis!Don't go here. Rude people working. Don't explain to the customer why they don't make food even though they are open 24 hr. I'll give them no star if I could.I went to wawa 
tonight.  There was woman here that used to work at brooklawn  she used to trash the company I stopped going there.  I went to Gloucester city to get food.  She trashed the company there.  I just wanted a dinner without someone trashing 
the company.  She was at brooklawn.  I stopped going there for her negativity.  Now I got it at another store from the same womanThis Wawa is one of the many reasons I like Philly. They make everything so damn convenient! Want a made-to-order sub 24/7? They can do that. Want to order it on a computer so you can wander the store and not wait on a long line? Sure, they'll rock that. .99cent ATM? OK. 
Never been to Wawa? Imagine 7-11 and Subway merged together but improved their subs and the quality of, well, everything else. That my friends, is Wawa. 
The kicker would be if they sold beer.Wawa-think 'Buckeyes' of the north except much smaller and cheaper. 
Wawa is a convenience store riddled across philly and in my honest opinions definitely a must go to in philly. Locals will groan at mention of it but don't mind them.
Wawa was a saving grace for last minute meals and supplies. They serve your standard gas station items but also make fresh sandwiches and smoothies. In my time, I got an avocado bacon sandwich, chipotle chicken sub, spicy italian sub, mango smoothie, mango peach smoothie, mango sorbet and lemonade sorbet. All amazing!
5 star quality for reasonable prices. Sandwiches were $7-8 and smoothies were only $2 for 24oz. To be honest these smoothie prices were the best part of this while experience. Philly is a walking city, why not pop in grab a cheap, high quality smoothie to keep cool?
I probably went to Wawa 5x in my entire trip. I don't regret it. I recommend you go as well
Food: 4/5
Bang/Buck: 5/5I've been so curious about the wawa burgers and I definitely enjoyed it! It tastes like what you would get in a backyard BBQ in the sense that it's not greasy and the ingredients seems very fresh 
One thing to note- it was cooked just the way I wanted but I feel like some people might prefer it to be more rare but there is no option to adjust the preparation/temp/styleI wasn't going to review a Wawa originally. But with so many disappearing in Center City I'm hoping that my doing so will be enough to appease the sandwich gods to the point that some of them stick around for the long haul.
Love it or hate it you can't help but find yourself going to a Wawa for it's overwhelming convenience. They know how to make a killer sandwich. provide moderately good coffee 24/7, offer addicting iced teas in large sizes, and provide you with plenty of your vices. And if your like me then Wawa probably hooks you up with at least one of your guilty pleasures. As for me I love mixing up their many coffee and cappuccino varieties until I come up with my own caffeinated creation.
But while it's highly convenient on most fronts, there are things that it could offer more of. To this day I am super surprised to say that 7-11 has more vegetarian options than Wawa. Hell I'm pretty sure that Wawa only has one salad that doesn't have meat in it. But the last time I went to 7-11 I was munching on a veggie chicken salad sandwich. If they can bring them in pre-made and wrapped up, then think of what Wawa could do if they jumped on that wagon in their deli section. it would be much better than the pile of lettuce on a roll that they consider a veggie sandwich. It would also be pretty cool if they had more than one kind of breakfast sandwich that didn't have pork in it. 
But in the long haul I'm still happy to say that it's my choice, my Wawa. now hopefully no more leave.Great stop close to the airport if you need to refuel you rental car.  The gas prices are not too jacked-up and the store is typical Wawa.  This will be a regular gas stop for me when returning to the rental car pavillion at PHL.Eat your heart out, 7-Eleven !
As a Californian, I am partial to 7-Eleven. But Wawa is just like 7-Eleven on crack. The sandwiches are number one across the board and there is no way to mess up the order since your order them yourself on the kiosk. Genius. I am hooked to the chai tea lattes and there is also fresh fruit and lots of little candies for super responsible adults like me.
This is the location that I frequent the most, and it is always super busy super clean and super tasty. I love you, Wawa. Yes I do.This place has everything you need as well as a long line for gas or parking.  Be prepared to wait but don't forget about the convenience of items they have available.  I've been to Wawa for years but don't have them in Texas where I live.  So when I do come to Philly, I know what Wawa has.  But now they have even more.  This Wawa has an electronic system to order your hoagies, sandwiches so order this FIRST and then get whatever else you need.  This saves you time.  
Also get a Philly pretzel and tastykake because you will be impressed.  These will make you come back again and again.love the location of this station relative to the airport.  sometimes the receipt paper hasn't been in the machine but most I am in and out without incident.  do wish they would pickup the trash and run off the kids begging at the pumps.This Wawa the managers are rude to the employees and yell at them in from of customers!how ever the food is goodGotta love a gas station where there is some serious dance music blasting in the bathroom!!! It was like my own little potty-break dance party! lol  Seriously, clean place, clean restrooms and gas way cheaper than in the downtown area. This was the place we stopped at to refill our rental car before heading back to the airport. Great place to buy snacks too!Great location when going to the airport, especially when returning a rental car. Price of gas seemingly not inflated.Wish we had this chain in Wisconsin!  
Love the ability to order a sandwich or other food just the way you like it from a kiosk I ordered, paid and picked up my fresh sandwich in a matter of minutes.  
My club sandwich was great!  Much better than the fast food options for a late night bit to eat.Shout out to Josh who made the sandwich que run smoothly tonight despite the fact that they were so understaffed. My shorti was spot on and ready in 4 minutes. I felt bad for the staff because it's clear management doesn't care about staffing this place correctly.This is the "go to" stop to get gas in your rental car right before you hit the Philadelphia airport. Safe area, clean store. Nice restrooms. It is a gas station / convenience mart, but one of the nicer ones I have seen. Always pleased with this "pit stop" and I love that they blast pop music in the bathroom! Too funny!My favorite Wawa. Always stop here on my way to John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge. They make great sandwiches. Everything is always fresh. The place is always packed because of its location but never experienced any significant delay in getting food or checking out at the cashier.Oh wawa. I love you. I wish you would come to Texas. 
They have a great food and beverage selection. There's a deli. They have pretzels. It's super close to the airport so you can fill up your rental car tank. 
It's clean. Bathrooms aren't scary. I hope the locals appreciate this place!04/07/18 This is one of the slowest wawa ever and no it was not busy when I was in there. I never wait over 10 mins for a sandwhich even on a busy day at other wawa. This place at first was nice when it first open the service was fast store was clean, and now it's been going down hill ever since. I'm usually in there between 5am and 6am. The last few times I've been in there the coffee area is messy and not stock. I wait over 10 mins for a sandwhich. I'm very disappointed with this wawa.First of all, I have been to this Wawa several times although this is my first review. I'm here at least once a week because it is so close to where I live. I primarily come for gas and they always have good prices compared to others in the area. However this Wawa is also close to the airport and is pretty much the only game in this area so you get all the airport rental cars, airport pickups/drop offs as well as locals like me. What that translates to is a very crowded parking lot and because of the neighborhood conflicts over who was at the pump first. I nearly had an altercation myself with someone who scooped my pump. That is until I learned the system. Tip: never hand around the pump, pull in directly behind the pump you want. I tried to position myself to back in because my gas tank is in the passenger side and a guy pulled in behind the person already in which made it look like I didn't know which pump I was going to. I'm not much a Wawa fan so this is strictly out of convenience.Very close to the airport. Makes for the ideal fill up before turning in the rental car. Lots off gas pumps, competitive pricing and close to the highway. 
I will be sure to wait to fill up here on any other trips to the airport and suggest you do the same.Mega-wawa! 
They really seemed to have a bit of everything here.  If you're staying at a nearby airport hotel, you can come here and do all your shopping, get a meal, fill up with gas.  Hell, for all I know you could get your haircut and your shoes shined!
This place is very busy, but it seemed to be very clean and well run.  I was there on a busy Friday night and if I worked in a place like this with a bunch of crazy people coming in all night, I'd probably want to stick an ice pick through my eye but the cashier who rang me up was friendly and efficient.
Great Wawa.I'm so happy this location is near philly international where my jobs it's convenient for food & atm if I need it , so can't be happierIt's the closest and most convenient gas station to the Philadelphia international airport. This is especially if you are returning a rental car with a full tank. All the pumps work as advertised and the store is clean and stocked. No complaints here!Gas only $2.87...a surprise for me considering how close to the airport it is.  Nice, clean facilities.  Definitely like the convenience.  Easy to get to from the highway.Every time I go in here between 430am and 5am the Coffee island is always dirty. Also the premise coffee dispenser is broken. I only drink really so today I went in wanting Tea their was a canister that said water.... I got my tea, 5 honeys green tea... However, the taste of coffee was was within my tea which can only come from a unclean facility that's unable to keep things sanitary.  The days of Wawa having a Food Safety Mgrs.are over.   Wawa u speak of quality, but how much has that went to the waste side for profits...If you are a refugee at the Hampton Inn, then this is your shining star at the top of the hill.  You're sole beacon of light that will get you food (when Ruby Tuesday locks door early, and told they do it a lot)
This is like a Sheets on the western side of the state.  They have made to order sandwiches, chips, pop, the stuff of survival skills in the travel world.  Even at 10pm Sunday, they were fully staffed.  Extremely friendly and only lacked alcohol for a better rating.   A good stop and five minute walk from  Hampton InnNice location. Well stocked with the usual products sold in Wawa, including their own... However, in regard to their deli service- more particularly, their sandwich order they could definitely stand much improvement. They cant seem to get the orders right and have made their third strike with me. I'm done with this Wawa and will going elsewhere for sandwiches.Clean, spacious, friendly, and good food!
Lives up to Wawa's high standards, fo sho. 
I got a small bowl of chili and a Shorti Gobbler. I have no complaints at all! They were done with my food in a very reasonable time (pretty fast, imo). Everything was yummy (as usual with Wawa) especially that chili! I have a little cold going on, so this warm & hearty soup was just what I needed.
I'm just so happy to have found a Wawa in SW Philly. I've lived in SW for over 20 years! How am I just discovering this out?!
P.S. I've taken Wawa's large parking lots for granted...until I lived in University City for a couple years. Ugh, I hate paying for parking! But that's not a problem here! Probably would be tough in the mornings as SO many people get their morning coffee and newspaper, but I came around 5 on a Saturday, and there were PLENTY of spots. LOVE IT!I picked up my car from the airport and was looking for gas at 8pm during the work week. This place was the closest source of gas so I stopped by, parked at a pump and started putting gas in my car. Someone then yells over the intercom "WE'RE CLOSED!" and shuts off my pump. Way to shoot yourself in the foot Wawa and lose a paying customer!Always there when you need them. Made to order sandwiches and good coffee at 2 a.m. on a weekday. You can't beat that with a stick.I'm pretty impressed.  I haven't been to a Wawa in years and decided to pick up a hoagie today. Well people now order things from the deli online.  Granted I don't live here anymore but I was blown away.  I live in Texas and at least where I live we don't have this yet.This location is right across from the airport and next to several hotel chains. I'm an avid Wawa fan. The associates were friendly and helpful especially the cashier, and they had a full stock of fresh Sizzlis at 8am.  They made my drink perfectly. Since this location is in Philly, they had a special on Tastycakes 2 for $2. Win! The only downside was that the bathrooms needed some TLS (tender lovin scrubbin).
Overall, I think this is a convenient location because it's next to plenty of hotels and the airport. Plus, they are open 24 hours which is helpful for early/late flights.This place is mad busy all the time!  True, I was only in the area overnight this time for work but every time I drove by there were cars and people everywhere.  I did have to come here for gas before returning my rental and I was in line for about 10 minutes.  I wanted to go in to buy snacks for my flight but I couldn't find a single spot in their well-sized lot.  
Gas prices are reasonable according the prices everywhere else and it's the usual great selection and choices of just about everything road-trip worthy inside.  Everything looked clean, maintained and well-organized.  I noticed a lot of hotel patrons walk here rather than relying on over-priced hotel restaurants.   Seriously, if PA alcohol laws weren't what they are and this place could sell beer and wine, this Wawa would be complete and a huge success here due to its proximity to hotel captives.  
I wish we had the smallest piece of this chain over on the west coast.  They could teach 7-Eleven and even big guys like Love's a lesson.Great location with easy access on and off 95 and 291 ... This Jersey girl managed to pump her own gas and be on her merry little way without incident.  Prices weren't as high as I anticipated.  
In the past, I have stopped here to pick up a sandwich and snacks before heading to a Phillies game.  It's pretty consistent with what you expect from a Wawa.First, this is not a restaurant. It came up on my Yelp restaurant search. There is nowhere to sit and eat. This is a gas station food store. 
That said the sandwiches are good. Order through the computer then pay. You can then puck up your sandwich.Decent location to run in and grab a quick snack or drink.  Staff was quick and friendly, the place was clean and selection was decent.Great super wawa cLoser to PHL.  I use this place often when dropping off or picking up at the airport. 
Great stop for a quick bite, coffee, etc.  And then go pick up your passenger. 
Friendly folks too!always quick with the food even thro it stays busy and the team is alway niceThis location very convenient especially if your working at airport plus everything in their is freshVery busy place. The traffic to the pumps is completely unregulated. It's one pump in a row type, so the pump may be approached from the behind of the station, so it's easy to collide. Really, regulation of traffic is required, as well as security management, I don't know whether they have CCTV to prevent the crimes. Got into high-pitch argue, the opponent went psychotic, assaulted me, about 2 pm, no security guys, only some assistants went out. But they still couldn't to regulate the queue. Real paradise for psychotic and criminals. Kid was selling cold water, running from vehicle to vehicle. Real mess.Worst wawa ever.  Very dirty. Feet sticking to the floor, bathrooms closed, long lines, out of a lot of items. I had to walk out. It's a busy store but that's not an excuse, it should be staffed to handle the traffic.Coming from LA where there's a 7-11 on every corner, going into a Wawa was pretty impressive.  This one is super close to the airport, with a big parking lot.
They have all the beer, soda, ice cream, cigarettes, snacks, candy, chips, etc. that a 7-11 does, but they also make sammiches to order, & have warm, freshly made breakfast sammiches (on bagels, biscuits, croissants or english muffins), and even hash browns that are ready to grab & go.  I even saw a milkshake mixer and a freezer full of frozen shakes, that you can just blend yourself & take to go.  Neato!
The turkey sausage, egg white & cheese on a soft bagel and chubby soft pretzel were perfect to take on my crazy early morning flight home.  6am, & they were stocked & ready for the morning rush!
If you're in town & need something fast, yet a step up from fast food, this is the place.This establishment need new management because it never fails everything is expired ! The salads are slimy the fruit aren't any better even the nuts it's ridiculous ! As a team all of you need to do your jobs because it's no way this location is still open.Worse wawa I have ever been to. Absolutely disgusting. Trash everywhere on floors, outside, bathrooms, door are dirty and the food was terrible. On top of all this, the service was the worst. I ordered a chicken soup and it took them 15 mins to make.Need a receipt? Don't go to this Wawa where the they are too cheap to to put receipt paper in the pumps. But if you like filthy hell holes you should definitely go here.Stop here before the airport!
Perfect place to stop to refill the rental car with gas. Located right off of the interstate and PHL airport roads. 
Service was quick. Ordered a hoagie and it was great- typical wawa Italian hoagie. Employees were friendly and fast. 
Clean store and fully stocked. 
Lots of parking available and many gas pumps too!Trash place smoothies is trash and customer service is super trash. Philly gpt to do betterThis is the worst wawa I've ever been too. Messed up my order moronically bad and instead of coffee I have a cup of creamer...Closest gas station to the airport, so this location gets a lot of traffic during the "rush" hours when commuters are returning their cars. It's not exactly close, so when someone likes me only remembers that they need to refill the tank just as they've pulled into the airport properly, it's a short drive and across the Interstate.
Surprisingly, the gas is market price. I checked with the GasBuddy app and other stations were within a cent or two of this one.
Pumps are wide, but only enough for two cars to pass. Receipt printer works fine.
I didn't go in, but from the outside the convenience store looked pretty good.This was my last stop before heading to the airport to turn in my rental car. I had picked up the car with a full tank of gas, and to avoid the exorbitant fees that Enterprise charges for bringing back cars with less fuel, I stopped by here to fuel up the tank.
This gas station sits less than five minutes from the airport. I found that just about all other customer here were in my same situation, or on their way to pick up/drop off people. 
Although the place was packed, I was able to find a pump rather quickly. I fueled up, and headed to the airport. Fortunately, my time here was short and sweet.This is probably the worse Wawa I been too. The workers are not friendly and welcoming. My food was poorly made and they hardly keep the shelves and fridge stocked.[649]
I really want to give this wawa a higher rating. The deli counter staff was really nice 
This location has gas pumps and is near the airport and close to route 95.
The parking lot is super busy due to its location (near nothing in walking distance)
The bad part.  Floors were dirty that I thought ew.   Outside there were two homeless people camped out.  Very comfortable sitting on the floor with signs.
Felt weird walking past them when I went in and out.   
Will I be back?  Not unless I really have toghetto ghetto ghetto, ordered online order took additional 20 min after my order was placedLove Wawa!! We stopped in here because all the local restaurants had 1 hour + wait times. The staff here are super friendly, and they have a great selection of snacks and such, in addition to the deli/cafe. 
I ordered a chicken bacon quesadilla using the kiosk and did some shopping and purchased my items while waiting. The food was ready in about 5 minutes. Great flavor and perfect size (and cheap too!). They also have a great selection of drinks, including some new items we were excited to try
Join the wawa rewards program!They're off to a really bad start since reopening. First time there, this place gave me a sloppy sandwich, in which I asked for pickles and halipeno peppers. I received an unwrapped sandwich with hot cherry peppers and green onions.... It's photographed on the screens we order from.
Still got it wrong? Can't wrap a sandwich. I purchased a hotdog on my next visit..., they had no relish. I ordered soup last night and guess what. No crackers in the entire store.
The thing that bothers me most is their attitudes about bad service and lack of inventory.
My coworkers and I from PHL spend goo gobs of our hard earned paychecks there.., and we're tired of their stuff.Some of them young ladies that work there making sandwiches have ATTITUDES. I'm not a fan of Wawa sandwiches anyway. They are all hyped. But the attitude goes a long way with me.Both the manager and the cashier should be fired. I guess I was too slow in line when checking out because the cashier felt it necessary to shout 'OH SHE DOESNT HAVE ANY MONEY'. Is that how you treat people who want to spend money here? Honestly Wawa, f**k you.This is a great Wawa!  Super  fast, great service, friendly staff and good sandwiches!  Come here all summer on the way to our  pool.  Get lunch and gas if needed.  Clean store and even the customers are courteous!I stopped here for gas before returning my rental car. I'll never make that mistake again. The parking lot was chaos. There is no clear direction about which way to enter the pump lanes. People were driving every which way and ended up blocking each other as well as the parked cars in front of the store. It took me 20 minutes to navigate that mess, fill my pump, and find an escape route. I'd rather use that time driving to a calmer location. That's just me. The price was reasonable and the pump worked fine.I stop by here at least three days week on my way to work, the only complaint I have is the coffee bar sometimes there are sugar and cream all over the counter besides that the cashier staff are friendly and awesome!By far the worst Wawa in the city...They never have anything in stock, never get food orders right. There is always a line for gas and there is never any parking thanks to uber drivers hanging out.
If i could rate them 0 stars I would.This Wawa is always crazy busy but it is basically the best place to fill up before returning your rental car.  You almost always have to wait for a pump to open but quicker and safer than other locations.  They have Covid practices in place so masks are required.Ok so it's hard not to like Wawa but this store has the worst employees. Not nice unfriendly with 0 customer service. Today they were out of napkins can you believe that. When I asked they said " we ain't got napkins take a paper towel". Avoid if possible but I know people will still come here!! Just had to put my two cents in...My dad stopped here while in the area as was close to his hotel. He ordered a Toasted Classic Cheese Steak Sandwich and to him it was the best he's ever tasted. He also ordered a Chef's Salad and thought that it was so so, nothing special.
For the Sandwhich he thoguht the $4.99 price was worth it as he liked it very much. However for the mediocre Chef's Salad, the $4.99 price point was ridiculous. $4.99 for a mediocre salad!?
The customer service here though was excellent. The people behind the counter who made my sandwhich were very friendly and attentative to my needs.