Insanely cheap specials that are available all the time, not just happy hour. $3 drinks and super cheap, but high quality food. Definitely a go-to whenever we're thinking about where to hang out after work.Went last weekend with my fiance. Decided on the brunch special. Getting there around 11:15,11:30ish was perfect as it really didn't fill up until we were almost done our meal. 
Our waitress was really awesome the whole time and brought us menus plus the coffee and hot, fresh donuts right away...which are addicting by the way.
For our main courses we decided on shrimp & grits and the breakfast sandwich with sausage. All were excellent and I honestly was able to barely eat the last little bit that remained. Our drinks consisted of vodka cocktails, mimosas, sangria, and beer all of which were as expected. Though I am a Coors Light girl, I did venture into their draft list a little bit. 21st Amendment Back in Black packs a little stronger a punch at about 7%, fer sure.I recommend it. 
Bill came to about $66 after the service charge and taxes since we got a couple more drinks after the brunch deal. 
They have board games and stuff by the way, too. Didn't participate, but, will return,I love it! This place will give me a reason to travel west.  We went on a Monday night and it was pretty empty, but the space is incredible and I love how it really feels like a beer garden. The one woman working was awesome, Sara, and she gave us a tour of the place. It's enormous!-the big open room, a separate dining room with a bar, an entire upstairs but two more rooms. It would be a great space for a party. I love the rustic feel. 
I like that they don't do tabs and it's pay as you go. For me it relieves the whole anxiety of "oh man how high is our check gonna be."
And I don't exactly feel comfortable NOT tipping but it's also kind of cool the servers get a standard high hourly wage. It's definitely seems to be such a different system then the norm but I like it. 
So many little cute things about this new spot- all the plates, mugs, and silverware are all mix matched from thrift stores, instead of table numbers when you order food they put a funny animal picture, upstairs there's a small arcade that looks fun to chill at with a group of people.
We had the summer ale on tap but I'd really like to try a cocktail next time. My friend had the giant hot dog (I didn't try because I hate mustard but it looked awesome) comes with corn nuts which were weird but cool. I got the pork belly fries and they were SO banging (had cheese curds in them!) And then we split the mac and cheese, which was pretty great.
Everything about this place seems pretty awesome, reasonably priced perfect drink selection and resonably priced delicious food. Can't wait to come back and try more stuff and on the menu and brunch!I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night and I had a solid experience. After having my ID meticulously examined by the bouncer, I walked into William Street Common and did a double take. Every time I'd been to Drinker's in the past, I used to wonder why the place seemed so empty but it may have been because the venue was just so huge. But with William Street Common, they really made the most out of all that space and turned the place into something really cool. I really liked the interior - with the communal tables and lighting. 
I didn't order anything to eat so I can't review the food but I noticed they had a decent selection so I'll be back to try some of it. We got a pitcher of beer for $20 which was enjoyable, no major complaints about the drink selection or quality. 
Minus one star for the "no tip" policy at William Street Common. They even clip a small card onto their menus saying they don't accept tips and that they know it makes them different. I'm all for restaurants/bars having a personality of their own but this whole "no tip" policy just rubbed me the wrong way. You can't say you don't accept tips and brand yourself as different when all you do is charge a 20% service fee. It's deceptive and I honestly was less excited about the place when I realized that's what they do. Sure, it's sexy to be different and say you don't charge tip but it's not true. You do charge tip, it's 20%, and you just call it a service charge.Since this place is fairly new, a couple of my friends wanted to try the brunch special. Needless to say, it was great. The food is delicious (I ordered waffles) and exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend for anyone who wants a nice brunch option in university city. The atmosphere is casual and they even have board games if your friends are up for it.This place is AWESOME for brunch. I still can't believe the value. For less than $25, I had three mixed drinks, and an omelette with goat cheese, endless coffee, a bottomless donut basket, and breakfast potatoes. The food and drinks were fantastic, but the service was super slow. We had to ask the waitress for literally everything and find her to get what we needed. Not sure what is going on with that, perhaps someone didn't show up for work or they need to hire more waitresses. Still though, this place is awesome!Imagine a college mess hall crossed with an old-fashioned, pier-side pub. Not an ordinary cafeteria, but a fancier, old-school dining hall, with solid wood paneling and large tables with benches, good for large groups of people. Now dim the lights, add a bar, and string up some lights, and you've got yourself a pretty darned cool-looking late-night hang out like William Street Common.
Cool thing about this place -- no tipping! You pay up front for everything, gratuity is included, and they accept card for everything. Pretty convenient, although the bill does end up being slightly higher than expected due to the included tip. I had the BBQ short rib mac & cheese and the wheat (beer). The beer was great and the mac & cheese was OK also -- although it's definitely the runnier kind (literally dripping with liquefied, melted cheese), rather than being the drier, baked kind. For $13, not sure if I'd make the mac & cheese a regular thing, but I definitely wouldn't mind the beer.
Overall an interesting new place, with a cool young (mostly college-aged) crowd. Not a bad spot!This place is very cheap, they have good beer, and a nice atmosphere. I'm always surprised it doesn't get more crowded. The food, typical bar food, is good but not great.I am not sure why this place wasn't packed on a Sunday! They have a great concept, well cooked food and great service. 
I went with two friends and was pleasantly surprised by the concept. Their prix fixe brunch features bottomless coffee and homemade donuts. I don't drink coffee, but I can tell you the donuts were delicious and as a table, we ate about 3 rounds. Along with coffee and donuts, you get three drinks (can be wine, sangria, or other alcoholic/non-alcoholic beverages), a main entree and a side of potatoes for the table. I had the breakfast sandwich that was just meh, but the shrimp and grits and the chicken and waffles were SUPERB!
And did I mention this is a fair wage restaurant?! I will be back and this place is now my new favorite brunch spot in Philly!The dinner is not good at all. They are trying too hard to make twists to simple dishes like the nachos and not enough creativity with others like the burger. The burger was so small on a simple bun with lettuce and cheese...sooo simple for 8$. I was thoroughly confused especially since I was hungry. The nachos and cheese were like corn/cheese that was smoked but that smoked flavor was so overbearing. I like the no tip concept but for what we paid, we could have gone anywhere else for a better dinner. I would only go here for brunch and/or drinks.The system to get a drink at the bar is so stupid. Literally had to wait 10 minutes just to get a pitcher which was 5 feet from the cash register. And the employees were standing around with their arms crossed. Be warned this place is gonna take a while to get good.I visited WSC for the first time, this afternoon, for brunch. I used to frequent the Drinkers establishment that was there prior. I wanted to see what replaced it.
The Good: 
The food. that is it. The food was very good and came out fast and hot.
The Bad: 
Bare with me... I have a small list.
-Have you ever gone to an establishment and the waiter and waitress are giving amazing service and attention? They even pour your coffee for you.
This establishment doesn't practice those polite methods. The servers are paid $15 an hour as part of the equal wages act and on top of that, get a MANDATORY 20% tip added onto the check, which is why they tell you "please do not tip".
This leads me to believe the poor service is because the servers are getting paid on top of being paid regardless of how well they do their job. 
So be ready to pour your own coffee, water, and set your own place mat (I couldn't find a fork in the cups they sit the silverware in on my table so I had to grab one from the table next to me).
My server probably was in the bathroom, which is fine and understandable... People gotta pee, right? But I had to leave and she wasn't around so I brought my check to pay up to the counter and another server was pretty rude and dismissive telling me to go sit down and she'll be around soon.
Ok guys, I'm an artist. That means I've spent a nice amount of years of my life working in the foodservice industry. These servers need to give a damn about their job duties and manners or you gotta take away this self-entitled $15 wage and automatic tipping.
((My 2 Cents)) I'm for employees making the $15 equal wage if they've earned it. I also think that if they make that wage, you should not add a mandatory tip. I don't think they should get tips if they are making $15 an hour. I only make a few dollars an hour more than that working as an artist for Sega and I busted my ass through college, don't get paid tips, and I'm still held accountable for treating others like a professional and with manners. This self-entitled thing is one of the biggest jokes I've seen in a while. Earn your damn keep like the rest of us.
-The bathrooms were filthy...
-The place looks cramped and claustrophobic when it looked like a grand hall during Drinkers era. I hope You're remodeling and not leaving all of that space walled up. 
(Drops mic)Poor, poor William Street Common.  Progressively going south, despite all good intentions.   Please, please please go back to being the uber awesome Drinkers West.  Oh, how I mourn the loss of that grand, open space, with Shecky and Iggy running the bar, the KISS statues, and the best nachos in town.  You tried to fix something that wasn't broken, William Street.  Wanna prevent this place from tanking?  Bring back Drinkers West.Delicious brunch with friends for a birthday! $28.50 for 3 drinks, coffee, bottomless donuts, and a meal. The eggs Benedict was excellent- I ordered it with bacon and potatoes. Tried the mimosa and Bloody Mary and left my last token (1 per drink to give to the bartender) with a friend who stayed. Cool atmosphere with communal tables. Will definitely return here.I was really looking forward to brunch today. My girlfriend and her friends went a couple months ago and it sounded amazing. Sadly I had the worst brunch I've ever had. I was driving so I didn't want to do the 3 drink special, so I just went for some "fresh squeezed orange juice". I'm quoting from the menu as when I see this I usually think that the orange juice is fresh squeezed and not from a jug/bottle, otherwise it would just be orange juice. Nope, just some Tropicana Grovestand (or equivialent) with pulp so you think it's fresh squeezed. But this isn't the only restaurant that does this so I'm not mad, just disappointed. The free donuts weren't bad, nothing great. Were basically a little bit better version of an Entenmann's mini donut.
So I will preface this by saying maybe this is just my personal taste and is why I had the worse brunch item of my life. I ordered the sausage gravy and biscuit with soft scrambled eggs. I love sausage gravy and biscuits and when it came out it looked amazing. However the smell was really off-putting, but couldn't figure out what it was. I took a bite and realized that the sausage in the gravy was some kind of ridiculously smoked sausage/kielbasa. I like smoked sausage and I like kielbasa but this was just absolutely disgusting. You couldn't taste anything, not the eggs, not the biscuit or the gravy. Just this overpowering smokey mixed with sour taste. I gagged after the first bite and I just couldn't get the taste out of my mouth. I had to eat about 4 bites of my girlfriends chicken and waffles (which was really good) to get the taste out. I just pushed the plate aside as I had lost my appetite. My friend got the same thing and he liked it, so like I said, could be personal preference. I think they should change the title to "Smoked sausage and biscuit w/ soft scrambled egg" just so you know what you are getting. Like I said, I do like smoked sausage, but had I saw it written out on the menu I might have reconsidered.
The service was just kind of meh. We had to push our water, coffee and empty donuts dish all the way to the end of the table to try and get the waitress' attention to refill them. I never got a chance to explain my distaste for my meal as once it was delivered I never saw her again until it was time to drop off the bill.We went back, and had a really nice visit.  Cause now we knew about the tipping.  Go early in the evening before it's busy.  A group of us showed up to get a break from the boss and had a REALLY stupid good time playing Jenga and drinking with fries for snacks.  We work with several international folks so this was a great ice breaker for our language barriers.  And I will say that the no-tip situation is really nice for a group and especially a group comprised of people from different cultures.
Nice big space, fun atmosphere, friendly staff.I'm going to start with something people have brought up: an instant 20% service fee added on any order. This replaces tipping. Some people have been pretty vitriolic about it, so I will spend a moment explaining why it shouldn't matter:
A) It's how much you ought to be tipping already.
B) While I'm biased, formerly working "back of the house", but the people actually cooking can be even more underpaid than the waiters. This ensures they get a fair shake.
C) Even if you look at items for their adjusted value, it's still
Now, on to things that actually matter.
We came in for brunch. I tried to call ahead for a reservation, and was informed that they did not take them, but that we shouldn't worry about seating and it turned out to be true. 
I will say that, in the morning at least, they have a lighting problem. They seemed to be set for dim bar lighting at night, which is fine, but you get some major shadows cast the rest of the time. Many tables are set up to be communal, which doesn't bother me in the slightest, but may bother others.
We went in for the brunch, and I have to say, I was rather pleased. The adjusted cost of $28 may throw people, but your're getting a decent bang for your buck. Everything starts with unlimited coffee and free house made doughnuts, both of which were pretty darn good. Most breakfasts come with roast potatoes, which manage to capture an excellent ratio of crisp exterior to fluffy interior.
But for me, what did it was the biscuits and sausage gravy and poached eggs. Everything was perfect: the whites firmly set while the yolk was still runny. The biscuits were delicious and soaked up the gravy for a delicious combination. It was fatty without being too greasy, seasoned without being salty.It was one of the best breakfast dishes I've had in months. This, if for nothing else, would be enough for me to try it again, never mind that their bar menu looks pretty damn good too.Oh.  So we had a nice time.  The space is great.  Our food was on a scale of fine to good (though one girl wasn't a fan of her tofu bahn mi, said it was too soft) and came out quick and hot.  The prices seemed nice.  I didn't know that gratuity was added until reading these other reviews.  It wasn't clearly explained anywhere.  (and before you say - "but it was on the menu! It was near the register!" let me once again say that if it wasn't noticed and there was no verbal explanation, it wasn't clearly explained).
I'm pretty bummed that I left a $10 on the table for our party of 4, a little over 20%, which I thought was super generous since we did half of the service work ourselves.  It would be nice to have that back, since apparently we already tipped 20% without noticing.  That means I dropped a 40%+ tip in a spot where I have to get up to get extra napkins (again, no big for the napkins - but not with a 40% tip). 
Would have been a 3-4 star experience but now I feel cheated.  I'm okay with what ever policy they have for tipping/wages, but since this is a pretty new paradigm, I expect to have that spelled out a bit more.
Otherwise, fun and laid back space.  Food is nice for the price and quality. Great place to go in groups and avoid the nightmare of the split check since you order and pay up front.  Cause you know you have that one coworker who always puts in $2 less than his/her actual share or is a shitty tipper.
PLUS YOU ALREADY TIPPED - just FYI.The only thing I really like about this place is the decor. It's a nice decorated space, and there is plenty of room for big groups. Other than that, though, I wouldn't recommend going here. I've been here maybe four times now, and I keep hoping the service and drinks will get better. But the cocktails are weak, they've messed up my beer order more than once (even though you order it at the counter, right next to the tap), and the bar snacks are greasy. I'm glad the workers are being paid decently, but they always seem rather inattentive and aloof, it's weird. Overall, this place is an OK option if you have a group of 10+ people and you keep your expectations low.Awesome atmosphere, service, and food! Went for the 3 drink brunch...best bang for your buck in the city (in my experience). I ordered the shrimp and grits as recommended by our server (shoutout to Charlie)...was skeptical about it but turned out to be great. WSC was the perfect place to relax, catch up with friends, and enjoy a great meal. To top it off - bottomless doughnuts! Never heard those two words together before and I was not upset about it. Will certainly be returning!Great happy hour drink specials ($3 well drinks). It was dead when we went on a Wednesday for a happy hour right after work. The food was good. You can have tots instead of French fries for meals if you want. The chips seemed home made. Nothing special, but if you're looking for a cheap drink and a small bite without a wait, you can definitely come here.Food - I got the pork belly eggs benedict and Bloody Mary's. The pork belly eggs benedict was delicious and is a must try. The portions are large and a great deal (brunch deal is unlimited coffee and mini donuts, 3 drinks, and 1 entree). The potatoes that come with each entree is on the saltier side, though. The bloody marys were good, except I couldn't really taste the alcohol...
Atmosphere - Great! Good for large groups.
Service - The restaurant seems understaffed so the service was very slow. We would have to make the same requests several times before actually receiving our request. So be prepared for slower service. Also, there's an automatic 20% service charge regardless of group size so that was a little bothersome.This place, which used to house drinkers west is so different from what it used to look like. It's basically barren. There is one employee working , like ever ( aside from the guy who works the kitchen) . This is not an issue though, because the place is , as mentioned barren. The little bar in the front ( only one open) had only a few patrons and was kind of dark. The bartender ( I forgot his name), was super friendly and helpful and told us about ideas to add love music and some other fun things to help bring in more of a crowd. 
The best thing about this place , it's not crowded and THE DRINKS ARE ALL 3$$$$!!! He doubles up the price on like long islands ( we didn't have those just asked about it) but that's amazing!! I'm all about places that have nice friendly staff and cheap drinks !! 
Also, there are swastikas all over the ground, I had never noticed this during my time here at drinkers west ( probably because of my mental state upon entering and only coming to dance ) . But apparently it's something that no1 has bothered to fix and just came with the super old building. HmmmI think my expectations for an establishment that provides their employees with a living wage of at least $15 and a 20% service charge on your bill were higher than I expected.
Location: I was never a big Drinkers fan but didn't hate it, either. The inside looks really nice, almost like Frankford Hall with the picnic tables. Street parking was easy on a Saturday afternoon.
Prices: Three Drink Brunch! Sounds exciting for $23/person (closer to $30 after the service charge). 
Food: We were seated in the smaller area away from the picnic tables. There is tap water, bottomless coffee and house made donuts. The donuts were especially good. First drink was a sangria which was tasty and served in a mason jar. The next two were just mimosas. No problems with drinks, the mimosas appeared to be premade. You're not going to get wasted off 3 brunch drinks. I thought the food was delicious! I loved my BBQ short rib and the sausages and gravy were decent. I wasn't a fan of the potato wedges but that's just because I'm not a wedges fan.
Service: Now this is where I feel confused and question this whole setup. We entered the restaurant and stood at the "wait" sign where the hostess had her back to us and didn't notice until we walked up a little more. There wasn't a greeting or an explanation about how the restaurant works or about the service charge. I was only aware of it because of Yelp and by reading the menu that's on the table already. They leave you with the water jar and the coffee pitcher so you serve yourself. There is a setup on the table with utensils, napkins and random condiments. Ours was missing a fork so we just took one from the other table, probably a chain effect of another table missing a fork or just starting it ourselves. We also had to ask for more servings of their bottomless donuts and containers for us to pack our own food to go. 
I'm happy that they are not dependent on their tips, but I guess I thought that would equate to happier servers, not less personable AND we are doing most of the work ourselves. 
I'm already used to paying 20% tips, but at least I felt good about it when it wasn't forced on me.$22.33 for brunch, including bottomless coffee, unlimited donuts, three cocktails, AND an entree?!? Sound too good to be true? I'll save you the suspense. It is. 
The good stuff: 
Hot, good coffee came to the table immediately. The staff was very friendly. The home fries that come with your brunch were cooked properly. 
The bad stuff: 
They ran out of donuts, so we never tasted a single one. The entrees were not good - the eggs Benedict were overcooked and poorly seasoned. My fiancé, who loves eggs Benedict, and I could not finish our plates. The drinks were very small portions - I would have preferred two full-size drinks versus three tiny glasses. Oh, and it didn't help that the bathrooms had no towels and the hand-dryers in each bathroom didn't work. 
This is Four Corners's attempt to get into the brunch market, but it simply isn't successful. Save your time and money and wait to get into one of Philly's other amazing brunch spots (that happen to be BYOB), including Cafe Lift, Honey's, and Sabrina's. The 20% gratuity, in general, is not as big of a deal as other Yelpers are making it out to be, but when you walk out unsatisfied with a $58 tab (tax and gratuity included) for two people, you can't help but wonder if the money could have been spent better elsewhere.I love this place. I am probably hype because it used to be Drinkers which was cool but it's just so much more beautiful inside and out. I like that the ceiling looks like stars are in the sky. The dropped lights and picnic table set up make everything look country chic and romantic. I have been a handful of times and the vibe is just chill, good and interesting food options, and anything I have had to drink has been yummy. The security guard this past Friday was intense haha but w.e. I'm not there for him. The outside space they just built is so cute! I have enjoyed the  bread  pudding, the caipirinha drink, and brunch is yummy - over easy eggs over those biscuits with bacon and those warm mini donuts is everything!!! I am going back this morning.Reasonably priced brunch, the best part is that (and it says on the menu) that all staff is paid $15/hour therefore tipping is not allowed.  Charlie was my waiter and he was as attentive as necessary, as kind as can be, and was on the top of his game.  The brunch meal itself is a generous serving but not too large to where you will be taking anything home.  Brunch includes 3 drinks, unlimited coffee and donuts for the table, as well as your meal. I like that they have more than just two or three options for food, but probably upwards to 10-15.  A kids menu was also available. My only complaint is how dark it is inside, where you need to go to the bar to get your drinks, they had tables inside but my group was able to sit outside.  I would certainly go back.I wanted to like this place, I really did. It replaced the sad Drinker's West (which was honestly the most depressing bar on campus). I loved the décor and feel upon walking in, and the tables are so big and perfect for welcoming groups of friends for late night drinks and snacks, but the food really does fall flat.
[ vibe ]
Dark metal tables that look like they were made from the sides of boxcars or old machinery. Magnetic menu holders were a nice touch and fun to play with. The tables are large and low with benches and I could easily imagine a group of 10-12 people sitting comfortable around one, and they are very conducive to conversation. 
Strings of bulbs across the ceiling. Nice clean individual bathrooms. No complaints here.
[ food ]
The dinner menu sounded great in theory, but the food was rather underwhelming when it arrived. Pierogies were fine but nothing worth remembering, as was the grilled cheese.
What really killed the deal was the mac and cheese that we ordered - flat, tasteless, and we were pretty sure that it was made with Velveeta. If the place were slightly fancier we would have sent it back. Wawa mac and cheese tastes better and costs less.
[ conclusion ]
Willing to come back here one more time to try brunch or drinks, but a rather underwhelming first experience. Don't get the mac and cheese.Amazing brunch. Highly recommend that everyone check this place out. The staff is super friendly as well. We had the pierogis and eggs and the shrimp and grits, both yummy choices. We will for sure be back again. Also, try the Bloody Mary's!Great breakfast potatos, filling brunch dishes, and yummy donuts. Tje brunch deal is a bit overpriced especially if you aren't planning on drinking and taking advantage of the cocktails that it comes with.Great idea.. but overpriced from food to drinks. Came here on a weeknight and we were the only ones in the place (aside from a few stragglers that came in for a quick drink). We saw them start to clean up an hour before their advertised closing time and figured we over stayed our visit. 
I do plan on going back to try their weekend brunch.Went here for the first time yesterday for Happy Hour with some coworkers.  I usually don't like going out in that area because the bars are so inundated with preppy college kids but I actually was pleasantly surprised by William Street Common.  I really like the look of the bar, it feels a little bit like you are inside of a cabin or something.  Drinks were mad cheap ($3 well drinks) and the food wasn't too pricey.  I got wings which weren't really that great but I tried my friend's tots and those were great.  I don't know what they are like later in the evening but for happy hour this place is great!Pains me to give such a low score when the food, coffee, and environment was excellent. What went wrong was the service. Our group went for the bottomless brunch. We were seated immediately since we put in a reservation more than a week in advance. 
The server was very pleasant. Hot coffee & warm doughnuts were on the table waiting for us as we expected. They were yummy. Then things went downhill. The 1st thing we all ordered was our drinks. Each of us could order up to three. An hr & a half into dining, 1/2 of the table never even got their 1st drink though it was the 1st thing we ordered. And the other 1/2 of the table was waiting for their 2nd round of drinks to be delivered. They never were. The server was sincerely apologetic multiple times, yet kept forgetting to bring us our drinks. We understood she had a lot of tables to wait on, but if I have to politely ask 5 times for a drink I ordered 1.5hrs ago, there's a real problem there. We even got our meals (still no drinks) though it took some time to get. The food was AMAZING. YUM so good.
Since we had to leave, those of us who never got our drinks asked if our bill could be discounted, which they did. We weren't happy. I ended up making my own mimosa at home.
That being said, I would still give this place another try in about 6 months after they get into the groove of things. William Street just opened, so they're going through some growing pains with knowing what they need. I'm hoping management will reassess the training of their staff figure out how to effectively staff on weekends.Went for brunch with my girlfriend. For starters, $3 breakfast drinks that are delicious. Super cool hall style atmosphere, and cool laid back service. Also, got the breakfast sandwich which was awesome. Highly recommend if you're looking for an inexpensive good brunch time.Went here for brunch and was delighted. Their brunch was a great deal (three drinks, unlimited coffee and donut holes, plus brunch for $22/person) and the food was delicious. We had the Eggs in Purgatory and Eggs Benedict with the pork belly. Both were amazing. And seriously, you can't go wrong with unlimited homemade donut holes.
I was happy with the ambiance and decor. Service-wise, it seemed everyone was still figuring their roles out, but the result was everyone was just extra-helpful--like bringing extra bottles of water. 
I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner and to see their cafe when it opens. I will definitely be bringing friends.
As for the 20% service charge, it doesn't bother me.  That's the minimum I tip anyway and the service I received definitely deserved it. I actually wanted to leave MORE but wasn't sure how that worked!When you walk in, you'd be amazed at what sits inside a building amidst school buildings. You are transported to a beer garden type of feel, with outdoor lights, rustic benches, and upstairs area with games. 
Before I start, just an FYI, this place prides themselves in saying there is no tipping here, but then adds 20% service charge to your bill. Don't get me wrong, as a former server myself, I am a fan of 20% tipping, but it's absolutely redundant and pointless to claim there is no tip and then automatically add 20% service charge. Ok, rant over. 
Anyway, we came in for brunch, which was roughly $30 after tip (or service charge or whatever they want to call it) for 3 drinks, bottomless donuts and coffee, and an entree. For what you get, it's definitely a steal, BUT, unfortunately this was the ONE AND ONLY menu option for brunch. And, because I was coming in right after Easter morning service, I was especially not in the mood to gulp down 3 drinks with my brunch. Regardless, all food items ordered were pretty delicious.
Now, the food here is definitely better than their drinks. I returned here on a Saturday night to take advantage of their $5 house cocktails and beers. How can they afford $5 house cocktails and draft beer at all hours of the day? Simple, yet disturbing: Add water.Drafts are $3 now. Came here on a Saturday night, the main hall is apparently only open for brunch now, so we were funneled into a side room. It remained consistently empty from 9pm-11pm. This place has changed a lot in the past year. Business is not too good, but it's kind of nice having a bar relatively to yourself.
A little bit alarmed that holiday beers were still on tap. It's February now, why is there still pumpkin ale?We came in at 5 on the dot over the university's spring break. When it's quiet you can really appreciate the cozy comfort of the decor. We had the roasted veggies, eggplant fritter ball thingys, fries and perogies and some draaaannnkks. The food is bar food but elevated. Fresh and well prepared. The flat pricing on the drinks ($5) really eliminated the stress of deciding what's more delicious. 
I'm so happy this place replaced that other place.Dump!  The no gender bathrooms seem to have become the most popular place to hangout in the building.Wow.  Just Wow. 
The good:
Potatoes and donuts were on point.  Coffee and beer selection were good.
The bad:
1.  We had to ask for: glasses to go with our craft of water that he left on our table, salt 3x, cocktails!!
The ugly:
1.  Did not receive first cocktail until entrees were served and yes I asked about the status a couple times.  Seriously.  I should have been tipped off when he asked us if we wanted to order all 3 drinks included in special at 1 time.  
2.  Table of 5 next to us did not receive first round of cocktails until they were finished with entrees.  There were 6 tables in the entire restaurant.
3.  The food.  Oh my stomach and my husband's stomach are still cursing our decision to go to this place.  He ordered biscuits and sausage gravy..looked like slop, gravy really runny, eggs poached so soft that you could see that clear part of the egg white that looks like jelly.  I had the Short Rib Benedict.  It was ok but again the eggs were poached so soft that you could see where the egg white should have been cooked more and looked like a clear jelly.  
4.  Checks are gratted 20% regardless if service is God-awful.  Service was God-awful and still ended up paying 20%..do I care that it is spread around to the back of the house and the front of the house so everyone is making $15 per hour?  No.  
Final thoughts:
Great brunch idea with the all inclusive price point but awful service and food.  Never again.Came here for a private conference afterparty and it was fine. I sampled plenty of hors d'oeuvres and they were all your average bar grub picks - carbs laden with salt. I had taquitos, pierogies with some sort of slaw, buffalo chicken wings, this weird broccolini thing, and some other odd bites. There were a few beers on tap, some more interesting than others, but not a place to go if you want to have a nice beer. The long table set up is great if you're trying to cram as many people as possible in the area but otherwise just plain uncomfortable especially if you're sharing with another party and need to ask everyone to get up so you can get out.Similarly to what others have already written, I'm not a huge fan of the forced 20% service charge.... Adding the charge creates a perception that the food and experience is pricey, while being allowed to add your own tip, although it might end up being 20% anyway, creates a perception that the food is decently priced by not including tip in your mental calculation. The restaurant should reevaluate its consumer behavior analysis.....I get that they are helping servers make a liveable wage, but by doing what they're currently doing, they're going to drive away business...and then the servers won't make a liveable wage regardless! Bundling the service charge into the food is a much better option.
Otherwise, the food was delicious!! I came here for the fixed price brunch ($22.99 without service charge, $29 with....yeah...)and was immediately satisfied by the all you can eat donuts (more like fried delicious dough than typical circle with a hole donut) and bottomless coffee. The sangria was really strong so I couldn't finish it at 11 am, but I was happily satisfied by the pulpy orange juice I got instead. I ordered eggs Benedict with Florentine spinach, which was one of the best eggs Benedict I've ever tried, and the side of potatoes was SO GOOD as well. I couldn't finish everything so took the potatoes to go.
Our service was pretty spotty and the food came out slowly, but I was catching up with a friend so it didn't matter. But, we didn't get more than one plate of the donuts because the food was so backed up....which was sad....
Basically the high rating is for the food alone, and for adding a nice beer garden to university city.I was drawn in by a number of exciting promises:
1) Bottomless donuts and coffee
2) 3 boozy cocktails in addition to my brunch
3) Entree of my choice
4) $22.33 + tip.
Williams Street Commons had a fair-pay policy which includes an automatic 20% tip in their food prices.  If they're going to do this, they should just add the tip to the food and save me the math... but I respect what they're getting at.  As a pretty generous tipper on a daily basis, I assumed that this meant the service would be top notch.  
What I got was kind of disappointing.  
We were seated promptly by a very nice hostess.  A waitress came right over with donuts and coffee and took our drink order.  My fiance ordered Irish coffee.  I went for a Bloody Mary.  Then we settled in.  Upon pouring ourselves big cups of coffee, I went to find a spoon to stir in the cream and sugar with only to find that the bucket of silverware on our table was pretty much all dirty.  I'm not talking water marks either- I'm talking food stuck on the silverware...  Upon finding a clean knife, I took a big swig of some of the most diluted coffee I've had.  So many good options around Philly too.  It's really a shame that they're kickin' it with this stuff.  
My poor fiance dumped his shot of whisky in there and quite literally couldn't drink his 'irish coffee' which was basically hot, diluted whisky with a coffee aftertaste.
We were pretty hungry so we ate our donuts quickly as they were pretty decent.  That bottomless portion never got refilled for the duration of our meal... so we definitely found the bottom there.  That was a bummer for sure.
Our waitress came and took our food order.  I had the shakshuka which they called Eggs in Purgatory.  My fiance had the pork belly eggs Benedict.  The food came out REALLY fast... almost too fast?  But I wasn't sad to see it!
I quickly realized that I had over committed to the tomatoes with my bloody mary and my eggs, so I wanted to get my 2nd beverage- a beer.  I didn't see our waitress until after i had finished my entree.  Bummer... but on the up-side my food was really tasty.
My fiance and I both agreed that the food has to be pre-made and kept under heat lamps or some such arrangement.  We both ordered poached eggs in our meal, and they were cooked through which is really tough to do!  It was the only explanation we could think of. 
Regardless, his pork belly Benedict he thoroughly enjoyed.  The first half had a ton of pork belly on it.  The 2nd half had like 1/2 a piece.  He was kind of bummed by that, but he enjoyed it nonetheless.
They also brought us out some potatoes to split which were lovely.
By this point, our glasses had BEEN empty, and nobody had come to ask us about our next round, our donut supply was still bone dry, and we were kind of sad.  We opted to just pay the almost $60 and get out of there rather than collecting our 3rd cocktail.
All in all, i really want to like this place.  The service was very nice, but also not attentive.  The silverware was straight up dirty- and a lot of it.  The food was delicious... so that's good, but for $60 for brunch, other places have great food too.  The bottomless coffee and donuts which is really a strong point of differentiation fell flat.  Overall, meh...BLEH!!!
I went for lunch with coworkers. We were the only patrons there... already a bad sign.
They took the eggplant parm off the menu, which was really the only thing I wanted to try... I went with the tofu banh mi instead & talk about gross! The tofu was really wet & not at all firm causing the bread to get soggy & fall apart. The other ingredients were very fresh, but just thinking about that tofu... UGH.
One of my coworkers got the chicken banh mi & spent part of our meal picking pieces of chicken gristle out of their sandwich... EW.
There is no way I will be coming back here.At around 10:30 pm last Wednesday I came in here with five of my friends. We're all Penn students and seniors. The bar was relatively empty so we thought we'd come in to have some drinks and hang out before going home; most of us had never been there before. As we were getting our IDs checked, I was third in line. The bouncer looked at my ID and handed it back to me and said "have a good night." I took my ID and tried to walk inside and he grabbed my arm and said "no, get out." 
He kept holding my arm when I asked if he was serious or wanted a second form of identification. He just kept raising his voice and telling me to get out. I am 22 years old. I was born in November 1994. I think what his issue was is that I'm from Wisconsin, as is my ID, and he doesn't know what they look like.
It's extremely problematic that the employees 1) don't know what legal driver's licenses from around the country look like and 2) that they feel comfortable physically restraining completely non-combative people. There is no reason that he should have put his hands on me, even if I had been a minor. It was a Wednesday and we were all completely sober and calm, so it is unacceptable that he grabbed me and continued to hold on to my arm.I'm afraid William Street Common has fallen victim to its own hype, and it was almost impossible for the place to live up to its publicity leading up to its opening. Indeed it did not. 
I didn't make any trips to WSC until several weeks after opening. I first went for a Saturday brunch with friends, the prix-fixe three drink meal with unlimited donuts and coffee that has been the subject of much discussion. The food itself was pretty good and came in big portions, I myself enjoying a Eggs Benedict with BBQ Short Rib. The breakfast potatoes that accompanied the food was also more than enough and quite delicious. Unfortunately, the positives mostly ended there.
I had a mimosa, Irish coffee, and sangria, and none really impressed. Admittedly this was my first Irish coffee, but it just didn't strike me as a brunch drink. However, it could have been the coffee which those in my party universally panned. If we were going to be paying for $28+ for this entire meal, we had better be getting some bang for our buck out of the drinks. The doughnuts somewhat made up for the subpar coffee, but weren't enough to take the bitter taste out of our mouths.
Lastly, I have been to WSC twice at night for drinks. The menu is very good, particularly good local brews and some interesting cocktails all at an affordable price. However, the place was almost entirely empty both times I visited. It's pretty unlikely I am going to be getting a drink someplace that is deserted, no matter how good or strong those drinks may be.
I think William Street Common has a lot of potential, but it has some growing pains to sort through. It will continue to draw a brunch crowd simply due to its unique twist and because the clientele exists in University City. Maybe in a few short months it can become a hot late-night destination in the neighborhood, but unless some adjustments are made, WSC may suffer the same fate as its predecessor Drinkers West.Went for the three drink brunch this Sunday. Cool decor, friendly service. Drinks and food were just meh....
Got the eggs Benedict (my brunch litmus test), was ok but hollandaise sauce had a film to it, kinda like stadium nacho cheese. 
Like the idea of the prix fix brunch but execution isn't there yet.I love supporting newly opened spots but the downside is that sometimes the effort put forth by said eateries is about as successful as the maiden voyage of the Titanic.
William Street Common is a hipster's wet dream--dark with a moody-broody vibe complete with ironic table place cards. I half-expected to see a row of penny farthings lined up out front. Oh, wait. Is that Mumford & Sons in the corner?! No, just a mustachioed quartet of fellow diners. Bummer.
I would be willing to tolerate the impossibly tiny glasses (more at home on the island of Lilliput than an establishment that serves full-sized humans), the odd self-service station (which I mistook for the dishwasher's pantry given the overwhelming amount of soiled condiment cups and filthy silverware), and the tepid tap water (again, available at the aforementioned den of filth) if the food was good. Spoiler alert: It is not.
We ordered quite a bit from the menu: 
- Burger with Gruyère and caramelized onions (tasteless hockey puck with rubbery cheese)
- Pierogies (a bastardization of a classic...should've asked my friend's babcia to make me some)
- BBQ short rib sandwich (a dry roast beef fiasco--no sauce--or short rib--in sight)
- Eggplant croquettes (good Lord, I love smokiness but these were overwhelming)
- French onion soup (gloopy and odd-tasting)
- Fries (alas, a valiant effort--they were pretty decent but the accompanying aioli can take a hike)
* Honorable Mention - Corn nuts (these come as a side with some of the entrees and may be one of the tastiest things on the menu; if you don't fear a dentist visit in the imminent future, these might be your best bet)
Fingers crossed, the menu and whatever the hell is going on in the kitchen is just one big growing pain and will be worked out soon. Let me know how it turns out because I won't be returning.I've been here a couple times just for parties. Not food. But yea I give it 5 on the strength of its size and drink prices are so rarely reasonable! You can get a great buzz without breaking the bank. This is for all my fellow fiscally frugal people!Place was recently converted from "Drinkers West" about a year ago. Some of the management changed along with the conversion. The decor is fairly average and the lighting is limited for whatever reason. The bartenders are friendly and they just started a flat $3 fee for drinks. In my opinion their brunch is what makes this bar/restaurant phenomenal. When I went it was unlimited blueberry donuts and home fries. It also came with your choice of a main course and three drinks, a combination of mimosas and bloody Mary's. Wonderful start to a Saturday or Sunday can be spent here.First things first, the food was good. I came here for Sunday brunch with my girlfriend and we ordered the BBQ short rib eggs benedict and the eggs in purgatory, respectively. Both of which were excellent.
I am going to give the service the benefit of the doubt because I understand that this restaurant has been open for less than a week so there are still kinks to be worked out. That being said, we both thought it was somewhat awkward to have to wait to be seated by a host only to be told we could sit anywhere at the common tables. Otherwise, the service was fine, not exceptional, and we enjoyed our meal.
My main complaint with this restaurant, however, was that it purports itself to be "tip-free" when it actually adds a 20% "service charge" to every bill. For a table of 5 or larger, it is customary to add a 20% gratuity, but on a table of two I think it is somewhat presumptuous. Masking a gratuity as a service fee does not make the restaurant "tip-free," it is simply a forced tip. As someone who has worked in the service industry for years I believe that a tip is something that should be earned, not assumed. That being said, if they want to adopt the no-tip model of paying staff a normal wage, which I fully support, they should just raise the prices of their food by 20% rather than pretend they are doing me a favor by eliminating my need to tip.
TL;DR - I would go again, but I think they need to re-evaluate what "no-tip" actually means.I can handle a forced 20% gratuity charge on two people if they give us something to give 20% about. Everything is self serve -- you order at the counter from a guy who seems to care less that you're trying to place an order, you get your own drinks, utensils, condiments, etc. You sit. The server brings your food. And that's it. 20 percent? I don't think so. 
That being said, I still had high hopes that the food would be good. Consider my high hopes crushed. I ordered the Bifana sandwich (which, apparently, is pronounced "bihana"), with pork, sweet mustard, and charred red onions. We also ordered fries to share. The sandwich was nearly tasteless and odd. It also had a horseradishy burn that I thought was strange, considering the lack of horseradish. I was hungry and didn't even want to touch the second half of my sandwich. So I didn't. Sad.
I also had a bite of the Albany style pierogies (with kimchi and soy butter) and they tasted.. like nothing. They literally had zero flavor. How is this possible? My Elderflower fizz was flat (sad) but tasted okay. The fries were the only saving grace.
Never thought I'd say this, but I really miss Drinker's. At least their food was good.We were a party of 5 excited to try their 3 drink brunch. Two of us got the biscuits & gravy, 2 of us got the chicken & waffles & one of us got a goat cheese omelette of some sort. The chicken & waffles were great, the free donuts were great, the drinks I had (spicy bloody mary, a beer and whiskey dumped in coffee) were good, though the coffee is pretty strong. The biscuits & gravy were weird, and not in a good way. I ate a few bites & it wasn't terrible but It wasn't all that enjoyable either. My friend said her omelette was just meh. The service was pretty bad and they weren't that busy. This was both for the bartender and our waitress. They all just seemed like they REALLY didn't want to be there and never offered anything (more coffee, water), we always had to flag her down to get it. I guess that's what happens when you go to a place that doesn't accept tips? In any case, I'd go if I was hungry and in the area but I probably wouldn't seek it out/recommend it.I had heard mixed things about this place before frequenting, but I knew I'd have to go on my own to really know. My overall feeling after coming here for my birthday brunch is that it is a KEEPER. With draft beers and wines, specialty cocktails, comfort food at a value, and the innovative "three drink brunch" menu offering, I think this place is here to stay.
Here's why I love it:
-The ambiance PERFECTLY fits my style. I love rustic wood decor with a homey feeling. STRING LIGHTS. MASON JARS. I am such a sucker. 
-I'm also a huge sucker for interesting restaurant concepts. The no tipping policy feels new and updated. The "3 drink brunch" is also quite interesting to me and helps this place truly stand out for a new and different kind of brunch experience.
I opted for the three drink brunch (obvi) and paid a total of around $25 for the meal. Here's what I got:
-Unlimited coffee and housemade donuts
-Sangrias and mimosas
-Eggs in purgatory (two poached eggs simmered in a spicy tomato sauce with smoked eggplant, feta cheese and toast)
I really enjoyed the experience as well as the food. Though I'm usually not a huge fan of eggplant, there was something special to me about my main dish... probably a combination of the eggs with the spicy tomato and the cheese (I personally just love dishes like this). There was nothing to complain about for our service, and I left feeling excited about this new brunch spot in University City. AND THE DRINKS. Wow.
I'll definitely be a COMMON visitor!Definitely an upgrade from Drinkers, at least for people that aren't all still in the scene of $5 pitchers and $1 well drinks. It's completely renovated and looks completely different. Dimly lit there is a room with a bar, and then a cafeteria like room ( think Frankford hall long tables), both of which when you're ready to order, you order at the counter. 
Small simple menu, all drinks are $5 and most food ranges from $5 to $8. We opted to try the French Onion Soup, Grilled/toast snacks (mushroom and gruyere , and cashew butter & blueberry preserve), and eggplant parm all priced at $8 a piece. The French Onion was pretty good, could have used a bit more stewing or salt but pretty good. The toast was okay, not terribly flavorful but a good bar snack for sure, a bit steep for $8 though. The eggplant parm I thought was pretty well done, probably the best of the 3. The Rye Lemonade was good, but hey it's hard to go wrong with Bulleit Rye and lemonade.
*** They advertise this place that it's " tip free", they "absolutely do not accept tips". Heed warning, that's because they add a automatic SERVICE CHARGE at the end. 
After calculating it, it was approximately 22% added tip. Which listen, it's totally fine. I usually tip about that much anyway -- but I do think it depends on the level of service AND if you're going to throw it out there that there is absolutely no tipping allowed, maybe you should also throw in that's because there's a service tip added. For a bill of $44 they threw a $9.80 service fee on top ***
If you're on a budget, head to Harvest for their rotating specials. They often have $2 crafts.. with tip you'll still be running less than their service fee here.I've seen the news stories and read about this restaurant in the Inquirer.  Very deceiving stories.  This is not a sit down restaurant with wait staff.   It is basically a cafeteria style restaurant.   You order your food at the counter, stand in line for your drink, don't forget to go over to the table in the middle and get your silverware and napkins along with water if you want that.   Now go to your table and put your number on the table so they know where to deliver your food.
I typically tip 20-25% when I go out.   This place automatically adds 20% to your total check as a service charge.   They boast that they pay all there employees $15.00 on hour and tipping is not allowed.   I do not tip 20% at a cafeteria.   The staff were 2 behind the counter.  The restaurant already saved money by not having a full wait staff therefore they could afford to pay the staff $15.00 an hour.   It is a scam.   I expected to come in and have a nice sit down dinner with somebody waiting on me and not having to figure out the tip.   You won't get that here.
The food was mediocre to bad.   The burger had an off taste, should have complained but I was already very disappointed.  The bacon bites were very good.  The pork fries w/gravy were very, very salty.  The pork banh mi  was very tasty but actually had very little pork on it.
I will probably not visit this restaurant again.  Although I have been wanting to try their brunch.I have been here twice so far for brunch, and it has been a wonderful experience both times.  It is a great deal if you are in the mood to have a boozy weekend brunch, but if you aren't very interested in drink- to me the price seems fairly reasonable,and the fact that tip is included leaves me worry free at the end of the meal.  Both times we have went there the tipping has been explained to us which is nice, but unnecessary because it is clearly on the menu. 
The waitstaff is friendly and helpful and is there to answer any questions you may have.  They even allow you to enjoy your last drink away from the table.  The first time we ventured up to the arcade for some pac man, and the second visit we went outside and enjoyed the sun in the lawn chairs out front.
Now I will get to the food and drinks- the true reason why people actually go to a restaurant.  
The bottomless coffee is a wonderful perk.  Nothing too special about the flavoring, but it does the trick if you are used to having a cup of joe in the morning.  As soon as you sit down they provide you with that as well as a bottle of water for the table to fill up as you please (they are quick to bring another if needed).  In terms of alcohol, the only cocktail I have had is the sangria which isn't bad at all, and they accompany it with a lemon, lime, and orange on the top which brings a little extra flavor to the drink.  Their beer is normally how I end my meal.  Its fantastic because you can pick from any beer on their draft list which is filled with local drafts (This always gives me a chance to try seasonal brews that I haven't had the chance to sip on yet).
The food both times has been delightful.  Although the menu is small compared to other brunches in the neighborhood, so far we have yet to have a dish that disappoints.  The only thing I wouldn't suggest is the pancakes because it just doesn't seem worth the price if all you want is pancakes.  The donuts are hit or miss; it is wonderful to have donuts as soon as you arrive at your table, but the first time we went they were cold and didn't taste very fresh.  The second attempt the donuts were warm and fresh just as one would expect.  The potatoes served with the entrees is also wonderful, but we have only ever eaten a few because we normally cannot even finish our entrees because of the generous portions.
All in All I would highly recommend this place. It is a fabulous way to spend part of your weekend.  They make it so all you must do is enjoy the company you're with.3 drink brunch is worth a visit. The unlimited doughnuts werr pretty good, small cinnamon sugar doughnuts served warm, coffee was just ok. The drink werr basic but served their purpose. The Benedict with thick slabs of crispy pork belly was tremendous and the biscuits and gravy was tasty, the gravy was a sausage gravy style with hunks of bacon in it. Place was hipster with picnic tables and lights strung up and understandably filled with the age that would seek a 3 drink brunch. I'd go back, it was pretty solid.Great breakfast food, cool atmosphere, but terrible service. We came in with a group of 12 & 4 of us never got our drinks we ordered & we were in always in need of refills of coffee, sugar & it took forever to get anything. The waitress even spilled a drink on my friends bag. It's nice that tip is included for ease of the bill but I wouldn't give 20% for this service. All in all. Would not go back.Great concept and from my experience there, very fun too. No tips, but an automatic 20 percent gratuity to pay workers a living wage. I love tha tidea.
I need to revisit and try the food for a fuller review, but so far, the manager Dana was very helpful, and so were the bartenders. Nice, exprimental cocktails. It's an open space with a lot of grace and generosity in its vibe. I feel at home there; it's quite communal.Came here the day after they opened (a Friday night). In sum,
food = great
atmosphere = okay
service = what service?
Service: Order at the counter, pick up drinks at the counter, have your food dropped off at the table. They don't bring you a fork or napkins with your food; instead they direct you to a service stations.The 20% service charge is added to every order. As a veteran of the industry, I'm all for servers not getting stiffed. Except that there wasn't any actual table service. If the model is the same as any other counter service (where the typical $2.83/hr wage doesn't apply as it does with table service), why not add it to the listed prices rather than slipping it in under the guise of "no tipping"? 
Atmosphere: Even half-full, the metal tables created a very noisy room. I had to shout to my companion who was sitting right across from me. The bar area was dim and intimate (he thought too dim; I liked it). Unfortunately the space lacked character; nothing sets it apart from anywhere else.
Food: 
- Smoked eggplant croquettes were awesome. 
- Pork Belly Banh Mi was awesome. 
- Roasted veggies were super tasty. 
- Pork Belly Fries were meh... chunks of unmelted cheese, came out lukewarm, lacked flavor (pepper helped)Great breakfast food, cool atmosphere, but terrible service. We came in with a group of 12 & 4 of is never got our drinks we ordered & we were in always in need of refills of coffee, sugar & it took forever to get anything. It's nice that tip is included for ease of the bill but I wouldn't give 20% for this service. All in all. Would not go back.Went for breakfast and the chickpea pancakes + mixed vegetables was spot-on. Awesome vibes and outdoor seating. Can't wait to go back!I'd never heard of this place going in so no expectations which seems to have hurt them in a way with the UCity crowd who seemed hyped for the brunch deal.  I came here on a weekday lunchtime and I think were the only two people there, for what it's worth.
Everyone we dealt with was really nice, explaining how things work.  Expect mixmatched silverware, a work-in-progress feel, especially outside in the nice little secluded patio area, and some really good food.
I had the chicken bahn mi.  Large size, filled like a big ol' American would (as opposed to Chinatown and Washington Ave. versions, and straight up GOOD.  Like almost to Rotisseur levels, which I had named as my favorite sandwich in the whole city.  Almost.
Also the pretzel sticks were above average, the shrimps had a nice size and kick, but the pea fritters were pretty meh.  Overall way better than expected and a great spot to check out for lunch if you're in the area.This place is such a let down. It used to be so great, but the overall quality has really went down.
 First, I will start with the service. We used to be met with such awesome servers that genuinely seemed happy to be there, but now we were fortunate enough to get the bare minimum.  Our most recent visit was our first visit since they altered the way brunch was served, and we were clearly a tad confused. The server seemed too preoccupied to notice/care and seemed inconvenienced when we asked about ordering. 
Second, of course (the main reason you go out to eat), the food quality went down.  Not only has the menu become more boring and unoriginal, but the dishes the do serve do not taste good and aren't prepared well. For example, a member of our party ordered the chicken and waffles and the batter around the chicken was over cooked. He needed to remove it to get to the small amount of chicken underneath. 
Lastly, the drinks. Due to the way brunch used to work, we became familiar with the drinks that were offered which included a full list of craft beer and refreshing cocktails. I was baffled to walk in and see. Bud lite, bud, yeingling, and one victory as their options.
As I had said earlier in the review, we had asked the waitress to describe the new ordering to us and a word she had used was cheap, and that is exactly how I would now describe the new overall experience at William St Commons.  It is cheap, and I have made the decision that I will not be back.I came here for brunch (offered 10-3 Sat and Sun) and had a great time. Their brunch menu comes with bottomless donuts and coffee, a choice of three drinks (alcoholic and non-alcoholic), and an entree for about 22 dollars, or 28 with their service charge.
About a minute after we sat down, our waiter came with a large carafe of hot coffee and the donuts, which are small spheres of fried dough dusted with cinnamon and sugar. We took some time to take a look at the menu, and I ended up deciding on the eggs Benedict with pulled pork while my friend ordered the eggs in Purgatory. Both were great but I preferred my eggs Benedict because the homemade biscuit was so fluffy and nicely complemented the slightly chewy and juicy pulled pork. I asked for the eggs to be a bit more gelled, and yes, the chefs complied. Only thing I'd recommend is to ask for the hollandaise on the side because my biscuit bottoms were soaked.
As for the eggs in purgatory, the poached eggs were nestled in a thick, chunky spicy tomato sauce and came with buttered artisan toast. My friend ordered the cheese on the side, which may have been the right move because the feta filled an entire deep condiment container. 
As for the drinks, I drank two mimosas and a rather strong sangria served in a mason jar. This was a lot of alcohol. The Bloody Mary looked quite delectable (and large volume), too. If you want to get drunk, I'd go for the larger drinks (BM, Sangria, wine), but if you're looking for a nice buzz, I'd go with the mimosas and beer.
I'd wouldn't order a mixed vodka drink in the morning, but that's just my preference, haha. Also, my friend's Sangria was noticeably less strong than mine, so just a heads up in case you're disappointed/surprised with the alcohol content!
Good food, great brunch deal in University City/West Philly.Living in DC I've become accustomed to boozy brunch so it was only right I try to find one in my hometown. When I did a search this place was one of the first to show up so we decided to try it. The decor is a lil different than you'd expect but the food and drinks were really good. 
They add gratuity to the bill so keep that in mind. And because of that they don't accept tips. But the servers go above and beyond to make sure you're satisfied.I went here to get some drinks on a Friday night, and I can't say the experience was as pleasant as brunch. The bartender was rude as hell, and I say this as someone who doesn't expect to be treated like royalty or holds a "customer is always right" mentality.$28 gets you:
- 3 deelish bloodys
- The tastiest Eggs Benedict with CRISPY PORK BELLY...holy shizzat
- Unlimited-fukin-donuts and coffee
- SAY WHAT?!:  YUUUP, unlimited donuts and coffee.
Communal Tables.
Sick decor and ambiance.
Annnnnddddd....no tip (that's what she said).Over on Eater Philly, an article was published few days ago about the "Hottest Brunches in Philly Right Now." William Street Common scored No.5!! 
Brunchers! Here's the deal, and I'm Xcited to share the good news.
- Location: I found this low-key brunching spot in the heart of university city.
- Ambiance: Very cozy and casual atmosphere with communal tables, perfect for gathering.
- Brunch: You will be catered with with unlimited coffee and house-made donuts, THREE brunch drinks, and your choice of one entrée. My order of  Veggie Egg Scramble was good stuff.
- Total Cost: $28.94 ( Brunch subtotal $22.33 + Total Taxes: $1.79 + Service Charge: $4.82 )!!!
A side not to be missed is that the founders of this place are pitching a brilliant idea of adding the gratuity automatically, to maintain the house minimum wage of $15/hour. Two thumbs up!
So brunch crowd, when shall we go again?
Three and half Yelps!Awesome addition to the late night scene in University City. I think it's an upgrade from Drinker's.
The good stuff:
+ You pay at a counter and settle all bills before sitting down; don't have to worry about splitting checks or anything at the end
+ They prefer credit cards over cash, which is a major perk for me
+ Lots of seating
+ Really cute lighting!
+ Apparently there's a game room coming in soon (to the second floor)
+ All drinks (cocktails, beers, wines) are $5
+ Amazing BBQ short ribs mac & cheese
+ The BF really enjoyed the BBQ short ribs sandwich
+ No tipping required
The not-so-good stuff:
- Gets really packed all of a sudden at 11PM... the witching hour for college kids
- They ran out of some of the items on their menu by 10PM... which was a little too early for a bar on Friday night in my opinion
Definitely want to come back to check out their unlimited brunch special.I've been here 3 times with other Penn students since Williams Street Commons opened (twice for drinks and today for brunch). I gotta say I was a little disappointed after brunch this morning, especially after being excited for what seemed like a delicious, great deal. 
The Good: cool atmosphere with nice lights and communal tables. Plus there's an arcade upstairs! 
The eggs benedict were tasty, as were the bottomless homemade donuts. OJ tasted fresh too, and the cocktails were decent when I came at night. 
The Bad:
The coffee was very watered down. Avoid the biscuits and gravy, not very good (they also messed up the order and we had to wait a while for this order to arrive). 
The Ugly:
The whole "no tipping" thing. First of all,  on the menu the brunch is marketed as $22 per person, then it says no tipping - it sounds like it's going to be $22 total. In reality, you get charged a 20% "service fee" plus tax, so it ends up being over $28. This brunch was alright but in no way was it worth close to $30. I came away pretty disappointed about this deceptive marketing. 
I definitely won't be coming back here for brunch but it's a chill bar on campus for drinks early in the night.Well, isn't this a lovely addition to University City? Head on over to 39th and Chestnut for a prix fixe brunch that comes with three (count 'em, three) premium beverages of your choice, an entree, potatoes, unlimited coffee, tiny hot donuts and staffed by a friendly bunch who are as quick as they are accurate.
We really enjoyed ourselves here and for the student crowd who surely loves getting their drink on at brunch, it is a swell deal. All I mentioned above for the reasonable price of $23 dollars. And isn't curing your hangover worth the price of an Uber Black home from Center City the night before?
My entree was smashing - an eggs in purgatory style dish, almost like shakshouka. Sad I couldn't get a side salad (the prix fixe really is what they've got going on), but the potatoes were a nice complement. Dining companions dug their crazy pork belly eggs benedict - talk about brunch indulgence - and biscuits and gravy. All dishes were small, but a decent portion.
Enjoyed my choice of cocktail - a spicy bloody mary. I only drank one of my three drinks, which made me sad, but I could have opted for an OJ or two to round out the trio. 
One of our friends hadn't planned to order any drinks, and felt a bit stiffed for getting charged the full price. They're definitely strict on the policy, so beware making exceptions and expecting changes to the price.
Love the new decor here - it's a far cry from what Drinkers West looked like just a few months ago. Long communal tables are great and mean fewer waits for a seat if they can squeeze your party in somewhere. Bathrooms are plentiful and clean. Water glasses almost always full. (Coffee and donuts were too!)
Bring your friends here and impress them with your prix fixe prowess. And make sure someone at your table wants all of those yummy cocktails.I was excited to check this place out, but was a little apprehensive going the weekend it opened (I understand it takes some time to work out some issues and get the flow of the place set, but I was pleasantly surprised.)
I stopped for a drink with a friend after dinner on Saturday, so this review is only for ambiance/drinks.
I never visited this space when it was Drinkers (for better or worse), so I'm not sure how much it has changed/remained the same. The bar area is (too?) dimly lit and feels very cozy and casual. The "big room" has big communal tables, and like some other reviews mention, reminds me of Frankford Hall. The music was great, and the bar area was a great place to catch up and have a quiet drink.
I ordered the Blood Orange Shandy and an American Mule. Both of which were really tasty, and totally worth the $5 (er... $6.60.) The bartender was friendly and answered any questions we had.
The food menu looks good - especially the brunch situation. Will definitely be back for that.
I am totally in favor of paying the servers and staff a higher living-wage and always tip generously. I was a little surprised to see that they add an automatic service charge to everything. It wasn't a problem, but possibly a bit of a misnomer/contradiction to the "tip-free" marketing. Again, it isn't a problem - just...surprising? Not sure how I feel about the way the service charge/tip is handled. (Maybe if everything appeared priced WITH the charge included? Ie. $5 drinks listed as flat $6.60? Just a thought.)I just had brunch here with some friends and feel the need to hype up this place a bit. 
If you've never been here before, you should know that brunch comes with three drinks. If you're not a drinker, I could see this being a deterrent, as it's included in the price of the meal and I don't know if you can order around that. Normally I'd have expected some lightly boozy mimosas and bloody marys. However, I was pleased to see a list that included pints of beer, wine, and cocktails as well. Everything was well proportioned and made for an enjoyably boozy brunch. 
The food was excellent. Coffee is included and bottomless--as are some bite-sized donuts. When I looked at the menu I was a little concerned because when I did the math: three drinks at around $5 each, plus coffee comes to around $18. That meant my meal was going to be about $5? Would it be only $5 in quality? Nope. It ample and delicious.
A lot of complaints about this place seem to focus on the fact that you pour your own coffee and the pricing is confusing. Sure, it says $23, and there's a service charge. But this includes tip. My meal was $28. I had a coffee, two pints of beer and a mimosa. My food was great. Try going to your favorite brunch spot and ordering three drinks and a coffee along with your meal. If it's under $28, let me know. I want to go there too.Repeat after me...
"I am not a big, fat jerk if I do not leave a tip."
"I am not a big, fat jerk if I do not leave a tip."
"I am not a big, fat jerk if I do not leave a tip."
Get it? Got it? Good. How European of you.
Love the no tipping concept at this fabulous new indoor hot spot that feels like an outdoor beer garden. Huge kudos to a restaurant that values paying their employees a living wage. Although it does go against every American fiber in my body to not leave a standard 15-20%. But I'll work on that mantra right there with you.
I ate a solid 75% of the menu and my definite order agains would be 1) Classic Pierogis 2) Pork Belly Banh Mi 3) Pork Belly Fries (obviously I love me some pork belly) 4) Grilled Snackster Duo.
And with every drink at $5 ($6.50 all in) all the time, whether the hour is happy or not, I'm sold. Can't wait to check out the $22.33 ($30 all in) brunch. An entrée, unlimited coffee, bottomless donuts AND three drinks?! I'll see you there. And sooner rather than later.My friend and I chose William Street Common as our brunch destination on Saturday. We arrived just after 1 and there was plenty of seating available. Our server dropped off hot coffee and donuts just after we sat down. The table had everything we needed already - napkins, extra plates, coffee mugs, silverware, condiments, etc. We ordered our first round of three breakfast cocktails (included in the $22 weekend brunch). 
The coffee was hot and delicious, the donuts... were not. I was super hungry, which is the only reason I dug in for more than one. If you're going to serve donuts, they should be fresh and tasty. The Bloody Mary was okay - nothing special but it did the trick. 
My friend ordered the eggs benny with short rib while I went for the biscuits and gravy with poached eggs. A big side of breakfast potatoes to share was also dropped off, and those were probably my favorite part of the meal. The eggs on my plate were way undercooked - most of the egg white was still extremely runny. I also wasn't crazy about the sausage in the gravy, which was very chewy and not really in a way I found enjoyable. 
I'd go back for drinks with friends and possibly some snacks, but I probably won't be heading back for brunch.