Love the atmosphere here. Friendly staff. Good wholesome home made from scratch food.Worst okonomiyaki I've ever had (and I've had it in quite a few places). It was super flat and bland with tons of batter and nothing else. The staff was very inattentive and despite us asking to get the check multiple times we had to wait a good 5 to 10 minutes. The coffee was okay, but nothing amazing. If it wasn't for the fairly cheap prices it would probably be a 1 star review.(to the tune of "Hips don't like" by Shakira)
I've never really been to a place like this
Decor is artsy, and the drinks are sick
This place is bomb, yo (SI!)
So cute, though (si!)
Their casa - su casa!
Oooh people, if you want some drinks
Cocktail prices that don't break the bank
So be wise, and keep on
Serving the goods like you all do
And for a choice few nights, you know the pizza pie
Pizza Gutt is slinging it right 
Cheesy attraction, no tension
Don't you see, baby, this is perfection!
Finally made my way up to Spring Garden for a little visit to W/N W/N, followed by a Roy Pitz chaser. It's a great way to spend an evening, and my partner and I had a blast - from the mismatched chairs to the super-friendly and attentive staff, our time at W/N W/N was capped off by one of the infamous Pizza Gutt pies - which has now secured its place as my favorite pizza in the city.
The price was right, the service was tight, the pizza - I could eat it all night. Five stars.Tell you what, Pizza Gutt's residency at W/N W/N is a literal win win for customers and Chef Gutter. Dining Partner reserved two pies for us via Instagram for a Saturday at 6:30. When we arrived, they asked if we had reservations, because they only had two walk-in pies remaining. Hooray for planning ahead! 
We got one cheese pie with sausage and another veggie creation with spinach. Both were incredible 10 x 10 inch pies cut into 6 huge slices. The best part is the thick yet perfectly fluffy 90s type pizza crust. I don't even know what I mean by that, but maybe you do. We took 6 slices home in a box that was heavier than an 18 inch pizza. It even tasted BETTER as leftovers. 
They have wine, cocktails, and beer. Go there, but to ensure you'll have a good time, reserve your pies in advance on the 'gram.Always have an great experience here. Cocktails are yum and made with love. Food is awesome. Have good vegan options even though I am not vegan. Tony is my fave bartender because he is interesting and easy on the eyesThis little hipster-esque coffee bar may have the most obscure location, but boy the exclusivity makes it a prime coffee spot! If you're ever down at Union Transfer for a concert, this is a great place to stop by for a warm drink! I'm an avid chai latte drinker so all I can only review the chai latte. The chai was a little too mild for my own liking, but it was still a great blend!Relaxing. Great barista(s) and coffee. Lighting is that of a bar and a mid-day coffee shop. Affordable pricing for drinks & food.So far, it's awesome. Alexa was informative and generous. I only got tea (but it was a great cup). I need to visit again. This is a preliminary review though.Pizza Gutt is AMAZING!!!! We had a cheese pie and mushroom pie which were both out of this world delicious, but the plain cheese probably took the win here. We will definitely be back for more.Amazing new spot. Great cocktails, beers, and coffee. Very comfortable warm vibe. The chef cooks up simple, delicious meals - mostly vegetarian. Unique flavors and great price! There will be more dishes and menu rolled out.
Go check out this hidden gem! You won't regret itI don't recommend the food (unappetizing, if not lackluster), but the easy drinks and positive vibes allow this coffee bar to a prized neighborhood spot, especially for the local community in Spring Garden.This place has some of the best pizza I've ever had! Great assortment of cocktails and beers to choose from and the vibe was very chill. Will definitely be returning!Nice place but the barista had a really nasty attitude. Would rate higher if they were nicerThis cafe/bar may have the warmest atmosphere in all of Philadelphia- just a lovely place to be. Great coffee and cocktails, and stellar draft list -- and super affordable. Food is great, offbeat, but they take a lot of care with what they cook. Worker owned and operated, and you can tell that everyone that works here really cares.Been here several times now, and pizza is involved. I find this place quirky but very welcoming. Bartenders are always very attentive and friendly. Great drinks, good draft beer selection and varied. Easy enough to get involved in a conversation here, which is a good indicator for me and it's generally a cool vibe. The pizza from pizza_gutt is really great, he knocks it out of the park.Conscious and yummy food made by super sweet young guys who are passionate about using the most healthy, local and organic ingredients. Coffee with homemade almond milk, amazing scallion pancakes, beautiful salad, chilled asparagus soup,: every one of them delicious and beautifully presented. Olive oil lavender muffins with hibiscus drizzle and strawberry cobbler. Great service too~ check it out.So, I have been meaning to come here even before Pizza Gutt began... W/N W/N is a coffee bar by day, and a bar by night. Pizza Gutt is this one-man show who serves pizza on certains days of the week. Touted as the first Instagram pizza restaurants. Typically pizza is reserved online through Instagram, but there are several walk-ins available per night. 
Taking no chances, I came with someone just past opening time around 5PM. We were seated immediately and greeted with smiles. They had a great selections of craft beers, cocktails, and coffee. Lots of people were there for drinks and the pizza. We ordered just the Uncle Gutt pizza to share since it is super thick crusted and a generous 10" x 10" square pie. And we were right, because we ended up having one slice leftover. 
Let me just say that they have an amazing red sauce that is highlighted even further by placing the sauce above the cheese! Absolutely delicious. The dough is soft and airy, while the crust is intentionally seared to add flavor and crunch. The toppings were merely the icing on the cake. Everything tasted fresh and decadent, but in such a laid-back and unpretentious way. 
I cannot wait to come back and not only try more of their pizza, but their coffee and cocktails!What a nice cafe and bar employee cooperative. The bartenders were really genuine and helpful. They have lots of local beers on tap and a large menu of cocktails crafted with local spirits. I tried the beer braised beef sandwich with beets and baby kale and it was delicious. This is a cool place to hang out in on your way to a show at Union Transfer.I recently visited and I will definitely be back. The food was awesome. I'd say what I had but I can't remember what it was called except the it was Japanese. The drinks were great, especially loved the Pickelbacks! Doing a shot of Bourbon and then a shot of pickle juice. Remarkably tasty! Turns out we came on open mic night and I decided to go up (something I have never done) and everyone was awesome and encouraging!! Good vibes!I happened upon this coffee bar after a great concert and had the rye chai. Talk about potent! We also caught a few performances that were pretty good. Loved the atmosphere and interactions with the patrons and barista alike. Definitely recommend.Nice chill spot that just opened up on Spring Garden.
I have been here 3 times, once for a draft beer (which was very decently priced) and twice for some coffee/breakfast and to do some writing. Met with nice friendly service every time.  Had the house french press coffee and toast and jam both times and enjoyed it all.
They seem to have a good amount of patrons when I've visited but certainly not crowded or overwhelming. Free wi-fi is of course a plus if you like to utilize the space for writing, etc. I hope to try brunch there soon.
I only hope they continue to grow and thrive in the community!Definitely a local spot. Very hard to find if you were driving by it. None the less, great spot to get a drink and coffee. Can't really say that a lot. Quality coffee AND local beers. The cold brew is on point. Would go back again. Who knows what else goes on here at night. They have events at night, did not stick around for it but they were setting up a DJ table. Not your typical coffee shop.I stopped in to have a brunch/coffee/study date with some friends, and now I honestly can't wait to come back here again. The iced coffee was pretty good, but I do wish they had other types of milk on the counter to add to it instead of just cream. I'm sure they wouldn't have minded if I had asked someone for some 2% instead, but the paper I had to write was calling my name. 
For food, I grabbed the fried tofu po boy at the recommendation of my friend. Holy. Cow. It was so good. While nomming on it, I tried to recall other sandwiches that could compare to its delicousness--and I only came up with two (one in Philly, one back home in Michigan). Super hearty bread, a pickle pesto (!!!), crispy fried tofu, and a nice amount of cole slaw. It was honestly perfect and I'll probably dream of it for the next several weeks!I love W/N W/N (win win). The vibe is coffee shop meets cafe meets bar, but it somehow feels like hanging in a friend's kitchen. It's a great place to have a cocktail and drunkenly befriend the bartendistas. I just coined that term. Additionally, the coffee drinks are expertly prepared and it'd be a good place to sit and get some work done. There is a small, mostly vegan, menu, and I like that you can join in on the staff meal for the night if you are so inclined. Heck, you can buy shares and be an owner if you want. Everyone that works there is super nice and accommodating. It's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.The pizza Gutt pies lived up to all the hype ! We didn't get a chance for drinks this time but with a staff that treats you like you're the only people in the room ... we will surely be back for drinks and more. If I could give more than 5 stars I would .Love this little hidden treasure on Springgarden Ave.! It is a cooperatively owned business (yay, for awesome business practice!) at which all the food is made on location (including their breads). The drink menu is slowly getting expanded, though what they have already is consistently great and creative. Looking forward to seeing this business thrive!I dig the laid back vibe and brew selection. The times I've went have been good different music without being overcrowded and the staff is down to earth. Go here if you want something different in Northern Liberties neighborhood.Wow what a delight! Having a few personal connections running this wondrous establishment, it's great to see this place running and thriving. These guys did such a great job with the atmosphere and MENU. Hard to pick any item because they all sound so fun and delicious. Disclaimer: everything is good and FRESH. Hot damn. Bring your cupe date here, bring your mom, bring your uncle from Alberta, they will all love it, and love you more for taking them here. I had beet crunch open faced sandwich. Bread was the dankest, moist sourdough that I have had probably in the whole city. It's up there with the greats, nothing beats fresh home made bread. And that egg was a thing of beauty in itself, perfectly cooked soft egg. I tired everyone else's food, couldn't keep away. Brunch vegi porridge, forget name, GOOD french toast GREAT all-in-all loved it will be back. Cocktails are extremely great as well if you could not imagine that, and they host a lot of really fun and awesome events and artists. LYLAS W/N W/NAwesome place with some mighty fine hipsters, love the concept and the drinks  but to tell you the truth I go there for the Pizza-Gutt pop ups!!! Omg the best pizza in PhillyWin Win is a cute coffee place by my work. I barely noticed their sign only when I passed by and noticed that something was different about the block. I've been here once and tried their coffee. I ordered a latte and a macchiato. The latte tasted of just milk. I could barely taste the espresso! The macchiato was much stronger tasting but bitter. Maybe it's the coffee beans they use, or maybe the barista needs to watch her extraction time.
The barista was a bit rude and not friendly at all. In my opinion, the barista should be a gem. If you have a coffee bar with a crabby barista, not many people will leave happy. The barista is the first person you will see at a coffee shop and will interact with. Maybe it's the vibe of the bar but it seems like they love to hire pretentious and snobby people. Maybe I will come back to try their food items, but it may not be likely. I like the idea that they operate a co-op but again, I don't know much about it since i would have talked to the barista about it but she was too cool for me obviously.My friend and I stopped in here on a lazy, sunny Sunday, grabbed two beers at the bar and proceeded to have relaxed and uninterrupted conversation for more time than we realized. A present but not obtrusive soundtrack played that perfectly fit the day.
I'm rarely one to spend time in a coffee-oriented place, but I look forward to my next trip here!First of all, the coffee is good, very good, and the people behind the bar are nice. Second, the menu is small but mighty. They have pickles, try them. The decor is colorful, warm, with comfortable seating for just yourself, a pair, a small group of friends. It's a friendly place better for conversation and neighborhooding than working on your electronic device for hours on end. I recommend the latte. The okonomiyaki (cabbage pancake) was just okay, wouldn't get it again, because I like seafood on my okonomiyaki.Popped in w/ my homie last night. Super cool vibes. Super cool cats working behind the bar.
It's one of those spots you say - "let's pop in for a drink, and take off.." but end up staying for a few rounds bc... why leave... the tunes are good, the drink recommendations were on point and the conversation was awesome. 
Good time fasure.Let me just start with saying I'm in love with the Pizza gut pizza! The online reservation was cool and exclusive. The service at win win was amazing and super friendly. The bar is not huge but comfortable. I ordered a pepperoni pizza and a lavender lemonade. The lemonade was perfect and just enough alcohol. The pizza was crispy on the outside and super doughy on the inside. The sauce tasted of super fresh tomatoes, with the combination of pepperonis and onions it was perfect! Will be going here again!!!!Really unique place! Staff is super knowledgeable and I love their concept. It's a local spot for us and I'm sad I didn't try it earlier than I did. The drinks are really well done, and they also have pizza some nights. It really is a win win.I loooooove this place so much. The bartender was so sweet. The staff in general was top notch. Attentive yet laid back. Perfect.
This is a gem in a part of town I wasn't too familiar with and not too far from Temple University. I had so much fun drinking hard cider and laughing all night while listening to the music (their Pandora station was pretty cool).
This is the kind of place you may find in Bushwick or Williamsburg (before it became intolerable)Good vibes all around. A cozy place for a date or conversation over a delicious cocktail. These guys know their booze. I recommend the Jasmine Giant (campari is the only ingredient I remember) but everything looked good. I'll be back to try coffee/food.Pros: Nice drink selection, a small but yummy sounding food menu, and it's open nice and late.
Cons: Unfortunately, it took over an hour for our food to come out (I think the bartender forgot to put in the order), the place kind of smells like old and dusty furniture, and there were flies all over the place circling our heads, our food, and our drinks. Also, the service was very cold when I first walked in, I kind of felt like they didn't think I belonged there or something? Can't explain the feeling, but you know it when it's there. I noticed a few others complained about this, too. The service warmed up as the night went on, however.
I see all of the good reviews on here, but I am torn on this place - I want to love it because it's in my neighborhood, and we are really lacking good cafes around here, but I think it has room for improvement.This place is a much needed addition to the spring garden area. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, plus it's the only place I can get a good espresso and a kenzinger in a single spot. 
Definitely stop by before a show at Union Transfer or just in the area!I ended up here twice in one week for fundraisers and could not be more delighted with my experience both times!
The first time I only had drinks which were delightful and served by a friendly & knowledgeable staff. The atmosphere was fun and the funky decor adds to it just being a place I'd want to hang out. The fact there were supporting a non-profit only added to the evening!
The second time we had dinner which was focused around locally grown or foraged mushrooms. We could not have been more happy with our meal which was lovingly put together by someone who clearly cares about serving tasty and healthful food. 
Any foodie should eat here and any person who enjoys a laid back atmosphere with a nice staff should hang out here. Have not tried the coffee because it's not in my neighborhood but hope to make the journey soon!Great concept place where a coffee shop meets a bar. The decor is really unique and makes it a very comfy place to hangout. The food menu is slightly limited but there are tons of beverage options - alcoholic and non-alcoholic. A wonderful place to go relax or get some work done.Win Win has a great cocktail list, nice rotating beer menu, and a very nice staff. There is always interesting art on the walls.
But let's get to the real reason why you are going to this place. The pizza!
Pizza by Pizza Gutt is worth the hype. I've been following Dan's work since it was random pop-ups and have had it 20+ times. I used to be a thin crust pizza person, but this pizza has changed everything. Not only is he great at cooking pizza, but a really nice guy. 
These pan pizzas have the perfect crust with parmesan burnt around the edges on purpose leading to even more flavor. The specials change weekly so keep an eye on his Instagram account.
This is one of the few pizzas that I can say can be even better next day if you heat it up the right way. Pro tip: start it in a cast iron pan on medium heat and then throw in the broiler until the cheese bubbles.
Show up early for walk-ins if the sign-up sheet is full. It's totally worth it.Cooperatively owned (worker owned and operated!), extremely locally sourced (i.e. farms down the street in North Philly), vegan/veg options aplenty, coffee AND booze at the same damn time...in an unassuming space that does its best to blend into the neighborhood in a way that preserves the character of this beautifully diverse block. The summer dinner was life-altering (most intriguing baba ghanoush I've had, beet soup for the ages, and ratatouille so summery I feel I have the power to stave off fall for another couple weeks. and grilled peach with whipped cream and almond shortbread. with meet-the-farmers segments in between courses). I could continue gushing, but really, NEVER CHANGE, Y'ALL.Go when you have plenty of time...  They take your order (a large coffee with a shot of espresso aka Red Eye) and 12 minutes later you'll leave...  With a small Red Eye.  I wouldn't need the shot of espresso if the coffee had taste.This place has so much character. The walls are covered with interesting artwork and shelves holding old antique knick-knacks. 
Coffee/food is ordered at the counter in the front and then you take a seat. We ordered the Sauerkraut Pancakes and they were so interestingly delicious. There was sourness/crunch from the kraut, sweetness from the hoisin,  and perfectly crispy outside/soft inside of the dough made it a perfect little brunch item. 
The french-press coffee was alright but very acidic. I think next time I will order something different but I just chalk that up to personal preference. 
We did not indulge in the freshly baked goods located at the counter, but I wouldn't mind taking home one of those delightful looking sourdough loaves. 
W/N W/N also has their foot in the nightlife game. They serve local craft beer and cocktails. Brunch to bar. I like it. 
Come in, enjoy the atmosphere and get yourself a sauerkraut pancake (Okonomiyaki: Japanese pancake). You won't leave disappointed.This pizza was amazing, I had the peno popper sans ranch. First of all I should preface that I don't really like deep dish style pizza or pizza with a thicker crust/slice but I honestly didn't even think twice about it while eating this mini pizza. I wouldn't really call it a deep dish style but it is definitely thicker than the average slice I would usually order. Was a little iffy when I ordered it because I thought the cream cheese might totally throw me off but it was just the right amount and really made me think jalapeño popper. Cheese was gooey, bacon was crispy, sauce was flavorful. I can't wait to go back.Great atmosphere, delish chamomile tea, friendly staff, the largest butternut squash I've ever seen, some DJs playing ambient music, superb smells wafting in from the kitchen. The lights were a bit too low which could have been remedied with candles at each table (this would add to the relaxed vibe). The bar is absolutely gorgeous, made of smooth wood, and the espresso machine has vintage charm. The perfect place for intimate conversation, though working at night is a bit rough in the low light!I love this place.  It's a great atmosphere and I love the co-op idea.  I live in the neighborhood and it is a chill alternative to silk city (which I also love but for completely different reasons).  I hope that this is the beginning of a transformation of this portion of Spring Garden.  
I only have one complaint and it is kind of a big one.  I would better hours - perhaps even just a few days a week.  As a place that is half coffee shop half bar, I would like early hours to actually enjoy like a more traditional coffee shop.  Even if just on the weekends.  Perhaps a weekend brunch or something.  Just an idea but I will continue to support this wonderful place.  
We need more cooperative spaces in Philadelphia.Love it here. Great coffee in the morning. Really delicious cocktails and beers at night. The homemade bread was a nice surprise too. I love the atmosphere too. 
They quietly opened a couple weeks ago, so go there before everyone else discovers it.The pizza at this place has a very thick crust more reminiscent of Chicago style pizza than Philadelphia style. It is doughy and heavy. Secondly, the servers in this establishment are rude and unpleasant. The seating is uncomfortable and the coffee is weak. The atmosphere is unwelcoming and the service is slow. Avoid at all costs.This is my first and most likely last review on Yelp. I am compelled to share my opinion because I so love Win Win, the new cafe/bar in my neighborhood. There are lots of reasons for praise but the greatest of those is the overall vibe. The space is  nicely arranged and the feel is extremely comfortable. At Win Win I am as much at ease as I would be at my own kitchen table. The prices are reasonable and staff are friendly enough (for hipsters). My new favorite spot.I'll probably end up calling Win Win "Pizza Gut" when referring to it amongst friends and family. When finding out that this coffee bar housed the Beddia protégé, Daniel Gutter, I knew that I needed to make it a priority to try. Trying to go to Pizzeria Beddia and finding out it was closed for a private event, the next logical step for me was to investigate Win Win/Pizza Gut. 
Like Pizzeria Beddia, Pizza Gut is available Wednesday through Saturday, and there are only a certain number of pies available. Unlike Pizzeria Beddia, you can reserve your Pizza Gut pie in advance and show up during your assigned time. Win Win has spaces to sit down, they take credit card and have a bar. The Pizza Gut experience is easy and casual. The pizza is also excellent. The comparisons (mostly) stop there.
The pies are all Sicilian style in a 10 x 10-inch crust. The quality of the dough reminded me of Pizzeria Beddia. Not because it tasted the same, but because of the TLC and ingredients in it. It was thick on the outside yet light and flakey on the inside. It almost reminded me of the light version of a Chicago deep dish. There had to be some sort of oil or luxurious seasoning in this dough. 
We had to try a tomato pie to get the lay of the land, although tomato sauce, arugula and roasted garlic vinaigrette really isn't basic. We also went with a broccoli pie, which had broccoli and other ingredients that probably sounded good at the time. The ingredients were fresh, light and blended together well. It looks like the menu changes periodically. The pies are also a decent size. I already told you the dimensions, but two pies ended up being two meals. The prices are also reasonable, for gourmet pie standards. 
I really didn't want to come in writing a comparison review, but I probably wouldn't have ever made it to the tiny spot across from Union Transfer if I never fell in love with Pizzeria Beddia pies. I will stand strongly by my word that most Philly pizza is awful. We have phenomenal gourmet pies and specialty shops, but most standard pizzerias fall flat to me. Pizza Gut is absolutely in the category of exceptional Philly pizza. 
It's not a replacement for or copy of Pizzeria Beddia, but it's an extraordinary pie that deserves its own place in Philly pizza hall of fame.I can accurate say that this spot is W/N W/N-winning! After you get over the slightly pretentious spelling, it's all uphill from there. I waited to write this review until I had been here a few times and tried it all: the coffee, the drinks, and the food. My first visit was just okay - the spot was brand new and they had run out of brunch before we arrived, so we settled with the coffee and amazing atmosphere. I came back again a few weeks later with different friends for an afternoon coffee, which was super enjoyable since this spot is walking/biking distance from my house. My only complaint is a lack of bike racks outside, which would probably be used frequently by this sort of clientele. 
However, last Friday's visit tipped it up to five stars. I biked over with my boyfriend to grab some happy hour drinks. We got a spot in the sunny window and sipped on our dollar-off drafts before deciding to order some bar snacks. All in all, we got the pickle plate, stuffed pickled pepper poppers, and the tofu bahn mi. Each item was brought out individually by the chef, who was super friendly and obviously enthusiastic about his craft. It was so nice to get that personal, individualized connection. The pickle plate was varied and unique and the fried poppers were really delicious (don't forget to mop up all the sauce too). I only have two words for the tofu bahn mi though: HOLY WOW. I don't know if I have ever had a tofu sandwich that good. Granted, it didn't really have any classic bahn mi flavors, but when a sandwich tastes that good, you don't complain. Due to a cocktail shortage on some lemonade concoction, I also ended up with a well-crafted martini before I left and would definitely recommend. I'll be back ASAP for more food and drinks-- hopefully brunch next!Great addition to the Spring Garden 'hood! Cheap drinks and a great place to dance on the weekends.I've been hearing the buzz about Pizza Gutt at W/N W/N, and finally got the opportunity to give it a try this past weekend. I was not disappointed!
The coffee bar itself is a nice, cozy little space with just a handful of tables. It's pleasant with lots of plants in the window, natural light, and a mix of rustic and quirky finishings.
They have a well thought-out cocktail list (including a number of cocktails that feature espresso/coffee, which makes sense given the venue) as well as beer and wine. 
As far as the pizza... well, it was fantastic. My friend and I split the Peno Popper. It's a 6-slice pie, and large enough that one pie was plenty for us to share. This particular pie featured mozzarella, jalapenos, cream cheese, bacon, tomato sauce, and a drizzle of ranch. The toppings were generous, and came together to create a really unique and delicious pizza. These pizzas have a thicker crust (that is deliciously crispy on the edges), which I'd normally find to be too much--but it's totally balanced out by the flavors and sheer amount of toppings. 
I'm a fan, and can't wait to make my way back to try another pie.Breakfast sandwich with sausage- off the hook! Fresh bread, runny egg, some kind of sausage that was uniquely yummy, and butter lettuce. Yep- I'm in. Cool, relaxed vibe. Not crowded for Saturday morning. I'm coming back here for sure.Three and a half stars. For brunch.
Walked in with warm happy smiles, to a cozy artsy atmosphere--we (me and the boyfriend) were greeted by frigid faces and unwelcoming service. 
The food was interesting and tasty. However the staff made us feel like our patronage was unimportant and unappreciated throughout the whole experience.
Would possibly go back if I needed to feed a vegetarian or vegan friend. 
Would definitely go back if the employees smiled and treated customers in a warm and friendly way.Boy am I glad that I follow Philly foodies on instagram or it would have taken me longer to find this gem.  I would call this coffee shop a hole in the wall kinda place, but that wouldn't do it justice. Win Win is definitely a diamond in the rough (shout out to Aladdin reference) 
The outside looks a little rough, but the inside is darling. The atmosphere is relaxed, trendy, and cute. Definitely a cute date and a fun place to go for drinks and food with friends. 
I can't speak to the coffee, however their selection looks amazing. They have tons of tea options as well. More importantly, they incorporate some coffee into their alcoholic drinks...aka buzz worthy (; The mixed drinks all looked so good ! But I decided to go for a glass of wine which cost about $7.
The main attraction though...pizza gut. O.M.G. I would like to think I have a really good palette when it comes to tasting and judging Italian food since my family always made homemade Italian dishes, including homemade pizza. I am not exaggerating this is the best pizza I've ever had. First of all, it is thick, fluffy, and crispy all at once. The ingredients are so fresh. You can tell the chef takes time to carefully craft each one.  The tomato/pizza sauce was unlike anything I've ever had and was super light and tasty.  It just made me so happy. The pizza is cut into six slices and is easily shared among two people.  I ate two slices and my bf ate the other 4 (and barely finished the 4th because each slice is very filling).  The pizza was $20 for spinach, sauce, cheese, ricotta, and pecorino. At first I thought ooooh a little pricey. But it is BEYOND worth it. I can't wait to go back.
Also the staff is very welcoming and attentive!You would miss it if you are not looking for it, which is a shame! Amazing coffee at super reasonable prices. Lots of vegan and vegetarian options and they get all their stuff from local farmers. The staff is friendly and helpful. Lots of seating. Perfect place for reading or doing work while enjoying a drink. Oh, and they have beer!stopped in with 4 friends for lunch. Delicious food! we all had a great time sharing and tasting. Everything they served was well received. Saurkraut pancake was absolutely yummy! the desserts were perfect. It was a lovely quiet spot with a very terrific chef and staff. 
They just opened a few weeks ago and the exterior is in need of some sprucing up but once inside the decor is artsy and eclectic.  Best of luck to the owners and staff we wish you lots of good years ahead!Very cool spot for coffee and unique cocktails!! Had their hot toddy, rye chai, and a regular chai and they were all really tasty!! Went on a night they had live music which was really well done. Bartenders were very nice and the vibe was fun and calming. Would come here again, especially on a night they have more music!This is a hipster bar/ coffee bar that is kind of located in nowheresville Philadelphia. Tired of Wawa and Starbucks coffee I wanted to try something new and was glad that we came here. We learned that on Wednesday evenings that they have a "pop-up pizza" shop that they run and the pizza is supposedly really really good! We can't wait to come back and check that out.This is my favorite pizza in the city. We go every other week now and it's borderline an addiction.
Sign up early cause the time slots for pizza fill up quick. But aside from that, the cocktails and drafts are just watcha need to wash down the pizza or just hang for a bit. The staff is always super nice, has that "we're just a bunch of friends serving you food and drink" kind of feelThe pizza is very good. If you're into pizza, I recommend it. Not too cheesy to make you feel bad for eating it, and the bready crust ought to soak up that booze. They don't have any other food, so I was forced to eat their delicious pizza. Poor me 
But for real, can the People get some chicken fingers or something? Wait staff is chill.Mike is awesome!! This place is so authentic...you have your option of alcohol, coffees, appetizers (all ingredients made in house ), plus it turns into a club come 9pm on Fridays and Saturdays with a DJ and dance floor...definitely try the hot toddy!!Pizza Gut-he's a one man show that offers crispy, fluffy, cheeesey and tasty pizza by posting on instagram weekly so make sure to follow on instagram! Very cool and yet competitive concept but I guess that's how it remains a bit exclusive. After many weeks, my sister finally snagged 2 spots on his list (each spot claims 1 pizza). We enter W/N and were seated and was pleasantly impressed with the funky decor. Some people were there for the drinks and some that made the cut for the pizza that night..we felt pretty badass. 
We went for the spicy pineapple bacon pizza and a classic cheese. OH. my. GOODNESS. It's almost like a deepdish pizza with the crunchiest crust, fluffiest dough and tastiest sauce. I told myself I was only going to limit myself to half of each slice (slices were pretty large since they were thick). Instead, my gluttony got the best of me and ended up eating two whole slices. No regrets. Will definitely try and snag another spot when I'm craving a reallllllly good pizza!Our office just moved in across the street from Win Win this week, and my coworkers and I are all wishing it was open during the day on weekdays because we are coffee fiends. As far as we can tell, Win Win is the only coffee place in the Eraserhood. It's kind of like not being able to play with your brother's Star Trek retro bridge playset because he won't let you open the box.Everyone comes on here to say how great the pizza is and people.. the pizza. is. great. May be one of the most creative and tasty pizzas in the whole city. It's hard to come by so make sure you place your order ahead of time online for the time slot you'll be here. Other than the pizza though, the bar itself is a really homey and cozy. Great place to meet a few friends and hang out. They have a good selection of craft beer and a handful of interesting cocktails. Add it to the list if your bar hopping china town area.I had never heard of this place until my favorite pizza in the city, Pizza Gutt, started having pop ups here last summer on Wednesday nights at which point I became a regular. 
To be fair I actually still have never had a coffee here, but the cocktails are great and they have a pretty solid draft beer listing despite having less than 10 options.
But, the true reason I go here multiple times a month is for the gutter pie, which is actually my hands down favorite pizza. It speaks volumes that I would say this about a thick crusted pizza as I am a hardcore thin crust supporter....but who could resist a delicious square pizza with cheese encrusted crispy crust. He offers the coolest twists, last week there was a basil whipped ricotta spinach pizza that was amazing, and even his buffalo chicken pizza is delicious - and I normally wouldn't be caught dead eating a buffalo chicken pizza (not all great things must be combined into one). He just gets it and made me change all my beliefs on 'za. 
If it's your first time you must start with the plain cheese (don't be tempted to pass this up for the more flashy offerings...trust me you'll be back again) as his sauce is beyond perfect and everyone should enjoy the humbling experience of this one first.Was really excited to try this place out but when I came at 11:30pm and the doors were locked. Sat outside for a little bit waiting on my Uber and they were only opening the door for people that they knew.Last night was quite an experience! I have been waiting months to try the infamous Pizza Gutt and last night my dreams came true. We ordered the spinach pizza and were not disappointed! The dough is so light and fluffy and the tomato sauce is on point and the pizza is super cheesy and amazing! I loved every minute of this pizza!!
Other than the pizza, Win Win Coffee Bar itself is a pretty cool atmosphere, great attentive service. Cocktails were delicious, I had the orange lavender lemonade and my date had the whiskey cardamom cocktail, both tasty. We also got live entertainment from karaoke night, and boy does this crowd sing! I would be back in a minute to experience karaoke again!I've only been here to pick up Pizza Gutt pies a few times, but the bartenders have always been more than gracious and friendly during the wait. Their drink menu is small but mighty in the rotating craft selection. And the same goes for their cocktails. I'm so glad to have seen this partnership work the way it has. Love that this coffee bar has been very supportive to local artisans throughout the years! We need more places like this in the city.Great neighborhood joint. Some of the most interesting cocktails in the city. Don't sleep on the food either - the fried chicken and the dino kale caesar salad are fabulous. Be aware that Pizza Gutt no longer operates out of here, so don't expect any pizza! Pizza Gutt has his own restaurant in Kensington called Circles + Squares (which I've been dying to try!).Stopped in here to hang while by kids saw a show at Voltage Lounge around the corner. So glad I did. Got the Farm Burger and it was amazing!! Service was really friendly. Owner chatted all the guests. Wish I didn't have to drive 3 teenagers home because the bar is fully stocked. Might treat myself to one of the coffee drinks and maybe even dessert. Couple next to me had something chocolate that looked awesome. Great spot!Tonight they missed the mark. We started by ordering 3 pumpkin ciders with 1 IPA. We got 3 IPAs and 1 pumpkin cider. Talk about a disappointing start. The beers were good and the food was really good. The ketchup was filled a quarter of the way up the container which made it hard to dip anything in it. Only 1 out of 4 people got a silverware setup. No follow-up was done after the food was dropped off. Atmosphere is comfortable and great for a pregame drink or even a date night out.Came at 9pm to sit at a table, and before even sitting down we were carded and told to leave without any kind of greeting. We're college students under 21, but just wanted to order food. There wasn't indication that the place was 21+, especially at a table. The waiter said you need to be 21+ to go to any bar in Philly, but we've been to various bars across Philly to order food and weren't carded. There was little courtesy, and it was frustrating considering we were just trying to sit down and eat. If the staff had at least been polite  I would accept that the place just had weirdly strict rules, but they were completely inconsiderate and unapologetic.Win win coffee bar had the best hospitality and customer service I've ever experienced. 
Fried chicken pancakes, mimosas and Jamaican Russian was some of the best food/drinks I've ever had ! 
Loved it so much later that night I attended the Thursday night event, music and vibe was great I would recommend this place to everyone.This hole in the wall coffee shop is absolutely adorable. The hipster-esque decor and vibe mixed with the hip hop that was playing was the perfect clash of culture. Their menu is limited but everything is fresh and made well. They have amazing rye bread!Win Win Coffee Bar indeed does serve coffee and is also a bar, but this review focuses on neither of those specialities. Instead, I'm talking about Pizza Gutt. 
Every week, chef Gutter posts on his Instagram account a link to reservations, one pizza per reservation. So if you want to order two pizzas, you have to reserve two spots within the same time slot. Then, there seems to be some flexibility for walk-ins, which chef Gutter sometimes posts about on his Instagram story. 
You come in and order from the small menu, which includes a tomato pie, a cheese pizza, and another pie more elaborate. Some custom toppings are also available. The pizzas are made to order. 
I went for the cheese pizza on my first visit this last week. It arrived at my table fresh out of the oven, visibly steaming and audibly bubbling. The pizza is pretty unique for this area, as it's pretty Detroit style. It's square and thick crust, but very crisp on the bottom and has a great mild bready flavor in the freshly risen middle. I am a complete sucker for the caramelized cheese on the side, which my friend said reminded her of the flavor of a Cheez-It. 
The sauce is, to me, perfect. I really dislike sauces that are too sweet, and thankfully this one is not, and instead has a really focused and intense tomato flavor. 
The portion is definitely large enough for one pizza to serve two people.
I have one complaint, or suggestion, which is that the pizza would be better served with some kind of a wire rack on the bottom so that the steam and other juices won't conspire to make the crust soggy after it's served. I say this because the first slice is absolute perfection but as I ate more, after about 10 minutes, the beautiful crust had gone limp. 
That said, I love this pizza and I think it's my favorite in the city. I've had other great pizzas here, even the famed Pizzeria Beddia, but this one is everything I love. I'd recommend it to anyone, but should I, given the limited spots for reservations?
Let me finish with my suggestions for reheating: first, to make that crust nice and crisp again, put it in a pan (preferably cast iron) on the stove over medium heat for a few minutes, then pop in the oven directly on the oven rack for a few minutes. It'll come out perfectly crunchy again.Fantastic food. The chicken was amazing, the Mac and cheese was amazing. The staff is top notch and the chef came out to make sure everyone was happy. Highly recommend!!