This is a great breakfast place! Also they except cards which apparently is not common in Philadelphia at daughters. I had this excellent breakfast sandwich with bacon and pickles and an aioli on brioche with a homemade hot sauce. The staff is friendly and inviting and conversational. Also they buy their coffee locally and also pastries. They work with the award winning bakers. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone!Celebrated my birthday with friends and enjoyed a delicious brunch! Atmosphere and service was excellent! Shoutout to Peter and Joncarl who were a fabulous host!Great place for brunch. My husband and I tried this cafe out this morning for the first time and were extremely pleased! We both had crab cake eggs Benedict and deep fried French toast and it was heavenly! The coffee was delicious. Definitely coming back.Traveling through the East Coast. we had our first Philadelphia breakfast at Winkel. This place is very popular and for a good reason--food taste great, even simple potatoes. Portions are huge--easily can split one dish for two people, We ordered eggs benedict, mushroom omelette, salad and potatoes and one more of something--fantastic. If you in the neighborhood--a must try for breakfast and brunchJust opened, this is the latest spot from by Chef Joncarl Lachman. I've been to most of the others, like Noord, Neuf, The Dutch, and this one is a very worthy addition. Great and delicious food, really cute and comfortable space, and super welcoming service. It has breakfast and lunch menus every day and weekend brunch.I had honestly the most lovely time at Winkel this past week! I was on a first date (complete with first date jitters), and our server Gabe was absolutely the kindest person, keeping me company while I anxiously waited! 
I had the waffles with an apple-pear compote: PERFECTION  
Everything was absolutely delicious and well-prepared. I hope to be back soon!Hands down. The best brunch I have had in a very long time. I will be talking about Winkel for a while. We came early and there were plenty of available seats. The server came immediately to the table and took our drink orders as we simultaneously sat down. Now that is service. Amazing coffee may I note. 
I ended up ordering the special, a softshell crab BLT. We also split the Strawberry Almond deep fried French Toast. Simply amazing!!! The BLT was a total treat. And I did not regret one bite of it. The french toast was the perfect dessert. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Packed with flavor. 
Absolutely coming back again and again.Found this gem on a whim! Such a cozy and nice sized brunch spot. Great environment to take amazing photos. There's an mural directly across the street in a garden, thank me later! Great pancakes, eggs, potatoes and scrapple! And James our server was so kind, friendly and professional! It's my new brunch spot in Philly!I stopped in for lunch during a conference. Service was great, menu was very diverse, and I had the most beautiful omellete with toast, potatoes, and salad. I absolutely recommend Winkel for a lunch treat!Went for breakfast and the food is amazingly awesome. Ingredients are fresh and thoughtful. The flavors are unique.Amazing byob brunch spot ! I got the crab cake Benedict 10/10 FANTASTIC. Great food great atmosphere!!Definitely my new favorite brunch spot and the prix-fixe weekend brunch is such a great deal!  You definitely won't leave hungry or disappointed.  There's something for every kind of diner, whether you're more adventurous (the rabbit frittata) or more traditional.  I had the Dutch shrimp and grits and it was cooked perfectly.  My boyfriend's dad doesn't even like grits and he absolutely loved these.  My boyfriend got the Parker House roll sandwich and said the brown sugar bacon had just the right amount of sweetness and that it wasn't overpowering.  His parents got the special 4 cheese omelet and the smoked sausage, red cabbage, and gouda omelet--they both loved them.
Definitely check out this charming new restaurant!Wow! Instantly obsessed with this new gem. First, the food was amazing! I ordered the shrimp and grits. I'm from the south so I'm a pretty tough critic when it comes to this dish. It ranks up there with one of the best shrimp and grits I've ever had...that's huge! The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and cooked while served over some deliciously smooth grits. I loved the addition of the peppers and blistered tomatoes...perfect bite all together!
The ambiance was laid back, yet attentive. There's this bad ass larger than life print of a car on the back wall that greets you as you walk in. Also, the tile along the wall is beautiful! Everyone was super nice and the food came out incredibly fast. For a new restaurant, this place already runs like a well oiled machine!I'd been wanting to check out Winkel for a little while and then I saw a rave review from one of my favorite yelpers and I made the plan. My friend wanted to take me out for a -week -late -birthday -brunch and I quickly decided upon Winkel. One of the best birthday decisions ever. 
The place is adorable. Clean, minimal, soft colors and a bustling and friendly space. We were greeted warmly, promptly served ice water and coffee and received a low down on the specials. Marvelous. Then I saw Joncarl Lachman (he doesn't know it, but we are on a first name basis) and all of the warmth and good energy I was already picking up on made perfect sense. It's Joncarl Lachman! One of the owners from my favorite brunch spot...Noord! Oh man. He is the guy that took this space over and is now offering up a lovely menu with cheesy omelets, shakshuka, pancakes, rabbit frittata...This is gonna be good. Better than I was even anticipating. 
And it was. Down to every detail. I ordered the red flannel hash...two sunny eggs, corned beef, root vegetables, creme fresh and thyme. Oh my goodness. The flavors, textures and composition of this dish. The corned beef was smokey and thick and the creme fresh gave this dish such a richness. My friend got the four cheese omelet and said it was delicious. And just like Noord, the energy of this place makes one feel as if lingering over delicious food and conversation is the most important part of life....cause you know...it kind of is. 
One more thing... it's a byob so don't be shy with the mimosas. Definitely make this lovely spot a destination. You will be glad that you did.This seems to be a theme in the reviews of Winkle, but I cannot wait to go back to this place. I was here for lunch with a couple of friends on a Thursday. There was no wait, it was around noon, it did get busy as we ate but still not really wait for a table. Service was impeccable, super attentive with refills of water and coffee, food was out quickly.  I had the house smoked salmon salad. It was fresh, light and delicious. Each bite had the perfect amount of zesty dressing. My friend had the special, shrimp frittata. I tried a bite and it was delicious. It was served with a side salad and toast. The menu is full of things I am dying to try on my next visit, I ordered the salad because I keep a strict no low carb diet during the week, and every other option was just carb decadent, but I cannot wait to indulge on my next visit! I very much want to try the herring salad, or any of the omelets. 
The restaurant itself has a very cool diner feel. I used to live around the corner several years back and would have loved Sunday brunch at this little spot.I've been twice in a week's time ! Great energy, and the food is on point ! Love the whole vibe- it's a perfect addition to the gayborhood!Came here for brunch with my girlfriends and we had a great experience. Our food was delicious, and the service was equally awesome. Highly recommended!!Great new spot in Philly. 11th and Locust. 
Stopped here with my wife for brunch on a Sunday and was not disappointed. Got a table right away, server and food was on point. Nice atmosphere. Would definitely recommend. A+A place worth trying if you are hankering breakfast/brunch. A solid place to get a meal. They've removed the grease, but amplified the ingredients to perfection. Ordered simple scramble eggs and can easily say it's the best plate of eggs I've ever had. The Jeremy Bread was delicious when accompanied with the berry preserve. The Brown Sugar Bacon and Cheddar omelet was delicious. Didn't care for the potato side, but wasn't upset about it enough to reduce the score.An enjoyable breakfast spot! Had the crab cake Benedict and tasted my friend's chicken and waffles with scrapple gravy. The latte I had was good; they use rival brothers coffee. We sat outside in the front and it was a lovely day; the street is generally quiet on a weekend morning. 
My thoughts on the Benedict was that the crab cakes were tasty with perfectly cooked eggs, delicious side of potatoes and small salad. The the hollandaise tasted more like frothy butter with no lemon punch in there to break through the richness of the fried crab cakes. The chicken and waffles had quite a lot of whipped butter on top, and while I do have an unholy love for butter, the stomach ache I had afterward from scrapple gravy and that butter was unpleasant. The chicken itself was not particularly good- it was a bit tough. That said, the waffle was so good and I would love to come back and have another of those. I would like to try a lot of the other menu items that looked just delicious. All in all, this is a definite yes recommendation, but would suggest to the restaurant to balance some of those rich/fatty items out a little more so they aren't so heavy and greasy.Came here for brunch a few weeks ago and it was great! Such a cute place on locust. Some tables outside and a lot of seating inside. Right when you walk in their is a little cafe if you just want some good coffee, and the restaurant is to the left. Good size, not too loud but still lively. The kitchen was open, and I love that. Oh right, the food. Very good! My friend had the Belgium waffles, pretty standard, with fresh berries (that were actually fresh) on top. I had the crab cake Benny that was encrusted with something and dear lord it was delicious! Had I not been going out after, I would have brought the rest home because I couldn't finish it all. And the wait staff were so sweet! My friend was a little late and your whole party needs to be there to be seated, so while I waited they offered me coffee and water and told me just to take a seat at the bar area in the cafe. We were joking around. They were great.
Best part is that it's BYOB which is hard to find in center city.
Definitely recommend going at least once.I had the shrimp frittata, it was the special. It was delicious. Service was fast and friendlyWow new spot food was great. Yummy Great Big Breakfast..Hatfield Scrapple, smoked sausage, honey bacon, and fresh salad with pickled cucumbers and roasted potatoes with onions. 
We will be back and Loell was great and attentive.What a great addition to the neighborhood! The food was delicious and I love that there are vegetarian options! The buzz around this spot is here for a reason! And great service too. Can't wait to come back!Noord is on my bucket list, so I was excited to try Winkel. While I found my server to be fabulous, friendly, and competent, the food left a lot to be desired.
Before I go any further, I should tell y'all that I'm picky about crab. I only started including it in my brunch rotation after falling head over heels in love with The Crabby Dick at Hawthorne's Biercafé.
So after success with a few crabby brunches, I was excited to try the mustard crisp crab cake benedict on Winkel's menu, which sounded promising. I had a feeling it would involve high quality crab and, well, be crisp.
It wasn't. The two gloppy, soggy lukewarm crab cakes were served on a basic Thomas (I believe?) English muffin. They tasted as though they'd been reheated. Too much filler and too little crab, too much Old Bay, and overpowering lemon made this dish memorable in the wrong ways. The hollandaise was nice, though, and the eggs were cooked appropriately for a benedict situation. Naturally, the cakes couldn't stand up to the addition of all that sauciness, between the hollandaise and the busted yolks, which made things even mushier.
I was hangry af and took a few quick forkfuls until the gravity of the situation hit me. After that, I couldn't bear to take another unpleasant bite. So instead, I focused on the fresh green side salad and hash that came with the crab cakes. The hash was lukewarm but the potatoes were tasty and cooked through, and the salad dressing had the perfect acidity to cut through the richness of the hollandaise. 
This dish wasn't cheap, especially considering the sad main attraction. I felt nauseous afterwards because that crab just did not sit right with me. 
It's hard not to notice the myriad glowing reviews. Frankly, I think I may give Winkel another shot, despite my experience, and that's for a few reasons. They're hot and new and growing pains do happen. It's a great space with lovely staff, and there were a few other menu dishes that appealed to me. 
But until visit number two happens, this review stands.Awesome service! Very nice & attentive! Food was Spectacular. Beyond satisfied! Menu is unique and the flavors transport you to farm to table experience.I knew Winkel was going to be good but I was really blown away. We went on opening day and I could not tell they opened hours before we arrived. We were greeted immediately by our cheerful waiter and opted to sit outside. My only complaint is I wish there was more covering (i.e. umbrellas or an extended awning) in the outside area. The sun in the city can be so hot.
Everything on the menu looked amazing but our waiter suggested the Deep Fried French Toast. It was SO decadent and delicious. It had a beautiful thin crispy crust and the bread even had strawberries in it. The french toast was surrounded by a pool of almond custard that was so light. It was topped with homemade whipped cream that (thankfully) didn't have any sugar in it.  
My fiance had the Parker House Roll Breakfast sandwich which should be in the running for the best breakfast sandwich in the city. I do not know how Chef Joncarl made that bacon but OMG was it amazing.  Don't even get me started on the aioli and the cheese.
They also have their own nitro brew coffee which is so smooth.  Service was impeccable.  I cannot wait to go back!This place is great! Even my picky eater son loved it! Gabe was awesome! He told us that their bacon was really good and in the words of my 6 year old "They weren't lying!" Definitely check this place out!The next time I'm in Philly I'm getting a hotel near Winkel so we can eat here every day. We had three entrees: pear & Brie omelette, vegetable sautée, and hot chicken sandwich. We each cleared our plates. The salad perfectly complemented my omelette and the potatoes...I could eat those daily.Lovely food! Lovely service! I was in town for a conference and decided to stop by for some lunch with my co-workers. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the most pleasant man - Robert - who was so sweet and attentive the entire time we were there. He made us feel like he was our friend and had known us forever. It was such a nice feeling! We ordered several entrees to share, including the deep fried strawberry almond fresh toast (please try this--it's amazing!), the salmon sandwich, the crab cake Benedict and the shashuka. All were delicious and well portioned. The sandwich and Benedict came with a beautiful side salad with the freshest greens! The real winner was the deep fried French toast. I normally avoid fresh toast because it can be dry and lacking flavor but this one was so delicious. Deep frying it gave it a crispy exterior and a soft, fluffy interior. It was full of flavor from the strawberries to the almond sauce. I was extremely impressed and wanted to eat the entire thing myself but sadly had to share with others. The prices are very reasonable for the portion size! The owner was running around waiting tables with a smile on his face. It was all so lovely and warmed my heart and filled my belly! I would highly recommend this place and now know what it's like to eat at a true 5 star reviewed place.Wow, what a great find while in Philly for the weekend. The service was top notch and the food...AMAZING! Did I mention I went for brunch Saturday and Sunday :-) 
You must try it for yourself. It will not disappointment.Such a cute spot! Came here on a Saturday morning (1pm) and there was a small wait (20 min). The place is pretty large in size with lots of seating. Service was friendly and we got seated within our wait time. Food was great! I got the mushroom omelette and my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles. Both were amazing and super tasteful. The food came out in a short amount of time. Definitely would come back :)Hands down my new favorite brunch spot! I did the prix-fixe brunch on a Sunday morning. It was beautiful weather so my boyfriend and I sat outside. The price-fixe brunch includes Jonathan's grilled bread, coffee/tea/soda, small juice, and your choice of entree. Coffee is refillable! And also, it is BYOB!
Jonathan's grilled bread with the house made jam and butter was such a great starter to your meal. It was so good, I wished I could've taken some home. I ordered the mustard crisped crab cake benedict and it really melted in my mouth. It is seasoned with old bay, I think this is what makes it taste great. I am picky about my crab cakes, but this is the best one I've had in philly. Just 1 crab cake was filling enough for me, but the meal comes with 2. My boyfriend ordered the braised & fried chicken, scrapple gravy, and maple syrup. This was also very filling. The whipped cream added was a nice touch and it is definitely not from a can. Everything just tastes authentic and everything is worth every penny.
Service A+! Friendly staff and very attentive. I left feeling very full and satisfied. I have no complaints at all about Winkel. I highly recommend and will definitely be returning to try the other items on the menu!Beautiful, satiating food. The wait May intimidate you, but don't worry, it goes by instantaneously fast. They have vegetarian options, meat options, and such homey scrumptious pie- but no matter what you get you will feel warm and cozy, akin to a delicious meal at your southern grandma's house (even if you don't have one)
Friendly service. 
Only drawback are those blasted paper straws.Absolutely loved the chicken and waffles with gravy and the fried crab cake Benedict. Coming back for sure!AMAZING!  There were  7 of us on Sunday morning. Short wait for a table, but not a big deal. Server was great, made sure we had everything we needed, at all times. Of course, the food was the star of the show! Everyone absolutely loved their meal! Joncarl knocks it out of the park, again! Too bad the Phillies can't do the same!!Unique menu, friendly service, and plenty of outdoor seating! The food is simple but so tasty, highly recommend!Parker roll breakfast sandwich is such a good combo of yummy bread, eggs, lettuce and pickles.  Are outside and staff was prompt and friendly.  Highly recommend.Great atmosphere, friendly staff and fresh delicious food. The Strawberry Almond Deep-Fried French toast is yummy.Amazing pulled pork special today. Dish was very balanced, full of flavors and textures. Great service, relaxed atmosphere. Everyone was very friendly on the staff. I am only in town for the weekend but I would come back again!Second review. Went here for lunch today and I wish that I could award a six star. AWESOME! I had a smoked salmon club sandwich and wife had a new creation - salad with roasted chicken, goat cheese, strawberries,blackberries and a berry vinaigrette. Both were unbelievably awesome and very creative. My third AWESOMEAwesome food great service, the grilled Ruben was incredible, the salmon is absolutely delicious!!!Stumbled upon this gem after finding out that Green Eggs Cafe was an hour wait. We were greeted and walked right in and it had plenty of seating. The servers were extremely nice and actually made us feel at home. Not to mention they were very attentive with our needs and filling our water glasses. NOW to the food! AMAZING! Had absolutely no complaints and the eggs, red potatoes and brown sugar bacon were phenomenal in my Bacon Lettuce Tomato Omelet! ($14) The decor is also really cute too. You can actually see the kitchen from your table and see what the chef is doing. If im ever in the area again, I'll def be back again!Unquestionably the most creative and fun brunch in town.
The rabbit frittata is the crown jewel of the Lachman (the chef) gastronomic bag of tricks.The best chicken and waffles i've ever had! Everything is perfect. Actually, you can order anything from the menu and still be satisfied with it.Absolutely phenomenal! Came in off the train from traveling for a business trip. Snow flurries and rain. Had my service dog and business partner. This place was absolutely awesome! Staff, setting, food!! All exceptional. If you get the chance stop in for a bite!!Amazing French toast! They do a great byob service here, definitely a spot to try while in Philadelphia. Service was really good too and very affordable.I went here pretty recently for lunch and the best part was, I didn't have to wait long for a table. The staff was really friendly. I got the "Cremini Mushroom, Goat Cheese, Parsley" omelet and found the eggs to be so soft, moist, and full of flavor. We also got the "Strawberry Almond Deep Fried French Toast", which was out of this world! Would definitely recommend!Lovely spot! Great atmosphere full of friendly staff. Everyone seemed happy and welcoming. Menu offered breakfast focused and lunch focused options. For breakfast there was mostly savory items available with only a couple sweet options. I went with a group of 4 around 11:30 on a Monday and was seated immediately. Everyone's food was outstanding. Deliciously flavorful and fresh. Also the coffee was amazing as well, very smooth and flavorful as well. Definitely want to revisit this spot.Fantastic spot in Center City for breakfast and lunch! Everyone is super friendly and the food + ambiance are great!I live in the area, and I thought I'd give it a try. All of our food was amazing, especially the strawberry stuffed French toast. The service was amazing as well, very attentive and kind. Great food, great service, and great atmosphere. Short wait as well!Brunch is a scam. Breakfast is whenever you wake up, regardless of the day. Lunch is your second meal. There is no such thing as "brunch", it's a marketing ploy to get you to spend $30 on alcohol and mediocre eggs. With all that being said, I must give it up to Winkel, which  delivered an exceptional meal as well as impeccable service. Hands down, the best brunch experience I've ever had. 
I had a latte [$4] which was smooth and creamy. There were no extraneous notes of fruit or fairy dust, or other weird garbage I don't like. I don't know what brand of beans Winkel uses but I can definitely get behind it. And whoever was behind the espresso bar was a genius. No burnt espresso here.
I chose to go a-la-a carte and had the Bacon and Blueberry Pancakes [$14]. Holy moly. The bacon and blueberries are worked into the batter. Thus, you get the perfect bite of pancake each time. The perfect symphony of salty and sweet/tart. The pancakes are the size of your face and come three to an order, slathered with butter, and maple syrup on the side. There was also a piece of crispy bacon on top. My kind of garnish! It looks like the pancakes are made to order, as we saw one of the chefs carrying a large mixing bowl. 
I'm gluttonous and ordered a side of scrapple [$5]. I also really just wanted to try scrapple since I've never had it before. I don't have a frame of reference for it but it tastes like a fried pork or sausage patty and I think I'm a fan. They give you two patties. I couldn't finish the whole portion so the waitress wrapped it up in some tin foil,  which makes for some easy scrapple snacking later. 
My boyfriend had the Belgian Waffle with Fried Chicken and Scrapple Gravy [$15]. He was a fan. Just like my pancakes, the waffle was light and fluffy. 
The bill came to $45, two drinks, two entrees, and a side. Tip not included. Let's just say, I am throughly impressed and can't stop raving about these pancakes. 
___________ 
Winkel opens at 9:00AM on the weekend so I was concerned when we didn't arrive until 10:30am that there was going to be a wait. We were sat right away, at a table in the middle of the room. 
Unlike in New York, there was plenty of space between tables. By the time we were half way through our meal, the restaurant did start to fill up, but it didn't seem unbearable. There's also seating outside, but it's 100 degrees. Plus the decor of the restaurant is cute, so you don't want to miss that and the open kitchen..Cute dutch-tinted brunch spot. A friend and I were exploring the city for the day and settled into this place for a light lunch. Despite being a Monday, there were very few open tables remaining when we arrived and even a brief wait as we were walking out. The place is brand new, so they were experiencing some typical growing pains, like being out of a few menu components, but we were alerted promptly and steered back on the right path by the servers. The interior is spacious and open, with a wall to wall front window giving the space lots of natural light. Everyone we spoke with throughout our meal was warm, friendly, and attentive. Big plus for the well-maintained gender-neutral restrooms, even though that seems fairly commonplace for this area.
I had a beet and gouda salad that was exactly what I was hoping to have for a light lunch. Everything on the plate was fresh and appetizing, though I wished I had spinach or arugula as the salad was built on a pretty unexciting pile of romaine lettuce. The standout component was the young gouda and I wish I'd been eating shaves or chunks of it instead of trying to scoop up the grated morsels. My friend's fried french toast was too sweet for my taste, but decidedly well executed and very pretty. 
I think once some of the fairly benign kinks get worked out this will be a fantastic casual brunch spot and I will definitely be back to check in on it!Wife and I went to Winkel for breakfast today. What a marvelous time. GREAT COFFE!  Wife had classic Benedict and o had Salmon Benedict. Both dishes were awesome. Service was excellant.  Get here before it becomes famous, which will happen soon!I ordered the first option of buttermilk pancakes without the lemon and they were probably the best pancakes I have ever had. The staff was very kind and there was an air conditioned waiting area. Seemed welcoming to everyoneCame here when one of the other brunch spots nearby had a huge wait. So glad we did, the staff were super friendly, the BYOB is always a nice perk, and the food was delicious. I got the Maastrichts Zurvlees waffle, basically a pot roast Belgian waffle where the meat is a little sour with vinegar, similar to German sauerbraten. Portions were very generous, coffee was good, and the orange juice fresh squeezed. They've only been open a couple weeks but I hope this place is around for a long time to come!My husband and I dined at Winkel on its opening week. We were so impressed with the menu that we ordered an additional dish because we just wanted to try everything. The food was fantastic, the service was A++. The portion sizes are not skimpy you will not leave unsatisfied or hungry. I usually takes pictures of my food but everything was so awesome that I just dived in.  Add this to your go to restaurants list. You will not be disappointed.  Job well done!!!This is what our neighborhood has been needing for a long time - a FANTASTIC breakfast/lunch place with outstanding food and service.  All I can say is that I will return again and again! They employees work as a team - everyone is there to make your meal enjoyable! I wish they were open for dinner - - - - but - - - one has to go to their elegant place on Passyunk!!!Great brunch. Great service. This is my go-to place for breakfast and lunch.I never write Yelp reviews, but after eating here today, I just had to. I went with my mom and two friends, and our experience was incredible. The shop itself is so cute (and air conditioned!) and has a very welcoming vibe. The staff is so sweet, and the waiters constantly made sure that our glasses were full and that we were satisfied. The food was phenomenal. We were so torn about what we wanted to eat because everything on the menu looked delicious. And it tasted even better! Highly recommend this place for brunch.EXCELLENT!!!!!!
Went there Sat morning July 28.
The decor is very welcoming and subtle.
My wife had the Strawberry Almond Deep Fried French Toast and she savored every bite of it. It was done perfect and the whipped cream was house made. 
I had the Parker House Roll Breakfast Sandwich that had pickles on it so I said hey why not and believe me the pickles went great with the over medium eggs. Who would imagine pickles and eggs and the sandwich was fantastic. Our waiter who name escapes me was beyond fantastic, so very friendly and welcoming. 
We have noticed at some other eateries that they don't serve regular sugar only Splenda or sugar in the raw and when we asked our server if he had any he winked and said I'll get it. He brought out 2 containers of sugar that made our coffee better. 
Why is there no regular sugar  already on the table or some eateries don't offer it at all?
What really impressed me was the hostess and host who kept walking around and checking on the tables more coffee, water or simply to remove some empty sugar packets. They showed a lot of caring for what was going on with the clientele. 
You will not go wrong for having breakfast there and will enjoy all the staff.
WELL DONE WINKLE WELL DONE!Great breakfast spot. Hip vibe, all the cool kids were there (many with their own kids).  Food was excellent. And service was wonderful. A keeperThis place is well deserving of the 5 star rating. The staff was friendly and very attentive even though they were slammed. The food came out quickly and was top quality. We got the Shakshuka, open faced ham and egg sandwich and the chocolate chip banana pancakes. Everything was cooked to perfection and all very reasonably priced. Their entire menu looks delicious and I'm excited to go back and try the rest of the menu.Great place for lunch.  Large portions and great choices.  Avoid looking up the definition of the name in the urban dictionary!! 
Absolutely will go back again 
Enjoy!Absolutely love this new brunch spot. I have been there about 3 or 4 times since it's opened this past summer. I'm a simple person but love a little twist to the food cuisine and winkel has it! My first dish I tried was the continental breakfast which includes unlimited coffee from rival brothers, glass of juice, special bread with a nice spread. It's so simple that I can't get enough of it sometimes. My next couple times I tried one of their specials that had the crab Benedict and also one of their 3 cheese omelet. Honestly, the menu is so fun I love going there and trying something different! Also it's BYOB! Booze on ya on time!We decided to try Winkel for breakfast after another restaurant near by had a long line. Happy we did!! We had the vegetable frittata and the egg sandwich. Both were delicious!! Came with a salad and we ordered an extra side of potatoes. Food was fresh and we were satisfied. Prices reasonable. Will definitely stop by again when visit Philly next time. Would be a regular if we lived there. Service was great!!My girlfriend and I stopped in for Sunday brunch this past weekend and enjoyed the experience. The place was, predictably, doing pretty good business - it was a well-reviewed, new-ish restaurant in Center City on a Summer Sunday with temperatures in mid-70s. We waited for about 20 minutes, but that was what they told us to expect, and we were allowed to grab seats at a waiting bench and familiarize ourselves with the menu. The place is wonderfully spacious - not just in the "high ceilings creating the effect of space" way, but in terms of the floor plan, too. All of this to say, the wait was fine.
My girlfriend ordered the Deep-fried Strawberry Almond Bread Pudding French Toast (what a mouthful of a name!), while I debated items like The Great Big Breakfast, Rabbit, White Bean, Chive Frittata, Shrimp & Dutch Grits, and Carbonnade (which sounded a bit on the heavy side for me since I was still in a breakfast state of mind). I wound up swerving on all of that and ordered a Smoked Sausage, Red Cabbage, Gouda Omelet and a table side of Jonathan's Grilled Bread.
Neither one of us was 100% smitten with our orders, but that's hardly to say they were bad or we didn't enjoy them. My gf wished that there had been more of a strawberry compote/jam with the french toast (rather than just fresh sliced berries) and didn't necessarily think that the deep frying produced a better product than usual french toast technique. In spite of those two minor complaints, she liked her dish and finished it.
My omelet came with a potato & onion hash, a basic Dutch salad, and toast with butter (they offer white, wheat, rye, or pumpernickel). The hash was killer, especially with some hot sauce and ketchup lightly added. It wasn't hard-fried or crisp, just billowy and flavorful. The salad was basically greens and a few cucumber slices in a typical northern-European vinegar base. It was extremely basic, but I liked having it there as a light, fresh element to counter the heavier fair like my omelet. Speaking of, the first bite or so of the omelet left me a bit unsure how I felt - I don't know if it was the gouda or something they included in the egg itself, but I didn't instantly love it. However, as I moved inward and started hitting cabbage and sausage pay-dirt it became hard not to savor hearty each bite. 
Lastly, I was glad we were able to get what I was told was the last order of Jonathan's Grilled Bread - I added it to the order late after seeing an order arrive at another table. It's a soft-dough, crusty exterior milk bread that came with nicely complimentary blueberry jam and butter. Given that I already had rye toast (pumpernickel next time!) it could have been a bad decision to tack it on, but the breads were so thoroughly different from each other and the Grilled Bread was so casually eatable that I had no regrets and made short work of it. The coffee was also excellent. 
I'm looking forward to opportunities to explore the menu a bit more and am glad it's located such an easy walk away from my apartment.Entered at 2:30. Put in order at 235. Got food order at 245. Food was room temperature. Only the Rival Bros coffee was delicious. The goal seemed to be close up shop ASAP.I was there for lunch and had herring salad which was basically pieces of herring over a lot of lettuce with some pickles. I think this place would be great for BIG breakfast food - eggs, pancakes, and whatnot - which was what most people were eating. Our server was attentive, pleasant, and helpful.Brunch is extremely popular in Philly, so any new places (with possibly shorter wait times) deserve a try in my book. 
I stopped by with some friends a few weeks ago for a quick breakfast/brunch meal. Wait time was about 30 minutes, but there is ample space inside the restaurant to wait. The restaurant occupies the previous location of "More than just ice cream," and is well lit and spacious. 
We decided to get Jonathan's grilled bread for the table to share, and then each ordered our own entrees. The bread was just okay. I was expecting something similar to monkey bread, but the reality was just warm (fresh) bread served with butter. It was good but nothing amazing.
I got a mushroom and goat cheese omelet for my meal. It was good but not particularly memorable. 
Overall, pretty good experience in terms of space, wait, and service. Food was also good, but nothing that I LOVED. Maybe I'll be back to try other items on the menu!Staff was friendly and service exceptional.  Menu offers items just slightly different than the ordinary which made it a little more interesting and the food is fresh, albeit a little greasy for me.  The fresh greens on the side of the plate helped me feel a little better about the grease.  Very convenient if walking to the Forrest Theater for a matinee show after brunch, which I was. It's BYOB - I saw one table ordered a carafe of OJ to go with their bottle of champagne.  Wish I had thought of that!I've heard a lot of good things about Winkel and decided to give it a try for brunch. First thing I noticed when I walked in was the cool, calm vibe. 
I'm a huge eggs Benedict fan so I ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict. It was hands down the best eggs Benedict I had! There was a generous amount of crab cake and the eggs were cooked perfectly with the yolk oozing as I cut into it. The crab cake tasted amazing and complemented the old bay seasoning very well. The potato hash could've used some seasoning but it was still yummy!
My friend ordered the carbonade. She never heard or had it before in her life but decided to take a risk and give it a try. She was delighted after the first taste of the stew, it was absolutely delicious! The beef was chewy, in a good way. 
The food quality here is def top notch, would 10/10 recommend! Can't wait to come back.Great food. Great staff. We will definitely be making a trip back into the city for morePrior diners' almost perfect score here is spot on!  The service was great from start to finish, the buttermilk pancake for my son was quick and very enjoyable. Make sure you get the onion and potato mash as it was wonderful. Both omelettes appeared to be topping filled and tasty. One strange item is that the side of toast was uncooked with no butter or preserves.I was here a few weeks ago for brunch on Sunday. While there was a bit of a wait, the hostess was very accommodating by keeping us up to date as to when our table would be ready. She gave us the preference for outdoor or indoor seating and was so courteous when we sat us at our table. 
The menu had an excellent selection and the coffee was very good! The owner immediately grabbed us coffee and then served us the remainder of the meal. What a sweetheart! He gave us excellent recommendations and we all left with to-go containers. A table beside us came with champagne not yet chilled and he gave them his own bottle that was already cold in the fridge. Loved the Crabcake Benedict and the potatoes were different but so yummy! If you really want a treat - order Jonnathan's bread, you will not be disappointed! Amazing place, will be back soon Winkel!!We love brunch, and we're always looking for good places. I saw all these new reviews for Winkel, so we decided to give it a try. Based on our first visit, I'm a fan! I thought one of the best things about the experience was the friendliness of the staff--everyone was so delightfully pleasant. It was almost like being in the midwest :O) 
I had a three-egg omelet with cremini mushrooms, goat cheese and something else, I think. That was pretty delicious. The goat cheese was really creamy and yummy and it all went VERY well with the buttery soft potatoes on the side. I generally like my potatoes on the crispy side, but these pretty good!
My husband had the egg sandwich. He gave it an 8.5 / 10 and said it was delicious and that he really enjoyed the addition of the pickles. It looked really good, too. I thought the eggs were nicely cooked with just a little but of runny yolk. Yum.
People next to us had this HUGE breakfast platter that looked so good. Not sure what it was however,.
Next time I'd like to try the Benedict. 
Absolutely worth a visit. The servings were big and the prices, in my opinion, were quite reasonable. 
I'm wondering to myself why this review isn't a 5, and I think it's just because this is my first visit and I still need to try out some other things on the menu...especially those eggs Benedict! Oh, and the toast. I LOVE a good toast and this toast wasn't that good. It was a little too toasted, a little too thin, and definitely without a question too cold!! But, that's a small thing.I had a fantastic brunch at Winkel. I arrived with memories of the delicious apple pie they use to sell when the location was More Than Just Ice Cream. Now that apple pie is like a distant memory. At the forefront of my mind is the stack of large fluffy and delicious pancakes I had at winkel. Maybe the best pancakes I've ever tasted. Fighting with the pancakes at the forefront of my mind is the brunch special which I was lucky enough to try as well. It was a French toast made of various pastries sold at Winkel. There is nothing quite like it in Philly as far as I know. It was an amazingly tasty collection of flavors. And there was the meat... perfectly cooked fatty bacon, and I mean fatty in a good way. Thick scrapple that was lightly fried to perfection, which is hard to do when the scrapple is thick. Service was efficient and friendly. Brunch doesnt get any better.Was visiting Philly for a day and went here for breakfast.  Couldn't decide between the chicken and waffles with scrapple gravy or the blackberry bacon pancakes.  Our server was fantastic, she suggested I get the waffle with a pancake on the side.  Great idea!  Both were excellent.  I am a bit of a pancake aficionado and this was one of the best I've gotten at a restaurant.Was visiting in the area and brought the family here for lunch. Nice open atmosphere. The staff are fantastic. The food was wonderful. I had the soft shell crab BLT (one of the specials). My daughter gave the pancakes two thumbs up. Portion sizes are large and we'll enjoy the leftovers.New brunch spot in Philly.. the House Salmon Benedict was fantastic.. the Shrimp and Dutch Grits was above OK.. maybe I am just not in to Grits. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Dining room decor is simple. Go for the food.