I went during restaurant week and I loved the food, ambiance and the service! I got the root salad, filet mignon, Lancaster chicken fingers, and chorros, everything was GREAT! I'm looking forward to going back!YAY! I was thrilled that the kitchen keeps a stash of Gluten Free bread for people that avoid Wheat! They were able to prepare their famous Eggs Benedict with it instead of using an English Muffin...if you haven't tried their Eggs Benedict it's a must! Hands down the BEST Eggs Benedict in Philadelphia as it is served with Sautéed Spinach and Smoked Salmon. By the way, their Smoked Salmon is superb, it's definitely freshly cut and not packaged. This is relaxing and comfortable place for either a Business Breakfast or simply as a spot to catch up with a friend in a luxurious hotel kind of way! P.S. Their Breakfast Buffet is a great value (it includes that yummy Smoked Salmon) but alas the Pancakes offered had gluten and only Scrambled Eggs were available and I prefer either poached Eggs or Egg Whites. P.P.S. Fantastic Smoothies offered a la carte which can be prepared with Almond Milk, Chia Seeds, Vanilla and all kinds of exotic Fresh Fruits -- no other hotel in Philly is doing this so hats off to the Exec Chef and team that selects the menu for this secret spot.Excellent bartender and the bar itself can be quite comfortable. I have eaten here twice. Both times I felt the bartender was the best "sort", very traditional almost therapeutic. The first visit the food was delicious. The second visit I had the worst steak I have ever had in a restaurant. The open design of the resto and harsh noise and lighting during a private event drags this down to 2 stars. Compare Bank and Bourbon, the Loewe's resto: food infinitely better but drafty with chilly indifferent service. Next time I'm going to the Rittenhouse!A great classy business lunch option, and it has an entrance right in Two Liberty, perfect for cold winter days. It's really beautiful inside, with a lot of small tables around a bar area, so it feels private. My crab cake sandwich was pretty good, but there were just a bit too many onions on there that I actually teared up. I loved the side salad it came with. All of the lunch options are also under $15 which is great. The service is fast and efficient, definitely an underrated little place!Apparently they're renovating so if you eat here you eat in the freakin' hotel lobby.
The food was subpar.  I should have gotten a refund on my pork chops (tough, not so good, and advertised as coming with mashed potatoes but instead came with slimy sweet potatoes and beets) but instead just tried to eat the mess.
Service was okay--scattered, obviously, because they're trying to manage in a freakin' hotel lobby.  
But the food was so poor I see no reason to return.Used the Yelp deal and appreciated the savings. I was in town for business and decided to make an impromptu stop with my sister to investigate. The food was great... I had the steak, while my sister ordered the scallops. The service was lacking, though, and that was surprising considering we were 1 of 2 parties in the restaurant. This leads me to my next point... almost non-existent vibe.My husband and I went with a travelzoo coupon and had 2 drinks, 2 soup/salads, 2apps, 2 entrees and 2 desserts.  It was quiet on a Wednesday night, very easy to have a nice relaxing dinner and conversation. The endive salad was AMAZING, the candied nuts, grapes, and blue cheese along with the dressing were a wonderful combination of flavors.  We both had steaks, they were wonderful.  I had the cowboy steak, so tender and flavorful.  The drinks and desserts were delicious too.  Service was good, everything happened at a nice, relaxed pace.I cast wisdom to the wind and gave this hotel bar a dinner chance. The Black Angus beef burger is actually pretty good served with lettuce, tomato, red onion, vermont cheddar, brioche, and pomme frites. The bartender doubles as host and server at the Westin, which seats about 50 at tables plus another 15 at the bar. Had to wait a while just for a glass of water. Decided to share the Angus burger so asked the waiter to split everything on two plates. When our waiter finally rounded the corner with the burger he did an about face, realizing that he had not performed the split. This small action remembered too late means that the burger was delivered with room temp pomme frites. Waste no stars on understaffing. That's a management problem. Not the waiters fault. However, memory and attentiveness are part of deal when your burger costs $18.Saw some bad reviews & was scared. Wait staff was fine & meal was great. Bar was busy for happy hour when we arrived at 6PM. Wife's fillet was the bomb. I had a Cowboy too big to finish. Nice array of wine list.The setting, in the lobby of the Westin, is nice. However, I don't like having two TVs on the walls.
The food was a disappointment, as was the service.  The table didn't have silverware or salt and pepper.  There were no coasters under the iced drinks which resulted in dribbles on my clothing.  The food wasn't what I ordered - wrong cheese on the burger and well cooked not medium as I ordered.  The food was not hot and the fries were limp.  The ketchup came in a cute little jar that was difficult to open.
All in all, not a good choice.Rather unimpressive.  Hotel- bar and restaurant.  I eat out frequently.  Luckily, I can scratch one place off my future reservation list.  Crab cake appetizer was good. Smoked salmon was very smokey. Roll on burger was excessively toasted or stale. Couldn't tell.
Only positive was that I used a living social so I didn't pay full price, conversely,without living social...I would have never eaten there.As nice of a hotel this place is, Winthrope and Valentine bar and grill fail miserably as a restaurant.  Among the many mis haps that took place:
1.  New Waitress which had no clue about steaks or the menu.  The special on the menu was prime rib, which got many of us excited.  However, when the dishes came out, they were all rib eyes.  My co-worker tried to tell our waitress the order was wrong, but would not listen. 
2.  My order the rib eye came out well done and tough as a belt.  I didn't even care for returning my plate because it was so awful
All in all, it's almost as though the restaurant was put hap hazardly after the hotel was completed.  The restaurant is a mirror of the hotel itself, and in this case Winthrope and Valentine do not belong in the WestinI'm giving Winthorpe & Valentine Bar & Grill four stars because of the service first and then because of the food.
I first noticed the restaurant while walking down 17th Street.  I love the name, as it is based on one of my favorite films made in Philadelphia -- "Trading Places."  So based on that alone, I wanted to go.  I learned last night that the restaurant was named after the owner's / owners' favorite move.
The opportunity presented itself during Restaurant Week.  The menu was incredibly generous -- shrimp cocktail was a first course item, filet mignon was a second course item (along with salmon and I think a chicken dish) and carrot cake, sorbet and bread pudding were on the menu for dessert.
They even had a drink called the Ophelia (she was Winthorpe's girlfriend in Trading Places). I ordered that. It was delicious! Champagne, pineapple juice, grapefruit juice, grenadine and perhaps one other ingredient.  
The Service --
Before I talk about the food, I must mention the service.  Our server, Corinne, was awesome!  In fact, Corinne is the one who another reviewer calls the "New waitress," who had no clue about steaks and "would not listen."  
In my experience, not only did she listen, she offered recommendations, and was very attentive and friendly.  In addition to Corinne, the manager delivered our meals and was also extremely friendly.  And then later in our meal, the sous chef came by to talk and laugh and joke with us.  Just an overall lovely experience! 
The Food -- 
For dinner, I ordered the chicken noodle soup (first), filet mignon, medium (second), and bread pudding:
-- The chicken noodle soup was full of flavor.
-- When I asked Corinne if medium or medium rare was a "little pink," she knew which from which and was spot on.  And when my steak came, it was hot, tender and juicy.  (i should've asked for a bit more sauce, though.)
-- Thanks to the server's reco, I chose the bread pudding for dessert and it didn't disappoint.  But, by the time it came, I was stuffed and could only enjoy a few bites after dinner. I ate the rest today. So yummy! 
Based on my experience, I definitely recommend Winthorpe & Valentine. Go!This place was awful.  I have never before left a 2 star review. The service was unbelievably slow, and the food left much to be desired.  Everything took forever.  The flatbread was cold, undercooked, and blah. The calamari was unpalatably salty.  The truffle" fries were crunchy as potato chips and did not taste at all of truffle.  The sliders were cold. We ordered the steak medium rare, but it was served well done, and cold!  The "Study in Beets" salad was a pathetic joke.  The shrimp cocktail was fair. The deviled eggs were good.  The spinach salad was fair. Sterile ambiance. The lighting was cold, harsh, and artificial.  The server apologized repeatedly about the slow service, but failed to bus the table.  Horrible experience.I like it, but I think I preferred the old Winthorpe and Valentine better.
The old one was stately and quiet;  this one is open and merges restaurant with bar and lobby area,  with tries to be cool but can be problematic because all the bar conversation and lobby noise filters down the the restaurant.  The menu appears somewhat limited in terms of choices/options, but the food itself--when it arrives--is good.It's not 5/5 good, but it's above average and at the very least a three and a half, if not a 4/5.
I think the new W&V is a work in progress.I'm giving this place four stars because the appetizers, entrees, and desserts were delicious. We came for restaurant week and collectively ordered the slow roasted pulled pork cigarras, tuna tartare, filet mignon, scallops, chocolate creme brulee, and churros. All were excellent, and the tuna and scallops in particular were out of this world. My steak came out a little overcooked for my taste (I ordered medium rare), but the waitress inspected it, immediately apologized profusely, and placed a replacement order. We were also sent a free round of drinks in apology, which I really appreciated.
I have to take away a star, however, for the bread and for the wine list. The bread was cold and hard, and the butter wasn't softened, and buttering the bread proved to be so challenging I eventually gave up. The wine list was pretty dismal - consisting entirely of cheap bottles I could purchase at the wine store for $5-$10, marked up to $40-$50. I expect markup at restaurants, but this was just ridiculous. We ordered cocktails instead, which were good, but I was sad not to have a hearty glass of red wine with my steak.Polite staff, nice quiet environment and the food is ok... I DO recommend the yogurt in the morning, its quite good... However... get ready to "get bent over" on the value. Above average pricing for very small portions of food. I left feeling ripped-off... I ordered some "steak/mushroom pita" thing for $16.00 wit tax... and what I got was four triangular squares from one piece of pita. You couldn't possibly get more than two bites out of each triangle... so do the math... 
4 slices x 2 bites/slice = 8 bites = $2 a bite... The restaurant manager is rubbing his palms KNOWING he is profiting unreasonably on those kinds of margins?  That was a rip-off...We have tried W&V twice on Groupons and won't be going back.  The food is bland and flavorless.  My wife's wine selection was out of stock...when there's only twenty wines on your list, that's a gross oversight.  The kitchen screwed up (in our favor) and delivered a 10-oz. filet mignon to my wife instead of the "rib-eye medallions" she ordered.  Not a bad trade-off but they won't make much profit with mistakes like this.  My day-boat scallops were the diameter of quarters, not the big two-inchers I am used to getting when I order that dish elsewhere.  I guess the day-boat never made it out of the harbor and had to settle for the little guys.  At least they could have given me more than four for the $24 price tag.  
Bottom line:  Unless you've bought a TZoo or Groupon, this place isn't worth your time.Customer service is lacking. Waited at least 15 minutes just to be acknowledged. Waitresses were walking by and serving tables, but did not acknowledge us. After we finally sat down, we had to wait another 5 minutes to get menus. I noticed another couple waiting to get seated, but finally decided to leave. There were a lot of empty tables, so I'm not sure why waitresses ignored customers. I was excited to come try this place out, especially after the renovations. Just like my rating, "Meh. I've experienced better." I ordered my Cowboy steak medium rare, but it came out well done. Will not come back because of the customer service.I'm staying at the Westin for business so I figured I would get a quick bite at the hotel restaurant. I ordered one vegetarian meal to go to take to my room. It has taken nearly 50 minutes to get my food. Extremely slow service with only about 10 people in the restaurant. Food was decent, a little lacking in flavor but still not bad. I ordered the spinach parpadelleChange the bar back! The drinks are still great, but the remodeled and "updated" feel really takes away from the great atmosphere that this place previously had.The best name for a bar in the business.   
But otherwise than that, a fairly average hotel lounge with three glaring exceptions.
(1) An absolutely wonderful bartender. 
- He's been there forever.  Knows the place and the people inside and out.   
(2) Truly terrible food.   
- You're better off eating beforehand.  Or at one of the 50 spectacular places within a mile of here.
(3) Horrible people smoke in the washroom.
- For whatever reason, socially unconscionable people choose to smoke inside the washrooms in the hotel lobby.   It's just nasty.Slowest service in the city. Nothing special. Not easily accessible from the street. Go somewhere else unless you're staying at the Westin. Oh, and service not friendly at all.
Update: this bar is where fun and drinking go to die.The bar area is fine. I probably would not be super excited about the restaurant side of the house. If you are looking for a quick meal at the bar or just some drinks then this is a good option. I mainly had drinks. The bartender was friendly enough. I was just a fan of the name more  than anything since Trading Places is one of my all time favorite movies.I was here for a conference and didnt' get a lot of time to experience the beautiful area of Winthorpe & Valentine, I had to take my food togo, but the Ceasar Salad was out of this world.  It had all the fixin's on the side, so I can add in whatever I wanted, anchovies, pickled onions, etc.  Super large salad, I was starved and couldn't finish it all!  Would get this again.If you aren't staying at the hotel, the Winthorpe is a good spot for a business lunch or a drink. Fancy enough without being over the top. Traveler's crowd (obviously), good service and a nice wine menu. Haven't had a formal meal yet, but I'd come back for a try.
I think it's a little overlooked seeing that its connected to a Rittenhouse hotel. But it is still a good spot to meet up for a drink.Sad to say but the picture on groupon (big juicy steak) was NOT on menu. 
Definitely a bar setting not so much a lounge. 
So if you're expecting a nice, somewhat peaceful quiet dinner.... You won't be getting that. The area echoes like crazy & it's hard to carry on a conversation if there's a lot of people there. 
Food was ok....thank God had a groupon. 
Our waitress was excellent & the manager appreciated hearing that. 
Unfortunately while finishing up dessert a very large roach came through across the banquet. 
Not good....It's OK.  For the price, I'd expect something really great, but it's just average.  The filet mignon was tender, but somehow tasteless - almost as if it were nuked.  The cheesecake and chocolate cakes were fine, but just fine.  And the salads, bread, and butter were just salads, bread, and butter - no excitement.
I suppose if you're staying at the hotel and are looking for something easy for dinner, this might be the place for you.  But with all Philadelphia has to offer in truly exceptional restaurants - especially at this price point - I'd suggest you dine elsewhere.What a disappointment.  First, we arrived at the restaurant only to find it is really a bar with a couple of dining seats.  There was a hostess stand but nobody was at it.  The bartender stared at us but did not say anything.  We waited at least 3 minutes before the hostess/waitress came and asked if she could help us.  We explained that we wanted to have a drink before we sat for our reservation.
We had a drink at one of the long tables before we took our seats.  (Note: Props to the restaurant for having lots of power outlets throughout the place so guest can charge their electronics.) They were good, but for such a small place it took way too long for us to be served.  In addition, the table was not flat, so we had to search for a place to put our rather full glasses.
Once we were seated we explained to the server that we had a Groupon.  She said we could pick any 2 appetizers, any 2 entrees, and any 2 desserts.  We selected the shrimp cocktail, the flatbread pizza, the brick chicken, the steak frittes, and 2 molten cakes.  We also ordered a bottle of wine.   The shrimp (4 of them) were cooked nicely, but the cocktail sauce it came with was bland and runny and did not stick to the shrimp.  The sauce was served in a glass that was way too large for the portion of shrimp served.  The flatbread was soggy and tasteless.  The chicken was good, but it was served with mostly tasteless asparagus and underdone fingerling potatoes.  The steak was cooked well but under-seasoned (salt, pepper, and A-1 had to be added), and the frittes tasted stale.  The best part of the dinner was the desserts: the molten cakes came with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, and they were very good.
The waitress was very personable, but she was very slow.  It was also clear she did not know anything about serving wine.  The bartender must have opened it for her, because it came tableside with the cork stuffed in the neck.  She did not offer a taste, and instead poured each of us a glass.  It was a red wine, and rather than leave the cork out so that the wine could breath she stuffed it back into the bottle.
When the waitress brought the checks (for some reason the bottle of wine was separate from the rest of the check) she explained that she subtracted the promotional value of the Groupon from the check and charged us the difference.  We explained that the Groupon said we were covered for the 3 courses. We asked to speak to her manager.  The waitress disappeared for at least 5 minutes.  When she returned she said we would be charged for our drinks, the bottle of wine, and the tax on our dinner.  We asked if she would put all of the charges on one bill, and she said yes.
Will we return? Probably not.  The waitress was nice, but the service was slow and the food was only so-so.On my recent trip to Philly, my friend and I wanted to try out a different place and stumbled onto Winthorpe & Valentine located in The Westin. It wasn't exactly clear how to get to the dining area but we somehow managed to find it on the second floor. There wasn't a hostess at the hostess stand and after waiting a few minutes, we decided to seat ourselves. Thankfully, our server came a few minutes later with menus.
We ordered a few drinks and I enjoyed the manhattan, although it took a long time for it to come out. I'm not sure if our server forgot about our drinks or if the bartender was just that slow... but either way after waiting 10 minutes, I heard our server mention our drinks to the bartender and he finally made them. Thankfully, they were good!
I ordered the spinach salad and split the garden vegetable flatbread with my friend. Surprisingly, the salad was huge! I loved the large portion and really enjoyed that it came with pomegranate seeds. The garden flatbread was packed with veggies and perfect for sharing. Both were delicious and seemed to be made with fresh ingredients. 
Overall, the service was just okay. I didn't enjoy the long wait for drinks and it was hard to find our server at times, although the restaurant itself isn't large and wasn't busy on a Friday night. The food and drink were good, just not sure I'd come back the next time I'm in town. If you're wanting a more leisurely meal and don't mind waiting for service and drinks, then this restaurant might be for you.I cast wisdom to the wind and gave this hotel bar a dinner chance. The Black Angus beef burger is actually pretty good served with lettuce, tomato, red onion, vermont cheddar, brioche, and pomme frites. The bartender doubles as host and server at the bar and restaurant which seats about 50 plus another 15 at the bar. Had to wait a while just for a glass of water. Decided to share the Angus burger. When our waiter finally rounded the corner with the burger he did an about face, realizing that he had not split. This small action remembered too late means that the burger was delivered with cold pomme frites. Ill waste no stars in rating for under staffing. That's a management problem. However, memory and attentiveness are part of the deal when your burger costs $18.Visited the night before thanksgiving, was a little wary by how un-busy it was. We were seated immediately and the bartender was very attentive. Gave a great recommendation of the chicken under a brick. Everything was hot, fresh and delicious. The skirt steak came with a mound of fries. I asked for the steak to be medium and it was perfect. Tender and lots of flavor. Would come back again.I took my girlfriend here for her birthday via the Travelzoo deal that was out there. Two of everything and everything was great. The best part of it was I had added a little note to tell the staff it was her birthday and at the end of the meal, the pastry chef (or main chef) and server/waitress, came out with 5 chocolate-covered strawberries and said happy birthday. Great place and great service.Came here for drinks during Center City Sips.  To get to the main lobby, you have to take the elevator up one floor.  No big deal.  Once in the lobby, the bar is directly to your left.  There is what seems to be a casual lobby, then the restaurant, then the bar.  The flow of the place was weird and the lighting was very bright, but whatever - they had booze!
Many business-type people were crowded around the bar and surrounding tables; some were on laptops and others were drinking impressive drinks.  My friend and I sat at a small table near the bar.  Service wasn't over-the-top, but it was timely and what you'd expect for a hotel bar.  
Around 7:00, the place pretty much cleared out, or at least, most of the business people left, which made you realize that the majority of the bar's patrons were there for business rather than pleasure.  
A decent bar if you're staying at the hotel, but as a local, I don't see myself running back to this place.I am not really sure how to rate this restaurant. 
Last week we went to Amuse, which was an awesome experience. Since this restaurant is in a hotel which is owned by the same people who own Le Meredien, we figured that it would be similar, which it definitely was not.
We had a Travelzoo deal for this restaurant which inclded 2 salads/soups, 2 apps, 2 entrees and 2 desserts. I belive that a large number of people who were there with this deal because it was a bit busy.
We ordered drinks which arrived 15 minutes later. I ordered some type of Rum drink but what i got was a Tequila drink. I didnt bother telling the waitress since it wasnt really a huge deal. We had to ask the waitress for what the Special was and she said that it was Prime Rib.
We ordered Clam Chowder soup, which was actually very good. It did come 20 minutes or so after we ordered the food. 20 minutes to get soup?
For appetizer we got Shrimp Cocktail and the Endive salad. Both were pretty good and both came probably about 20-25 minutes after we were done with the soup.
For Entrees we ordered the  Prime Rib and the scallops.
Since the entrees made it to us 38 minutes after we were done with the apps, we were not very hungry anymore. We tried a scallop and it was pretty good, but the prime rib was interesting. It was NOT prime rib. It was maybe a ribeye, or prime rib cut which was broiled, or maybe baked, or maybe microwaved and then grilled for grill marks. I am not exactly sure. I got mine medium rare, and it was definitely that, and i was having problems cutting through it. This is how i think it went down in the kitchen.
Waitress: Hey Guys, someone ordered the special.
Staff: Crap, we dont have any more steaks. Someone run to the freezer and throw one under the heat lamp to defrost real quick.
Overall the experience was pretty laughable.We did not complain, we just kind of hung out and waited and laughed it off. 
The one party next to us was very unhappy, something was wrong with the reservation and they were also there for a very long time. The hostess offered them a free dinner in the future on  the restaurant, which they accepted. Another party of 2 next to us, got the dessert to go because they were probably tired of sitting there for hours as well. The party of 6 on the other side of us seemed very happy and said that the food was great, but what i noticed was that the people who ordered meat received the entrees first, and those with seafood had it brought over 20 minutes later. This is definitely unacceptable, and if i was entertaining a party, i would be very displeased. 
We also got the desserts to go, but will have them tonight. I had the leftover steak for lunch, and it was actually pretty good. 
I guess it finally defrosted.........I have been here a few times over the last couple of months because of proximity to my office.  I have tried this place for lunch and drinks.  Food is passable.  Service is very lacking.  Lunch service which should be straightforward.  Servers seem confused.  Orders were frequently wrong.  Failed to bring bread.  Ran out of wine and a popular vodka on two occasions I was there with colleagues.  Very odd.  Bar maid was good and friendly, working with limited resources and challenging support staff.  In a pinch it's ok. But that's it. Not a destination.Went for late lunch.  Sat in an empty bar, they did not Know about Groupon!   Only had a lousy bar food lunch just to use up my Groupons.  Manager was gracious but still sucked!
Recently UnRenovated.  Only menu they had was far from depictedA great intimate bar tucked away from everything, you'll never know you're in the middle of the city.I have been to W&V for many business lunches over the years. It was one of my favorite places to have a business lunch because of the quiet atmosphere that allowed easy conversation. The food was always great but the service was always a bit slow. This never bothered me because I wouldn't go there if I were in a hurry.  A few years back they changed the layout of the restaurant, which is much more open and no longer presents the private feeling the old layout had albeit is much brighter.  The food taste and quality was consistent before and after the renovation.  The salads were some of the best around, offering a great variety with different choices of protein.  Unfortunately I went today for a business lunch to find they have changed the lunch menu.  Gone are the salads that drew me in so often before. There was but one meal sized salad that sounded ok.  My business companions and I each ordered one.  What was delivered was an over-engineered salad that tasted far too earthy with no balance of flavor.  My server, who has been there as long as I can remember noticed much of my salad went untouched and offered accommodation, which is the reason for 3 stars rather than 2.   I will not be back and based on the lack of diners at today's lunch I must imagine others have been turned off as wellIt was restaurant week, and I was looking forward to hanging out with my friends! However, this place was so hard to find and unfortunately I am bad with direction I used my GPS and it took me way out the way. I was about an hour late I was frazzled and agitated. I was shocked to see that they closed at 9:30pm on a Friday! I was rushed to make an order it made me even more unsettled. The service was ok, but I noticed that there were only 15 people there. Maybe as a restaurant they should stay open a little longer especially on a Friday and especially if you are going to participate in restaurant week!Staff are very nice. Food is so so. Ordered the chicken schnitzel. It was on the dry side, needed seasoning and salt. The restaurant is in the main lobby which gets very noisy if there's a convention going on. They advertise being an award winning restaurant but I don't know about that...Food was awesome.  Staff was very friendly.  Perfect place to relieve the stress from work.I remember this hotel and restaurant when they were the Ritz Carlton.  It's now under the Westin brand.  Same lovely property but it's definitely not the Ritz Carlton.  That said, I got a great room on Hotels Tonight for $120 and the dinner was pretty good.  If you find yourself staying at the Westin and don't want to go out it's a good choice.
I travel to NYC a lot but went to college and live near Philadelphia.  I feel MUCH safer and comfortable in NYC than in Philly.  The NYPD is on the ball.  During my stay at the Westin during the summer of 2013 I was walking up a major street (Chestnut) to get back to the hotel late at night when I heard the loud voices of a fight about to break out.  As I got closer, I saw the posturing - one jackass taking his shirt off getting into fighting mode.  In a comparable area in Manhattan he would have been in handcuffs before his shirt hit the sidewalk.  In Philly I crossed the street and could only wonder what eventually happened.
Prime example of why "Stop and Frisk" WORKS!
Funny thing, in all my travels to NYC I've never been stopped or frisked - wonder why.This place is VERY expensive and I only got the privilege of going because of an amazing Travelzoo deal. I will never be able to go again unless another deal pops up! It was very quiet. There were a few people at the bar, but we pretty much had the restaurant to ourselves.
Four of us went and had an absolute great time! The deal was dinner for two- two drinks, two soups/salads, two appetizers, two entrees AND two desserts for $70! THE BEST DEAL I HAVE EVER PURCHASED. 
The soups and salads were good, nothing special. For the appetizer, I ordered a hummus sampler which I really liked. It was pretty big and I needed to beg my dinner pals to help me finish it!
The best part of this dinner...and I will say one of the best dinners I've ever had in my life... was an aged steak that all four of us ordered. It came with some carrots and fingerling potatoes. My friend was raving about aged steak, so we all wanted some. It was easily the most delicious steak I've EVER had in my life. I have eaten steak a few times since then and it is extremely disappointing! There was a delicious glaze on the meat that added so much flavor!
For dessert, I was SO stuffed that I had to take my chocolate cake to go. When I got around to eating it later that night, I did enjoy it. Not the best chocolate cake I've had, it was a little dry, but still good. 
When we received our bill, they showed the real total and then the Travelzoo total. Without the voucher, our meal would have been over $300!!!!!!!!!!!! Since we had already paid $140 for the two Travelzoo vouchers, we had to pay a little on top of that for extra drinks we had ordered. 
I will seriously dream about that steak. If you ever have the chance to try aged steak here or anywhere, DO IT! If there is ever another deal for this place, I'll buy it right away!Terrible meal, lousy service. 
Ordered a steak medium rare and it came well done. Ordered a side and it never arrived. Server claimed, very defensively, that we did not order it at all, despite her having repeated the order correctly before leaving the table. Wife's dish came not at all as on the menu (menu said spinach fettuccine, and she got fettuccine with 5 spinach leaves) and completely wrong (she ordered it with no mushrooms, and there were lots in the dish). Fillet Mignon was overdone. Asked for rolls which never showed up. 
Do not go here. McDonald's would have been better.I've had good meals here but I made the mistake of ordering a grilled reuben sandwich there yesterday and it was terrible.   They don't get that a reuben should be served with the corned beef warm.   Not cold corned beef with cold cole slaw and cold dressing on toast.  First two bites were cold balls of corned beef fat - yuck.   Go there but get something else.My husband decided to eat here one night while we were staying at the Westin, and we were not very impressed. The bread and butter were delicious, but I would have to say that was the best part of the meal.
At the time we came for dinner, there weren't many people dining in the restaurant. There was plenty of seating available, so we were able to choose a table right away. The service was very slow, however. Our server was very friendly, but we hardly ever saw her except to give her our order and receive our food.
I ordered the crab cakes, which were good but not filling at all. I wished I'd been able to eat more. My husband ordered steak medium rare, but it came out more medium well. Almost well done.  He was completely unsatisfied with his meal and left wishing we'd just eaten from the food court at Liberty Place. I think he would have enjoyed the cheaper meal better.This place used to have way more menu options and the food I remember being decent. I was way too tired to leave the hotel tonight and it was cold and rainy so I decided to try this again. Nothing sounded good. I like a lot of different foods too. They need some flatbreads and more sandwich options. Nothing needs to be fancy but they just need to revamp this restaurant. The staff is wonderful and the scenery is nice but i doesn't makeup for the lackluster options available and the mediocre tastes.Girls night out, private room, great company and conversation. Our server was the best BUT - the food didn't impress me at all! Skirt steak was cold and very fatty. The Sorbet was a chunk of ice and the drinks - overrated. Guess next girls night out will be at Butcher and Singer.I have been to Winthorpe and Valentine while on trips during the winter, spring and fall to Philadelphia. While I was there, two elderly gentlemen were kind enough to explain the commodities market to me, using my breakfast to illustrate wheat, pork bellies and orange juice trading. Speaking of which, the orange juice may have been made from a frozen concentrate.
My waitress, Constance Fry, is always very helpful, as she satisfies my every need.
As I was leaving, a nice man offered me tickets to La Boheme, which I was not familiar with. As it turns out, it's an opera.A hidden treasure inside the Westin Hotel in Center City is a quiet and pleasing place to enjoy a meal. I had dinner with a friend here last night and the food was amazing. For appetizers, we had the Lancaster chicken noodle soup which tasted like homemade and shrimp skewers which came dressed with a type of cole slaw that had a tangy dressing which matched great with the shrimp itself. Our main course we had the barbeque glazed salmon and the grilled scallops. Both executed perfectly and place on a bed of veggies. Finally to shared a dessert sampler which was just the right size top top of our dinner. Everything was satisfying and the service was amazing. The atmosphere of the room and divine service of the staff makes you feel like you are the only ones there. I highly recommend you try it out because the prices are affordable for a fancy dinner here.Never got a chance to eat here. I walked by with my family during a trip to Philadelphia. Was the restaurant named after the two main characters from Trading Places? Or maybe the other way around? Just curiousVery difficult to find entrance (through hotel entrance, up one floor).  It would have been better not to have found it.  Room was dark, but nice and quiet.
Service was terrible (wrong drinks, wrong information about menu questions), food was not as described on menu.  When replaced with correct ingredients, it was tasteless.  Manager comped wrong food, but it was a futile gesture.  Will never go back!