Had the mango today..I'm a newbie..just loved it ..very large n sunny clean place to chill and work..huge assortment of toppings and dressings..alot nice comfotable chairs and outlets. Many flavors ..owners were very nice .next to a good coffee shop ..near everything ..will be back a lotSo happy shaved ice is in philly and so close! Their taro flavored was awesome cant wait to try more flavors!Came here on a whim while walking around as I haven't had Taiwanese shaved ice before. The people there were friendly as they were making our Bf taro shaved ice. We checked in and got a free topping. The ice was super light and fluffy. I just wish there was a stronger taro flavor. The place is nice and for $8 a regular can be shared. If I'm in the area, the matcha special looks interesting.Good atmosphere and great for groups to chill and play games that they provide. The texture and flavors are great! Personally like it plane, the specialties could be a bit too sweet.This place seems like a bit of a hub for asian-americas on campus, which is cool and a welcoming atmosphere in that sense, so I appreciate what they are trying to do. They have a cool vibe and a TV playing music videos from the 80s/90s for some reason, but hey its cool.
The actual shaved ice, I was less impressed with. I got the taro and it was really flavorless, my friend got the black sesame which was better but def not the best taiwanese shaved ice I've had. The texture of the ice is really well done, but I think they need to add more flavor. Very instragrammable (if that's a word) since it looks very aesthetically pleasing but the taste doesn't match the looks. 
Overall, I may possibly recommend this place if you are in the neighborhood and are just really craving shaved ice, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to seek it!I'm from Taiwan and the stuff here is not really authentic. The strawberry syrup here is too sweet and artificial.Great dessert and must visit place for Game of Thrones fans. I love the name Winterfell!Ok tasting desserts with a wide variety of menu options to choose from. Prices are reasonable but seating is limited.TLDR: Liked it but prefer the one in Chinatown in the Plaza across from the Halal Brothers for thicker, creamier, and richer texture.
Environment: Let me first comment on what I didn't necessarily like. The color scheme of the place was "modern-esque" with it's tiled floors and colorful decor; however, I see how others would find this place "neat and clean." I usually go for a "cozier" more "at-home" vibe. But I won't throw personal bias against this place by any means.. The couches, chairs to study on, quad TV on the wall playing Asian love songs was an awesome experience. They even have some things against the wall in the corner you can hang out with. This place is GREAT if you want to kick-back, study some, and grab some shaved ice. I love how low-key this place also feels where it's never too crowded so you can definitely get some work done.
Service: Nothing to really comment on. Pretty straight-forward. Did a good job.
Price: $5 (base-rate with 1 Yelp check in = 1 free topping) for a decently shaped small is what blows me away.Their price is what is unbeatable if you are looking for not many toppings. If you prefer the specials, I recommend those because they are your money's worth. Otherwise, creating your own can become quite costly (I was recommended 4 toppings for a small). Can't comment on drinks at this time.The shaved ice wasn't as creamy as I had hoped. Some flavors were more forgiving like lychee and green tea was okay but some were really artificial and a tiny bit syrupy like strawberry. Toppings were good and mochi was fresh. Haven't had their boba yet so can't speak to that. Overall a decent place that I would go back to because of proximity but not the best - really more of a 3.5/5I would like to start out by stating how spectacular the venue is here! 
From Finding Nemo, the movie, playing on the TV screens to the color scheme coordination, it truly gave the most happiest and positives vibes. To top it all off the three gentlemen greeted both my friend and I with the most genuine smiles!  
The portions given are absolutely ginormous, so make sure you're cravings are enough to handle a a mountain load of heavenly Taiwanese shaved ice or bring that special someone to share with! 
My friend and I went with the Mango flavor, topped with lychee, pineapple, and Creme cookies. We opted out on a dressing because the options seemed like it would drown the pairings with sugar overload. The combination was PHENOMENAL The consistency in texture reminded us of our snow eating days only this snow had to have come from heaven! Haha 
Go get chu sommmmme! 
P.S I had mentioned to the staff regarding the flavor Kevin to be added to the menu. I'm hoping the next time I'm there the option would surely be availableBlack sesame and condensed milk here are out of this world. Two of the most delicious things I've had and they go so well together. 
The "small" is enough volume to entertain an adult with a sweet tooth for the proper amount of ice-cream eating time, or to split with your friend without either feeling too underwhelmed. Since it's a lovely fluffy type of shaved ice, it's really fun without making you physically feel the guilt one feels after ice cream sometimes. 
I've also heard that their boba is better than average (though I can't attest to this myself)!
It's always full of big groups of people hanging out and playing Jenga. I wouldn't come here for a date over somewhere quieter in the city, but a fun place to spend time with friends.Finally, Philly has a Taiwanese shaved ice place that's really good! 
Tried the Taipei - matcha shaved ice with mochi, red beans and grass jelly. Combination is just perfect.
Highly recommended! Perfect for the summer heat or any other weather.This was my first time at Winterfell Dessert. I'm a huge Game of Thrones fan so I was a little sad that the room didn't live up to the name (though the house word/ice puns were pretty good!). The decor reminds me of places in China, with the addition of some comic book vinyl figures and board games. 
They have many flavors and toppings to choose from, as well as their pre-created specials menu. I shared the JS (black sesame ice, mochi, white sprinkles, vanilla cookies and cream, condensed milk) because I wanted to try sesame as a sweet flavor (as opposed to the usual savory). The cup looks huge when it first comes out, but the ice is super fluffy. I wasn't entirely wowed by my selection when I tried it - the combination of the type of ice and toppings didn't really fit with what I wanted in a dessert at that moment. It has the potential to be really good though, and I think I'll create my own next time.I was excited that a boba place opened pretty close to me! But they use powdered flavoring and you can totally tell / see the residue after drinking. I love their theme and the fact they have board games and connect 4 - so it's a great place to hangout! But their shaved ice quality is meh and they seem pretty stingy on their toppings (1 pocky for the whole dessert? C'mon). Good for a chill place to hang out and eat some dessert, but don't be expecting high quality tea or shaved ice.The best bubble tea I've tried. I got the milk bubble tea and it tasted really fresh. I usually don't like eating the bubbles but the bubbles here tasted really different. The quality here is really good. Also, the decor is really cute and they have a number of board games available to play with. Def a try if you just want to hangout with a bunch of friends, play games and drink tea!This place is great.  The shaved ice and toppings are delicious.  There are infinite combos with ice flavors and all the different toppings, as well as a specials menu.  When I went a couple weeks ago, I got matcha ice with mochi and pocky sticks and my boyfriend tried one of the specials with sesame ice as the base.  They were both excellent.  The shop is really well decorated and welcoming, and they guys who run the place are very friendly.  If you want something a little different for dessert in University City, or love all things Thrones related, definitely give Winterfell a try.Apparently Winterfell is a Games of Throne reference. I dunno. Seems like a normal modern hip Taiwanese dessert bar to me. Shaved snow, boba, board games, wifi, Asian dramas, cute yet unintelligible wall decor.
I recommend one of the specials over choose-your-own-adventures.
With the Taipei special, for $6.75 including tax, I got a great heaping helping of green tea shaved snow with grass jelly, red bean, mochi, and condensed milk, which is a solid combination. The snow was a tad on the watery side, and I wouldn't be surprised if the toppings came from cans, but I still enjoyed it.This is a really interesting and very tasty dessert place. I don't think I've ever had shaved ice like they do it here but then again I'm from the south so that may just be me. We tried the Taipei special which has a green tea base which was the perfect amount of sweet and tea like, and some sweet red beans, yes red beans, and other toppings. It was fantastic - if you haven't tried anything with sweet red beans and are feeling a tad adventurous definitely go for it.
The Red Wedding special was mainly strawberry ice and strawberry toppings which was also fantastic but a much more conservative option. 
Both of our orders were served beautifully, quickly and very graciously. The staff seemed happy to be there and the kind of subtle game of thrones theme was killer. It has good seating arrangement and nice decor. Overall a great a place to check out if you're in the area.Yummy variety of snow ice and toppings! Our group got the black sesame ice, mango ice, lychee ice, and matcha ice with a variety of toppings. Delicious! They have a variety of toppings but I wish they had more traditional snow ice/shaved ice toppings.This was exactly what Philly was missing! 
I'm originally from Flushing, NY, a huge hub pub for Asian cuisine and desserts. I've had my fair share of Taiwanese shave ice in NYC and in Taiwan. Being Taiwanese myself, I love the shave snow ice at Winterfell. 
The place is super clean and the prices aren't bad either. Its around $5-6 for a large bowl of shaved ice. My favorite thus far is the Taipei 101. Taro shaved ice, mochi, red bean, grass jelly,  AND condensed milk? Count me in! 
This is also a great hang out space with 4 large TV Screens fitted together.
If you're craving for a not so heavy dessert, Winterfell is a great place to get some!Never tried Taiwanese shaved ice before but this was a good experience. Friendly staff explained each item  and helped us choose. Taste was different and refreshing. Portion size is huge, even the small one cm be shared by two. In comparison price is very reasonable. Store is designed with college student/young crowd in mind.Winterfell is an awesome new edition to a diversifying scene of 40th street! It brings a new kind of dessert Taiwanese shaved ice to the area and even Philly. 
I got honeydew with mochi, reese cups and mango pops topped with whipped cream. 
The good: There are several different flavor and topping options. The shops environment is very conducive to a relaxing dessert snack or study break. Additionally the portions are fairly generous and two people could easily split a regular size cup. 
The bad: the honeydew flavor was kinda bland and I'll probably try a different base next time. It is unfortunate that each topping is an extra 50¢. They all seem very delicious but could quickly add up.Terrible desserts, the worst shaved ice we have ever tasted. It was so gooey and mucky . And so over priced for the junk they are selling. They really need to go and find out what shaved ice really is - f
Go check out the shaved ice place in Chicago downtown the best everVery cool concept with lots of interesting flavor combinations to choose from.  It's quite refreshing to the palate esp on a hot day.  Definitely try the green tea and lychee flavors.
Will definitely come back to sample other flavors soon.BANGIN SHAVED ICE
I ordered black sesame with red bean, pocky sticks, coconut shavings, and mochi.
Solid selection of flavors - mango, strawberry, sesame, lychee, green tea, taro and honeydew!
Friendly and goofy staff. Will definitely be back to try all flavors/toppings!The best dessert ever! I love that it's so fluffy and you can customize it to any way you want. They have my favorite flavor which is Lychee, can't go wrong with that. Will definitely be my hang out spot from now on!4.5 stars. Game of Thrones references and shaved snow together seems like a match made in Kings Landing. Came here after seeing a friend post about it and glad to get here before the 3pm(weird time I know) rush. You can get a very sizeable bowl of shaved ice cream for $5, though a specialty is $6 and comes with a bunch of toppings preset to already be delicious. Tried out the Taipei 101(Matcha, red bean, grass jelly, mochi, condensed milk) and also the Red Lady(Taro, red bean, marshmallows, whipped cream, fruity pebbles, pocky). Unfortunately there was no mochi today but some substitutions with pocky and marshmallows were made. The shaved portions were large(though we unfortunately did not have the stomach to brave 'The Mountain'), and while the ice flavors could be more pronounced(would have liked a stronger taro or green tea flavor), everything was altogether quite delicious and very satisfying. Also place was clean, servers were very nice, and they had board games. Good location and place, and the GoT puns on the wall can't hurt it either.The shaved is undeniably delicious. Customer service not so great. Perhaps today was just a slow day, but I walked in and didn't feel welcomed by store owners. When I asked for napkins and suggested they put out napkins in tables, I got a bad stare. Not inviting, not kind, and definitely not coming back.Fluffy shaved ice cream, not too sweet. I had King of North (if I remembered correctly), really loved the black sesame flavor, reminds me of some snack I used to eat growing up. Will be back to try more other flavors.This place is a great, unique addition to University City for shaved ice. You can pick a flavored ice base for $5 and get different toppings for $0.50 each. They're fine with you sampling the ices and have suggested desserts on the wall. Really cute place with comfy couches for a quick dessert :)Was on the list for quite a few weeks now it never found the time. Came here after visiting the nearby park which is a hotspot for Pokemon. It was a really hot sunny day and I was very thankful that it was almost dusk. 
Location is decent. 2 min walk from cinemark makes it a nice go-to spot for after dinner desserts. 
Basically a Taiwanese shaved ice dessert place with amazing number of choices for everything. I made my own dessert with lychee flavor (yeah they have it, otherwise very difficult to find) and one topping and syrup option. The small size is actually a huge one. Trust me, just take the small portion. If you are planning to not have a meal after this, you might wanna consider other sizes else stick to the small one. The shaved ice in itself was very fluffy and didn't melt till the last bite. 
They were playing song videos which were really soothing to hear and ended up playing a game of jenga while eating my dessert. 
Overall a wonderful place with comfortable couch seating and board games to accompany the tasty dessert.
Hands down five star place. Must visit, if you are in the area.
People are young and friendly.Best shaved snow in Philly! Interesting flavors, decently sized portions, pricing is fair, and clean! Place is small, but service is nice and seating area available. Definitely worth trying!All the other reviews are raving about the desserts, so I wanted to mention that the bubble tea (which I think is a new-ish addition to their menu) is also solid! I got an iced milk tea and a hot jasmine milk tea and both were delicious - not too sweet and the tapioca pearls were perfectly cooked.One of my best dessert place in town. Brand new and clean with very comfort seating. Many favors of shaved ice and topping to choose from. Price very reasonable. Friendly staffs. Will definitely recommend to all my friends.I had Taiwanese shaved ice at this location yesterday and loved it. The ice is everything you want in a summer dessert, with the creaminess of ice cream, the sweetness of water ice (or Italian ice for those outside of Philly vernacular), and the light fluffiness of cotton candy. Flavors and toppings range from traditional American to traditional Chinese and Taiwanese (you won't find red beans as a topping in a standard ice cream shop). I had matcha green tea ice with red beans, lychee pops, and condensed milk topping- the more traditional Taiwanese choice- and I was not disappointed. It was rich and delicious, and the flavors complemented each other well. 
The shop has a laid-back feel, with couches and tables with chairs, board games, and pop figurines decorating the walls. It feels cute and intimate, the perfect mom and pop place to hang out, cool down, and spend time with friends. 
Check in on Yelp or FB for 25% off. Not sure what to get? The shop owners are very friendly and will happily make recommendations based on your tastes. My only complaint was that the "regular" (smallest) size was pretty big. That being said, I finished the whole thing before I knew it.This is the real deal! It's a very authentic match to true Taiwanese shaved ice, and it's delicious. There was a good selection of flavors and tons of toppings, too.
I wish the prices were slightly lower, but I'm sure it will remain a popular spot for a long while.Mmm. Shaved ice isn't a novelty for me, but Winterfell executes it so well. I've been here twice and have had both the lychee and matcha bases; the texture is so fluffy and the portions are generous. Even the regular size is pretty big-you could certainly share it. I had a matcha base with mochi and condensed milk (and pocky thrown in for checking in on Yelp) and it came out to around $5, which I thought was reasonable.The atmosphere here is just really chill and it's a great place to just hang out for a bit with friends. They have lots of games like uno, cards, connect 4, Jenga, and more. Music always plays in the background on a big screen tv. Plenty of room and chairs for people who might want to study here. The shaved ices aren't that good and don't have that much flavor, but the toppings can usually help make up for that a little. You can switch out any of the toppings for something else. Would recommend the boyfriend material one the most, as the taro ice probably has the most flavor out of the ones I've tried.You will not find any Starks here, however you will find some delicious Taiwanese shaved ice! Admittedly, I had no clue what any of the flavors were but thankfully my friend recommended the taro and it did not disappoint. 
Number 1, it's purple so that's just cool.
Number 2, it's so fluffy and subtly sweet that you won't be overwhelmed and grossly full afterwards. 
Number 3, it's the perfect vehicle for some chocolate toppings! 
Interior has a cool concept, very clean and cool yet comfortable and cozy in its own way. You'll see when you visit.I've really been lucky enough to branch out with slightly strange or new dessert options recently. On the heels of my first (subpar) Thai rolled ice cream at Sweet Charlie's, I noticed this place near my work and decided to give it a go. I came here with a co-worker after hitting Saad's in West Philly for lunch. Couldn't convince her to try one along with me, but we split one serving instead. 
The flavor board by the register has a ton of combinations, and the space itself is cool and looks like a decent place to hang out, with lots of board games and tables. 
The shaved ice itself, however, is pretty unbearably sweet. It's got an interesting texture - light, fluffy-ish, and kinda melt-y like cotton candy, but with a bit more body and creaminess to it than that. I'm not normally a sweets guy, so maybe take my review with that grain of salt, but I felt sick as I tried to scarf down the whole thing. Ended up not finishing it, which I never, ever do with most any food. 
As far as my Philly desserts go, still swearing by my reliable standbys of Bassett's and Chinatown bubble tea for the time being, until something convinces me otherwise.The bubble tea here is really good but definitely on the sweeter side. I come way too often as it is a nice treat on a hot day. I generally get the mango milk tea which is delicious and sometimes venture out and try the shaved ice. The shaved ice is quite good but I always have trouble deciding what I want as toppings. Last time, I ordered one with grass jelly and red beans as I wanted to try something new but I was not a big fan of either. The red beans were a bit harder than I was expecting. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed and they even offer board games which you can play while waiting for your desert.Making good boba is not easy and that's why many places' bubble tea is undrinkable! This place has great boba. The boba is sweetened with just the right amount of sugar (or honey) and well cooked through. I'll definitely come back again!The ice cream was so-so. It was kinda interesting business concept. Parking was on the street and hard to find depending on time of the visit because lots of other business located nearby. Service was ok not the fastest nor the slowest. I somewhat recommend this place.I just didn't like it. I tried the "boyfriend material" which was fruity pebble flavored and something strawberry flavored and it just wasn't for me. It was like oily shaved ice or something. They were beautiful to look at and dairy free, but it just didn't hit the spot for me. Kudos on the name, though!I stopped here for the first time with my boyfriend as an impromptu date night. I got the Snow White and his was the King of the North. Although I liked mine much better than his, I thought they were both delicious! Love their unique combinations. 
They look huge, but aren't as heavy as ice cream so keep that in mind. I was able to finish my medium size no problem.
My favorite part was that we could hang out in a relaxed setting and play old school board games while eating ourtreats. Lots of fun and super yummy! I highly recommend this place :)I had the mango -y combo (can't remember what it's called), and it was really great. Huge cups for the price! I'll be back to try the lychee and honeydew flavors.Thank you Kevin, Rocky, John & Stephanie for hosting us for my Travel with Chef Cherryl Series!!We love the Original Taiwanese Shaved Ice- All 3 flavors were amazing!!! I'm Soo glad there's finally an authentic Taiwanese Shaved ice in Philadelphia. All flavors were top notch. I will def be back and will tell all my friends to check out your store. 
Naruto- Mango, mango pops, mango fruit, coconut shavings, whipped cream--- this one def u can taste the refreshing mango taste!! Love it!!! 
Snow White- lychee, lychee pops, rainbow Jelly, condensed milk -- two words Lychee Heaven
Taipe- green tea, red bean, mochi, grass jelly, condensed milk--- this one is top notch for green tea lovers!!! 
I will be back definitely and will bring all my friends!! See u soon!!!I would go north of the wall just to get another taste. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I got the lychee flavor and it blew my mind. Also, I learned that pocky sticks are just long cookies.Great environment. Fun games like I guess who. It's a great spot near the UPenn campus. They also have a loyalty card, so don't forget to get that! There a couches there so it's a relaxing spot to meet with friends. I've gotten passion fruit green tea there and it was good.Dope business idea. I had bingsu for the first time here and dang it was so good!! The small size is very generous. Will definitely be coming here all the time!I don't know where to begin. It's not Coco and it's not gongcha but it's pretty good. It's a little far off campus if you're walking so can't go there more than twice a week but I still do. The boba is high quality compared to the nearby Boba food truck and the shaved ice is great and big enough for two. I usually get Red Wedding for shaved ice and mango (not milk tea) boba. 
The employees are all really nice. One time when I was in the store, a bunch of teenagers came in and thought it would be funny to turn the trash can upside down and the employees were cleaning it :(. 
The board games are a really nice touch and the atmosphere is great...the boba cup sized can be on the smaller side and sometimes it's extremely warm inside/humid. I have filled up my buy 9 get one free card at least 3 times. 
Boba forever!My review will be biased from one drink
Service:4/5
Decor: 4/5
Drink: 0/5
Friendly service. Neat decor with sofas. This place was crowded and the line gets long.
I got the Black sesame boba had gooey boba and I wasn't a fan of that. The black sesame tasted watered down.Fantastic! The shaved ice here is like no other in philly. This is not slushy. It has the texture sort of like  cotton candy. Highly recommended. Suggested flavors: Naruto and Snow White.Yummy shaved ice. A little different than your typical Taiwanese ice since they have some awesome flavors, like sesame, green tea, etc. Cute shop with chairs/tables and even couches.My first experience with snow cream! Winterfell is a good dessert option if you want something unique and relatively light. Happy I got a chance to try it before the school year starts and it's overrun by students. With multiple exciting flavors and toppings, a GoT theme, board games galore, and late night hours, I am sure business will explode once Penn is back in session. 
Flavors are hit or miss - go for the Taro or the Black Sesame. I was most excited to try their Matcha flavor and was disappointed to find it bland and chalky. Mochi and condensed milk drizzle are a must, as well as the variety of fresh fruits. A bit pricey, but portions are generous. You can easily share a small with a friend. Be warned: your grass jelly topping will harden and freeze into a weird sludgy version of what it once was.I like their taro milk tea. It's better than other boba in a way that the milk they used is fresh regular milk, not powder oneOne of the actual places that has legit shaved ice. The Taipei special with pocky sticks was delicious. Plenty of choices and combinations to try. Highly recommended for dessert.I've been wanted to check out this place a while and I finally got a chance to go this past weekend. As first time customer here, the owner/server was very friendly and helpful in guiding me with the selections on the menu. Going with the recommendation, I got one of the specials called Taipei which was basically green tea, mochi, red beans, and grass jelly. I was pretty happy with my choice because it was flavorful. The green tea flavor was so fresh which I thought was really good, making me feel like I was drinking actual green tea. The price was reasonable too for the portion. The atmosphere is very inviting and chillax. There are board games like Guess Who, Battleship, Connect Four, Chess, etc. So you can play while enjoying the shaved ice. The place is spacious with sofas and chairs so you will always find a place to sit. The place is also clean (bathroom too) which I thought is a plus. I was not sure if they get the name from Game of Thrones or was just a coincidence because I was really looking forwards to see more Game of Thrones theme decorations or the names inspired on the menu; it was just my thought though I think it would be cool if they do. Overall, I really like this place and I would go back here again to try other items on the menu.Worth the hype, but errs on the side of pricey. The sizes are quite generous though, and the environment is nice and good for hanging out with friendsSo good!!!! Unlike anything I've had before. It's worth it! Check in on yelp and you can get a coupon. The combinations are fun but I would recommend creating your own!Might be a little biased as a huge Thrones fan, but I really enjoyed my visit here. The two guys working were really friendly and I love that this place has board games and super comfy couches. Also, the serving sizes here are huge (come in a group so you can share "the Mountain")!!!! You will definitely leave here satisfied!This is a great spot to chill on 40th Street. I was there mid afternoon during the week and there was plenty of seating. Not sure how crowded it gets during peak times but the decor was calm and open. Service was prompt, my mango milk tea was delicious. I'll def stop in again when I'm in the area to try some other things on the menu.THIS PLACE WAS SO GOOD. I ordered the Taipei and it was kind of a life changing experience. The red beans, mochi, and grass jelly really complemented the green tea flavor (+ the sweetness of the condensed milk). The texture of the ice itself is so unique and I've never seen anything like it before. I ordered a small and it was very filling ..... Will definitely be coming back and I am Super Ready.Impression: another Asian shaved ice place that is a safe bet if you have an expectation in your mind and it will not disappoint. I thought their combinations were fun! we got the naruto (mango and coconut), the love story (lychee and pocky stick), and Tokyo (green tea, red bean, mochi, and condensed milk). 
If you're wanting something fruity, then I think the Naruto or lychee one is a solid choice with their exploding boba of juice, sweet fruity shaved ice, and condensed milk. I personally like the traditional Asian green tea and bean flavors bc I find them milder and not as sugary as the fructose delicious concoctions from the fruity choices. I am also a mochi lover loving the chewy texture in my shaved ice. The small is 6.75, medium is 8$, and large is 10$. If you're sharing with a friend then that large is more than enough for the two of you! 
It's a super fun place that is close to many restaurants so it makes a good dessert place after a good Asian dinner like ochatto next door- they also love Katy Perry music videos from what I can see :PReally great experience here!
We tried the White Christmas (lychee shaved ice with shaved coconut, lychee boba, whipped cream, and pocky) and added strawberries on top. It was both beautiful and delicious! It was my first time ever having Taiwanese shaved ice, so I was expecting a really icy Sno-cone texture; instead, the shaved ice was fluffy, delicate, and melt-in-your-mouth creamy-- like eating actual snow! I loved the mixture of textures that the toppings added. Service was great and very generous. There are so many choices in toppings that we were a little overwhelmed and went with one of the specials, but next time we'll have the bravery to make our own!My wife is Filipino-American and Pinoys like their shaved ice desserts. They call it Halo Halo, so when I saw Winterfell pop up a few months ago on Yelp I wanted to to take her to try this newer Asian dessert place. Also being a big Game of Thrones book and HBO series fan, they had me at Winterfell and the writing on the wall, "Dessert is Coming".
Wintefell is across the street from Distrito and the store is bright and clean with a lot of white tiles, black board walls, and blue ceilings. There is some table seating and also red couches. There are games and some Asian kitsch on the floating shelves. We were there on a Saturday night and the crowd was mostly Asian and a young college crowd. I felt old but so be it, at least we didn't have to wait in a long line like at those trendy Thai rolled ice cream joints. There is a big chalk board menu, which I took a picture of. Customers can either create their own or select from the specials. My daughter and I decided to share the Taiepei, while my wife and my father in law shared the Naruto. They also had two GOT themed specials the King of the North (Rob or Jon?) or the Red Wedding. 
We both ordered their small sizes and that was enough for two people to share. At $6.25 it is not a bad deal either. Winterfell has 3 sizes, small, medium and the Mountain. Why not Arya, The Hound and The Mountain? Oh well and anyway both of these desserts were really good. They were not overly sweet and all the weird and strange ingredients to this non Asian worked together well. On a hot day, this place would be the bomb.
There is a decent amount of seating and they have some board games and such. Cool place and concept. I'll be back to take on the King of the North. That sounds really good. Also with my Yelp check in they gave me 10% off!
4 Yelp starsThe best dessert place in town! I love the taste and beautiful presentation of their shaved ice, would definitely go back and try their bubble tea as well.I like the idea of flavored shave ice. It allows a lot more combinations and possibilities I personally tried the taipei special which is pretty good but I'd like a stronger matcha flavor.It's so light compared to frozen yogurt. The toppings are a bit too sweet, but it was still delicious enough that I finished the whole thing. :) 
They also have lots of fun games that provided a ton of entertainment while we devoured our desert.It was good fortune that by the time I passed Winterfell, I was maybe on Season 4 of GoT.
This whole place is like a nerdbomb exploded inside. GoT quotes all over the walls, four HD large screened TVs showing music videos (hello Taylor Swift), free wifi with reference to, yes, GoT.
After walking for literal miles and whining about more walking to the Eastern State Penitentiary, we arrived at Winterfell.
It was everything I hoped it would be: chill, clean bathroom, great shaved ice dessert, cute sofas to lounge around, free wifi.
I never wanted to leave. But alas we had to visit a prison.Brace yourself - Winterfell is here.
I've had Winterfell bookmarked on Yelp since the summer. I don't frequent in West Philly much so I finally got to try it in the middle of winter - or shall I say - after Winter fell. 
Even with the cool temperatures, Winterfell hit the spot. I shared the Boyfriend Material with my boyfriend and it got the boyfriend (and girlfriend) approval. 
The shaved ice itself wasn't too sweet which is a YUGE plus. The toppings on the Boyfriend Material also complimented the taro nicely. (Side note: You get a free topping with a Yelp check-in (I got mochi and highly recommend it with this combination!)) The texture of the shaved ice was also exceptionally smooth and creamy. I've had other shaved ices/snow creams and texturally - they might be the best. Another plus is that it's not as heavy as ice cream - so you can definitely try to conquer another bowl. The décor here is pretty typical for the cool Asian hang out spot - so the usual: board games, big screens, and ikea furniture. 
I foresee customers having to HOLD THE DOOR open during the summer time.I ordered a green tea shave ice with red beans and mochi. The green tea flavor is very mild/weak. I'd prefer the stronger flavor of green. I'll give 3 stars for the pretty nice texture of the shave ice and the toppings.A great new dessert place in town! Mango, my favorite flavor with many different toppings to choose from totally satisfies my cravings. Price is very fair. Nice and clean environment with addition of fun games. Great place to hang out and relax.Came here with my daughters. The service was friendly. We tried the Taipei shaved ice and my daughter loved it. My fav part was that we could play old school board games while eating our dessert. Overall, yum dessert, great service and atmosphere.Don't be taken aback by the huge cups! This Taiwanese shaved ice is super light when picked up and their topping options seem endless! When scooping this shaved ice, it reminds me of moon sand. We kept it simple and got taro with grass jelly and condensed milk. It was pretty good even though it's not my personal favorite, but I can appreciate it. Next time I'll try different flavors. How can you go wrong with their millions of combinations?For a month, I was working overnights at Penn Presbyterian, and this was the perfect pick me up in the evening. They are a shaved ice place based of Game of Thrones, but serves up some amazing desserts. You can make infinite combinations of desserts - but my go to for the week was matcha green tea with mochi, nilla wafers, and condensed milk. This place quickly became a tradition for my friend and I during our long nights in the hospital.great array of toppings and the small shaved ice is huge. relaxing and comfortable place with board games availableIn the road trip, stopped by this cozy newly open dessert place near University of Penn. They have plenty of seats where you can sit down and enjoy the AC. The store has lots to explore, I love the little plants and toys wall decors. 
It is just the BEST PLACE TO BE after a HOT day outside. They have lots selections of ICY, CREAMY, TASTY Shaved ice with a wide range of topping to choose. Just like what I tasted back in Taiwan. Yummyyyy. will def. want to come back.I ordered 4 Black Teas with boba, after being told the boba didn't cost extra. Instead, the woman charged me for green milk tea, which costs more. When I confronted her, she said it couldn't be changed because she had already made the green milk tea. I also asked for no ice... but she messed that up too. 
I had enough to get a free one from the stamp card. She didn't let me use it, instead saying I'd have to use it next time.
Overall, I love the tea here, but the poor costumer service ruined it. There are other places in the city.