A few of the restaurants I wanted to go to while I was in the area were booked up given the close proximity to Valentine's Day.  Tired and walking around at this point, we stumbled past Wok and someone said 'If you're thinking about it, give them a try."  
We walked in and they had a nice bar and what looked to be a nice dining area with only two couples seated, which I did find odd for 7PM.  
Waiter barely spoke English and could not even understand the things listed on the menu and finally had to call the female bartender over who spoke English pretty well.  Drinks were ordered and then we said we were going to start with some appetizers and soup and wait to order entrées.  Once again he did not understand and kept asking if we were going to order dinner.  
We ordered the "Spicy "Spicy" Wontons," Scallion Pancake, and Wonton Soups.  Looking at the menu I got a Chinese American take-out feel simply restaurant style with prices twice as high.  Basically that's what it came to.  The wontons were miniscule and drowning in a thick brown sauce that lacked spice and tasted sweeter than spicy.  The scallion pancake was so undercooked it was not even hot and the wonton soup which were 2.75 each were small portions and basically a thin clear broth with the same tiny wontons thrown in from the app.  
We had higher hopes for dinner, especially when reading SOME of the Yelp reviews here.  We had the Spicy Beef, Boneless Spare Ribs and Kung Pao Chicken.  My spicy beef was for the most part spicy, but about 3 parts vegetables 1 part tiny chopped beef that is typically found in take-outs.  
I don't know what Wok is trying to pull.  Dress up a Chinese take-out with white tablecloths, a few candles, throw in a bar, double the prices and you know what?  The food is still the same shit quality.   
Avoid.  
Street parking in front.  SEPTA down the street to make your quick escape.The WOK has very good food. I normally get shrimp & broccoli from here. However be aware if you have your credit card you must spend over $8.Ordered spring rolls and curry - the spring rolls were great, and came with an interested mustard glaze-type dipping sauce. The curry, on the other hand, was awful. It had NO taste, and definitely was nowhere near spicy as the menu claimed. I asked to add baby corn and was charged an extra dollar. That's fine, expected even, but I had no more than three pieces of baby corn sliced in half! Who slices baby corn in half??
All in all, I would say stick to the Chinese food here. I've never had it but the other reviews and the other diners seemed to enjoy their orders. Stay away from the curry!I've only ordered takeout/delivery from this place, but they are fast and dependable. Record time must have been 10 mins from the time I hung up my phone to when I heard that familiar knock on the door.
I've had the cold noodles with peanut sauce (suggest passing), broccoli beef (good), and mongolian beef (did not like this - the meat came slightly battered and not at all spicey). Egg drop soup is a healthy size for the smaller portion and plenty for 2 people.
Tip - rice portions tend to be on the smaller side so I'd recommend ordering two per entree.Worst Chinese food I've ever had in my life. Quite expensive at that. Freakishly expensive actually. I can't understand how this place has stayed in business.This is an great Chinese-American restaurant. The style of Chinese food is very American-- that is it's a little heavier, with very sweet sauces. The rice was a little dry-- but other than that it was pretty good.  The prices were fair and comparable with the quality. The interior is a little cheesy, but it's cute and the staff is very enthusiastic.Decent Chinese/American food.  Square on Square is better 0 in my opinion, but the decor here is a titch nicer.  They serve all the standards like egg rolls, chicken & brocolli and pepper steak.
I have had lunch here a few times - never dinner- and I always got in and out quickly.
Convenient Walnut Street location.Dinner here was alright. The sauce for my boyfriend's entrée reminded me of the sauce food vendors in Chinatown put on the fish balls with rice noodles, yur dan churng fun? That's my best pinyin. It's not actual fish balls.
I liked his dish more than mine.Went here for lunch on a Friday with 2 of my coworkers.  We were seated quickly and our waiter/waitress stopped by right away to fill our waters.  Inside the decor is nice and probably a lot nicer than most chinese restaurants in Philly.  
I started off with an egg roll and it was okay.  It wasn't very hot so I'm assuming it was sitting out like some of the other reviewers suggested.  I ordered the mongolian beef and my coworkers had tofu pad thai and pepper steak.  
All of our entree's came with white rice except for the pad thai which is disappointing because I prefer fried rice.  I was also disappointed in the portion size of my mongolian beef and that's why I'm giving it two stars.  The beef itself was probably worthy of three stars but the portion size brings my rating down to 2 stars.We eat here regularly because we can walk, there's a always a table, and the food is consistent American Chinese, and the prices reasonable.  
The setting, inherited mostly from a prior incarnation I suspect, is quite pleasant although there's some garish artwork.  There's the inevitable TV in the front (bad in my estimation), but it doesn't play loud enough to bother if you sit in the rear.I don't have much to say about woks. The food was good. The service was nice and fast. Although the place was fairly empty so they really couldn't help but be fast. Better quality food than your average Chinese takeout. I appreciated the fact that they offered plain brown rice. I had the chicken and broccoli and my lady had the general Tso chicken. Two play it safe dishes you can't go wrong with. Woks excelled with both. I do plan to return in the near future.I just moved to Philly and was recommended this place from a friend in the area.  I went there for lunch and they did not have a lot of lunch specials mostly hibachi (which is cooked in the kitchen), sushi, and a box order.  I got the box which is a little bit of everything.  It came with soup, salad, rice, shrimp, sushi,  egg rolls, and dumplings.  It was great and a lot of food definitely worth the price.  The hibachi was also very good! Definitely recommend this place!The first rule of thumb is to not look at the menu online and think those prices are related to today's prices. Check the date of that thing - it says 2006. Apparently inflation has doubled since then because most of the items have sky rocketed when you look at the physical menu. If you could have purchased a futures contract on their menu prices, you would have become rich!... but I digress. Some of their house specialties are pushing $19. I could head over to Chinatown and walk out with an entire cow for those prices! 
So that was the bad. The good was that the taste of the two dishes that I ordered was pretty good. I had the Hot and Spicy Shrimp ($13.50) and the New Mei Fun Singapore noodles ($12.50). Unfortunately the shrimp was not in the slightest spicy, but it did have a good flavor. The only vegetable mixed in was some onions (which is good for a meatatarian such as myself). The noodle dish had shrimp and chicken but both were a little dry. The noodles tasted great though. 
For the price, the amount of food is not tremendous, but you also won't be left starving. The service was great, albeit there were only 3 other tables being dined at. The interior looks nice, with soft traditional music being played. This was offset by the TV playing Seinfield re-runs. 
The complimentary appetizer little crisps dish tasted stale. 
I had a Groupon. 
Food Quality/Taste =  3/5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2/5 Stars
Service = 5 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 StarsWok has become my go-to for delivery Chinese. Full disclosure - I haven't dined in. 
The food is above average for the genre - General Tso's, Lo-Mein, fried rice, etc. One thing to be aware of is only certain dishes use white meat chicken. The menu has everything you would expect and a couple of surprises; the "I-Don't-Know Chicken" comes to mind -  a pad-thai-ish chicken dish that is pretty good. They were totally willing to kick up the spice in my Chicken w/ garlic sauce too. 
The delivery is what sets Wok apart. It's fast, and I mean scary fast. The also take credit cards which is always a plus.This place is fantastic for a quick lunch for business or for bro-dates.  The food is standard chinese.  They offer a pretty good selection of sushi in the upstairs portion of the restaurant.I have had food from Wok delivered, and eaten there.  The delivery is quick and the food arrives hot and fresh.  The shrimp with broccoli is great, as is the beef with broccoli and the moo shoo pork.  The only thing I did not like here was the shrimp with lobster sauce.
When I ate there, it was a little disconcerting how quickly the food came out, but it tasted fresh enough.  The staff is friendly.Oh how I love thee Wok. The girls at my office and I order from here at least once a month and our food is always fantastic. I've never gotten a dish I didn't like.  Albeit, it's chinese takeout so my standards aren't particularly high, but I love this place.  
Everytime we call the woman on the phone tells me 30-45 mins and it's usually here in 10. Yesterday we ordered and our receipt said 2:01 and the delivery guy walked through the door at 2:11. I love that. Working in Center City you usually have to wait forever for delivery but they are super fast. The delivery guy is super sweet as well, even on a rainy horrible day.
Like most people I'm partial to The General, but have been trying to branch out. I'm now hooked on their cold sesame noodles and Spare Ribs Combo.  My co-worker wouldn't survive without their wonton soup. I also enjoy their hot and sour soup, which is nice and hot.
Highly recommended!Very cool spot. I walked past this for years an never went inside. The food was great! Chicken Satay was top-notch and the bartender Grace makes a mean martini. I'll be back!Friendly staff, swift service, no-foolin' bar -- and amazing recall of their customers, even after only two well-spaced visits. I couldn't remember the terrific entree from last time -- they could! (Pork chow fun, piping hot.)The driver berated me in front of my apartment building after I asked him not to yell at me on the phone (a call that consisted of only "Where are you!?!"). This was the absolute worst and most embarrassing food delivery ever. Do yourself a favor and order from one of the hundred other Chinese restaurants in Philly that are actually courteous to their customers. Thankfully, the food was nothing to write home about.This is my go-to Chinese food spot...not expensive and extremely consistent.  I've only been there once for lunch (like, sitting down) but the service was very good and quick.  Most of the time, I order steamed chicken and broc to go - about $11.00 for a huge container of it and it lasts for two lunches.
I'm not a huge Chinese food connoisseur, but in my opinion, every time I've gotten one of the standards, it's been better than most other places.  Delivery is very quick too - Wok has fed me through many a lunch meeting.This place has quality food and Im very picky. I usually get shrimp with brocohli or mongolian beef, you cant go wrong. Also, they are open late and they keep the place clean.Back in the good old days when I lived in Rittenhouse I used to come here a lot. They had really cheap beer, which I love and delicious spring rolls which I may love more. 
When in Philly for 12 hours this week I had to make a quick stop to devour some spring rolls. Still good. Still cheap. I miss this place.I've decided to upgrade my review and since I've been a little stingy in the past for 5 star ratings, I feel that this place makes the cut as it has become one of my favorite Chinese restaurants. I've now been here probably close to 50 times for lunch. Simply put, mostly everything I have had here has been good and they have an expansive menu. This rarely ever happens for me at a restaurant. Usually I will fixate on one particular dish because the other ones that I try there don't pass muster. So what have I tried?
-Beef with Peking Sauce ---all three of these beef varieties are basically the same dish
-Beef with Garlic Sauce --- and the veggies and meat are thin sliced
-Singapore Rice Noodle with Curry 
-Shrimp and broccoli with white sauce (they were actually out of asparagus, also tried the snow pea version) -- tasty, but the white sauce looks a little gooey sometimes (think snot)
-Beef with black bean sauce
-I know Chicken
-General Tso Chicken (I tried this once because a lot of the reviews complain about it. It's not that great, but it is an American dish, so what do you expect?)
-Not a fan of the kung pao either. 
Favorites:
[x] Hot & Spicy Beef  --- but the hot and spicy is the best sauce, imo. 
[x]Chicken/Shrimp Chow Fun -- usually Chinese restaurants F the meat up here.. not Wok.
[x]Hot & Spicy Shrimp
[x]Hunan Chicken and Beef --[my favorite]
[x]Crispy Sesame Chicken/Shrimp
I usually order online and by the ten minute walk to arrive it is ready to pickup. The lunch special deal is pretty decent and the amount of food they provide is reasonable.
They usually have traditional Chinese music playing in the nicely adorned seating area.Awful. Very Americanized Chinese food that's full of corn starch and sugar. Everything is HEAVILY sauced. Hot and spicy shrimp dish was essentially 5 shrimp battered in corn starch and an entire container of chopped onions in a day glo red sauce that was too sweet to even eat. Totally disgusting. Broccoli with garlic sauce was sweet, again very heavy sauce that was full of corn starch. Hadn't ordered Chinese food in years, since I normally cook my own - now I remember why!
If you're looking for something authentic, Wok is NOT it.Only stopped in here once. werid little place but nothing bad about it. my brother found some odd love for it during out 30 min visit for a drink... why? i don't know but if he likes it they have to get 4 starsMy boyfriend and I went here last summer for the City Sips happy hour special, and we loved this place so much that we go back now even when it's not happy hour.  In addition to the drink specials (complete with cute paper umbrellas), I ordered their rice noodle soup, and my boyfriend got the duck.  The soup was amazing - flavorful and chock full of scallops and such.  It also came in a humungous bowl.  I ladled myself two cups worth, and my bf had a cup, and I still had enough to take home for two more meals!  The crispy duck was also very good, although it was cut up with the bones still in it, which made it hard to eat.  This place also has cool decor and friendly wait staff, so I highly recommend it.Living Social had $5 off delivery and I was home alone so figured I'd try this place.  First bad news was wonton soup - about the level you get from the truck on the corner.  Tepid broth, incredibly thick wontons.  Then, the "dragon and Phoenix" was basically moo goo gai pan (and not that good) with one tiny piece of lobster added.  When I called to complain, the manager said that's how they do it because lobster is expensive.  I pointed out to her that it was $5 more than the chicken dish - her response - "lobster is very expensive."  I thought maybe that's how they were saving the LS coupon cost, but I guess that's their standard practice.  Don't bother going -- so many better places.Wok scares me.  It's average Chinese takeout (some dishes are great, others not so much) at pretty good prices, location considered.  But they scare me.  Why?  Because I am constantly amazed how they can without fail deliver to me in 15 minutes every time.  Something just ain't right...
...but when I'm hungry, I'll go to them over any other Chinese joint in the area.Boyfriend had a soon-to-expire Groupon/LivingSocial/something or other deal so we decided to have Wok, as it's Labor Day and we didn't feel like doing much. 
The prices seem a bit high considering many of the menu items can be found at most any Chinese restaurant, but the quality of the food is decent and worth the Groupon. 
We ordered the crab rangoon which was fried to perfection. The filling, though, wasn't what I expected. I tasted more celery than crab. 
We also ordered the Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao chicken. The beef was cook really well - it was crispy but juicy at the same time, and full of flavor. The portion, though, is a bit small, so beware. The chicken was also cooked and seasoned well, providing just enough spice. The beef and chicken both came with small bowls of white rice.
The staff is friendly and attentive without being pushy.Perfect service!  Used delivery and it was fast. Food was delicious!
Sweet & Sour Chicken
Chow Fun
Shrimp in black bean
Fried rice
All were tasty.  Quick and convenient. Good for visitors who have no car and it gets a bit cold to walk.Recently came here with a group of 11 colleagues for lunch.  We had a reservation and our table was already set up upon our arrival.  They promptly took our order, brought out appetizers immediately, and our food came out lightning fast.  They boxed up our leftovers and we had our check all within an hour of arrival.  Pretty impressive!
The food was average, but satisfying.  Lots of variety on the menu and they also had some Thai fusion specials available.  Probably wouldn't come back just for the food, but for a quick and easy lunch it's a good option in the area.I've eaten General Tso's Chicken at every Chinese restaurant in 25 states. Without a doubt, Wok's General Tso's is the best I've had. really crispy. Not too breaded. Spicy. It's a real winner.
Wok is a great place for lunch. For around $10 you can get an entire meal, tea included. They cook food to order, so if you want something spicy, it's yours. 
The restaurant is comfortable, clean, and the service is great. I'm a fan.quiet during the week for dinner. decent food. i've been a few times and they seem pretty consistent, but there's probably better chinese food for the same prices somewhere else.VERY affordable. FAST delivery.  Great General Tso's Chicken.  Generous portions.  The hot and sour soup has a unique flavor; though I liked it, it wasn't my favorite.  I order from them about every 6 weeks or so.  They never disappoint!Horrible Chinese food @ Wok...not recommended for foodies with sensitive palates. I ended up sending two entries back 'cause they were just not up to par.  Even by American-Chinese take-out standards, Wok is terrible. (Being Chinese, I was given a honest opinion from one staff: "We mainly cater to Americans so we make everything extra sweet.) I was shock to hear that; as if Americans don't know what good Chinese food taste like. I was just offended by this place's food quality and what the staff disclosed to me.    I will never return here...Wok is my delivery chinese joint.  I have never eaten inside, nor do I ever intend to, bc China Town is simply to close.  The review of this restaurant is strictly based on delivery.  
In philly, you have two options, order and pick up from Chinatown, or find a closer place that delivers and has combo meals and what not.  Wok is a combination of both.  They do not have a big combo-meal list, maybe 5 things... but they are normally the things ppl order (ie-chicken and broc-that type of stuff.)  
The food is normally pretty good, definitely better than anything i'd get outside chinatown.  The dumplings are superb, and their specialties are also pretty good.  The fried rice is a difference maker, as it is legit fried rice and not the colored rice youd get from a delivery/takeout joint.
overall, every now and then i get a bad order from them, but most of the time they are on point-lately theyve been really good.  The prices are a touch higher than normal take out chinese but lower than chinatown restaurants.  Also, and this is a big plus in my book... I live on the 5th floor, and they ALWAYS come up to my door and deliver.. automatic extra tip.Like this place quite a bit. Good service whether taking out or eating in.Nothing impressive here. Food is good but not memorable. Service is polite and friendly, reasonably fast. Dining room is clean and almost comfortable. Good spot for a bite when you're not "going out."Space is attractive, modern, service was very good.  
Food: egg rolls, excellent, crisp, not soggy, large pieces of shrimp.  
Chicken satay, stringy chicken, watery sauce, 
General Tso's chicken, texture was right, tasted ok, not great, broccoli was good and brown rice was well prepared.  I like Lee How Fuk and Sekora better.  They need to kick it up a notch, esp w. slightly higher prices and prime location.Has all the things I love about a Chinese restaurant: nice big menu, decent prices, fast service, good size portions, and plentiful crunchy noodles. We've gone here a bunch of times when we needed to catch a quick meal before a show, and it was hoppin' when we all went here for the traditional Christmas Eve Chinese dinner ;) I wouldn't say it's the best I've ever had, but I've enjoyed all of my meals here, and I could make a meal of their chicken dumplings =)Summary: Passable food, Higher Prices, Okay Service
Went here with an old friend to grab a bite to eat and catch up on a Friday evening. They started us off with fried wontons (on the house), followed by a decent hot and sour soup (spice level was good, but broth tasted odd), and finally, entrees were the special of the day, General Tso's Chicken. The chicken tasted weird, and the sauce was probably on the lower end of the sauces that I've eaten as part of General Tso's in my lifetime.
The food was passable, but nothing really past that. Cheap tasting Americanized Chinese food. I'm actually surprised at how high the rating for the restaurant is here on Yelp.
The service was okay - the server got around to filling the water and clearing plates, but only eventually. She also looked quite miserable, which could also have been because the entire place was empty on a Friday night, but either way, it was no reason to make us feel bad for being there.
Overall, for a soup, two entrees, and no drinks, the check came out to 39$, not including gratuity. That was way more than it should have costed - the food was on par with what I could have gotten for 15$ at a food truck.
My recommendation would be to avoid this place.The food here is pretty solid and the decor looks like a futuristic China conquered France theme. I came here for dinner and met  bartender named Grace she was super friendly and earned this restaurant an extra *.   
I have to note it's pretty crazy that within this one building they serve Chinese, Thai and Japanese Hibachi.As many of you know, I have lived in this area for my entire life (aside from the years I spent in New England getting a very expensive, very worthless degree). That being said, I never have had a go-to chinese takeway place in the neighborhood...
Sure...there are a few decent places around, but nothing mindblowing (unless you count MSG as a mind-altering drug). 
So, it was cuh-razy  when we found a menu from Wok and decided to give it a try this weekend....
AMAZING. I'm pretty sure this was the best chinese takeaway that I've had on the east coast. We had a pretty great spread including moo shu pork, peking pork, house lo-mein, and a smorsgasboard of apps.
The soups were delish! -- Hot & Sour Soup was flavorful, but not overwhelmingly hot and my grandmom had the tofu and vegetable soup which was refreshing and full of colorful and crisp vegetables. 
I would say YES YES YES to Wok!!!How this place managed to be awarded "Top Honors in the 2010 Philly Hot list" is completely beyond me.  Even more baffling is how Wok has a 3.5 star rating here.  I came here with a friend and we tried the spicy wonton appetizer (which was highly recommended by the staff), the mango chicken and the sizzling beef plate (both of which was also recommended).  The entire meal was a disaster: the food did not taste good, the portion sizes were small and the prices were unreasonably high.
The wonton appetizer was a gooey mess.  The sauce also had an obscene amount of black pepper in it (being Chinese, I usually welcome large amounts of peppers).  The mango chicken was the epitome of bastardized Chinese food.  The chicken was fairly dry and the sauce was a gooey fluorescent orange.  It was not appetizing and my friend actually felt sick after eating it.  The sizzling beef plate was edible and would have been passable had this been a food truck.  
The two entrees and the appetizer cost us about $50 (including tip).  Even after finishing everything, we were not full.  For the same price we could have ordered three entrees at Han Dynasty, left full with tons of leftovers for the next day.  If you enjoy sub-par take-out-quality cuisine at Han Dynasty prices, I would give this place a try.  Otherwise, stay clear.  I know I certainly will.
To end this review on a bright note, they had brown rice for an extra dollar (wasn't enough to redeem the entire experience though).My go-to neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  Great for takeout -- I usually pick up but they also deliver.  The standard American Chinese dishes (wonton soup, hot & sour soup, chicken with whatev, lo mein, etc.) are fine, but not standouts in quality compared to anywhere else.  
My favorite dishes: super spicy wonton (that's the name, and it really is super spicy), house special boneless duck, cold sesame noodles (the sauce is delish), Hawaiian fried rice (shrimp, pineapples, etc.) 
This place is surprisingly nice for dining in, too -- maybe my standards are low for a standard Chinese restaurant, but I think my reaction the first time I walked in, a few years ago, was "it looks like a REAL restaurant."  Nice decor, good service, full bar.  
And this review would be incomplete without mentioning that the girl who works at the bar is sweet, funny, and will remember you if you're a repeat customer.  If you've got some time to spare, sit at the bar, have a "zombie zonk" and some apps, and enjoy.many people that i know that there is a difference in Chinese food, and American Chinese food. Chinese food is authentic food from china that many Americans wont like. However, The Wok is the best "American Chinese" food I have ever had in my life. Not only is the food great, the food presentation is awesome.They have now closed!! So sad!!
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Walnut-Sts-Wok-closing-to-become-Calypso-St-Barth.htmlWok is great, both for eating in or takeout. The food is nothing fancy, but is always good and pretty inexpensive. Plus, they deliver takeout to my apartment in 15 minutes or less every time.wok is a great spot for lunch/ dinner.  it's my coworker's favorite, and after visiting couple times, I know why.  firstly, a friendly staff will get you far, and they are very amicable.  when you enter, it feels like Cheers! NORM !!..  it's never crowded on the days i've gone although it seems like they have a large takeout crowd..  the food is fresh, flavorful, and GOOD. simple dishes such as their shrimp fried rice require no soy/ duck sauce.  i appreciate that. general tsos chicken was fab.  beef and brococli is also delicious (i am told).  they also have a large vegetarian selection.  although i eat poultry/ seafood, it's always nice to see menus w/ so many vegetarian options.  i always eat at the bar. close to the tv (they'll even play Two and a half men for you !!), and the company (patrons & staff) is always great.  dont just go to Wok for the food and people though.  their drinks are amazing !! try grace's cosmo when you go. you're welcome :)  all goes to say -- YAY! i'm a fanGo in with realistic expectations - this is a cheap Americanized Chinese spot that is awesome for delivery. Huge portions, cheap Chinese and fast delivery. Our go-to for lazy nights where we want some noodles and dumplings for cheap.The shrimp was BBAAAALLLLINNNNN!!!! to the max! and I had that $10 off coupon from  the LivingSocial deal holla atcha boy yeahhhhhhhbuddy! Anyway, I bought the Happy Family dish and it was alright but the shrimp and pork was sweeeet. Pretty nice location, too. :)So I'm Chinese-American and I know and love my Chinese food. If you want "authentic" Chinese food, this isn't entirely it. But if you're needing some decent americanized Chinese food in a pinch, this is a pretty good option near Rittenhouse/Center City. 
I've only been here for lunch so I've pretty much only ordered off of the lunch special menu, but as American/Chinese places go, it's definitely pretty good. And their beef chow fun is pretty close to what you'd get in Chinatown, actually.
Service is quick and friendly and they get you in and out for lunch with no problem. It's a little more than I like to spend for lunch but it's much better than any of those horrid Chinese food trucks in Center City, and so far, much better than any of the other Americanized Chinese restaurants in Center City.Seriously.  This place is directly across from my office and it's TERRIBLE.  I'm eating the General Tso's chicken right now and it's soggy.  I also have an order of the worst steamed pork dumplings I've ever had EVER.  The dumpling dough is so thick - it's thicker than peirogi dough.  Ick.  I'm contemplating opening my window and tossing these bad boys at the restaurant from my office window.  SHAME ON YOU, WOK! 
Do yourself a favor and WOK down Walnut St. to New Heaven on Walnut b/t 12th and 11th.  It's unendingly better.this place is great to eat in or take out. the decor is super cheesy, but i got over that pretty quickly once i ate the food. everything is delicious and not at all greasy. i don't get that weird sick feeling i normally get from indulging in chinese food. if you go there for lunch, they will get you in & full in way under an hour. also there is plenty of seating, so even if you bring a big group you wont have to wait for a table. 
once when i ordered delivery, it was running pretty late, and without me asking they gave me a discount to make up for it. can't beat that!We all have our sterotypes of asian restaurants, but this place changes that. The is as fresh as it comes. Lunch or dinner you won't be dissapointed with what you order.Wok is really good Chinese.  I've never been there but the delivery is as snappy as you could want it.  it always comes hot and fresh.  I like their Sesame Chicken, General Tso's, Chicken Lo Mein, Veggie Dumplings, Hot and Sour Soup, etc.  You really can't go wrong at this place.  All the dishes are very good...This place was decent. the service was good, there was no wait on a Friday night at 9pm. I had Thai basil with tofu, and my friend had green curry. My Thai curry was delicious, salty sweet, spicy with just  a tinge of Thai basil., but at 13 dollars slightly over priced. Her green curry was kind of fatty chicken broth over powered the actual curry sauce. (but I am a vegetarian so maybe that is why I felt that way.)Dependably tasty Chinese delivery.  I like the sesame chicken (which occasionally tastes slightly orange-y) and the beef with broccoli; the chicken fried rice is sometimes incredibly good and sometimes just pretty good.  I think they don't use white meat in all their chicken dishes, but they do in the specialties and it's always good quality.  Delivery averages 20min.  Oh, and their eggrolls are the only ones I've ever had and liked - not just loads of cabbage.
My default Chinese.I love this restaurant whether for delivery or dining in. The food is absolutely superb each and every time and the staff are super friendly and very accomodating. Very clean, and great prices too. I tried basically every dish and it's always consistently delicious.The delivery guy is sooooo rude. I missed just one of his call and he told me not to miss his calls again or he will not deliver here. I will never order from you again because of this delivery guy. I don't need to feel bad when I pay/tip well to eat my meal. :angry: Food is not that good either.This place is awful. I came for lunch with my boyfriend and I'm pretty sure I was served the same meal you can buy frozen in any grocery store. We had dumplings, spicy beef and chicken with cashews and every dish was terrible. The chicken was almost unidentifiable and the vegetables were hardly cooked. Don't eat at this place!Pretty decent. Not much better than standard. Nothing special but def not a lunch risk. Go here for a little bit better than average meal.Pretty good Chinese food... deserves a 3.5 star but I didn't have the urge to give it a four, so I settled with a three.
I had the orange chicken and it was much better than your average take out but nothing memorable.  
It's a convenient location, so I imagine that I'll be back.  Once I do, I'll update my review.The dinner and presentation were excellent; however, this is the first time I have received such a "watered down" glass of wine.  Would go there again for dinner but not order wine ...only if the bottle was opened in front of me!!!!This was the first time I've ever actually ordered takeout other than pizza (in Iowa, unless you work in downtown Des Moines, takeout is usually the norm), and I am glad I did because I just had some of the best chinese non-buffet meals ever!
They will deliver for free if you order a ten dollar minimum, they get it to you fast, and me and my bud ate heartily for less than twenty bucks!  I ordered the shrimp lo mein with rice and my friend ordered the sweet & sour chicken.  It was DE-LIC-OUS!  I couldn't eat it all even!  And the sticky rice was wonderful!  I wish that this restaurant were in Des Moines because I would order from there more often!
The only thing was that the fortune cookies were stale, but it's all good...I still ate it...so if you are looking for a good chinese place downtown and are working and or staying at a hotel, Wok Chinese Restaurant is a WONDERFUL place!  Now I want some sticky rice.....
My compliments, Wok Chinese Restaurant!
NateThe location of this restaurant is convenient and the service was good.  I requested that the Bean Curd (Tofu) Szechuan Style, which is labeled as spicy on the menu, be made even spicier.  But the heat was pretty mild.  The diced carrots were undercooked, which lead to an odd crunchiness to the dish.It's A-Ok and a half. Though I haven't dine in yet, I've only ordered to go. It's open until 11 PM on the weeknights and until midnight on Saturdays. To me that's a plus, especially since I've been working late hours lately. They do deliver as well, so that's also key. Food portions are big enough. The General Tso chicken is good but has a nice kick to it. The chicken lo mein is a little bland, but I like mixing it with the General Tso chicken sauce for a little flavor. Take-out orders, so far, has been ready within 15 minutes of ordering, which is pretty good, right?I have only ordered to go here and it has always come out the way I wanted. I always order there too. No need to call ahead bc they are quick!
Hot n Sour soup- prob the best I've ever had.
Beef ho fun- I love thick rice noodles. I do wish they had the gravy kind, but the stir fry one is great here! I always get some chili oil with it to give it some kick
Pad thai - skip it! There's barely any flavor and there's really no veggies in it. 
I will be back esp bc it's delicious and fast!Obituary review:
If you need hot and sour soup late - at least, before midnight - and you don't mind ponying up a little cash, they'll do.
For some reason we couldn't sit and gorge on our soup there, so we ended up drinking it in the street, sipping and walking, walking and sipping.I wasn't satisfied with the food here.  The vegetable dumplings were decent, but were unable to salvage the meal.  Perhaps they were having an off day when they made my sesame chicken.  I hope so.