If you're feeling adventurous on a weekend afternoon, this place comes up spades.  It's traditional dim sum with no Americanization whatsoever.  It takes a couple tries to figure out what you like, but it's worth it for the experience.  We like the dumplings, chicken feet, and shumai.  The fried dough is interesting, and I love the vinegary dipping sauce with just about anything.  Stay away from the stuffed buns as they tend to be a little dry.Was doing an Asian inspired weekend with my niece. Did Pho and HK waffles with poppy soda Saturday night. Sunday is Dim Sum but at Wokano everyday is Dim Sum. The place was crowded  and there were about 4 carts going around. I like the private tables. In Flushing Queens we always shared the big tables with strangers. I found the pork bun to be the best. The shumai, shrimp toast were just a little too greasy.  Make sure to order the sesame balls early because they run out. The service is friendly and it's reasonably priced.I've been wanting to try this place for a while now. I've been missing real cart dim sum since Golden Phoenix closed years ago, which was my family's go-to place growing up. I finally made time for it on Sunday for dim sum, we arrived around 12:30 and it was still very busy, with fresh items added to the carts throughout our meal. 
The fried scallion dumplings, pork shumai, shrimp shumai, pork buns, and congee were the crowd favorites. The beef rice roll sweet soy sauce was a little too sweet, and the sticky rice in lotus leaf was mushy. Sadly they were out of sesame balls by the end of our meal. 
Service wasn't the fastest, but the carts came around regularly, and we didn't have a problem ordering a few items off the menu since they weren't circulating in a cart. 
Overall, I was very pleasantly surprised by this South Philly spot, and happy to say Wokano is my new go-to for cart dim sum!Love this place. Go there for dim sum on weekends, very crowded but I guess tells you a lot about the food. I got there for dinner at lease 2x month and the good is good, tasty and most importantly, prices are very reasonable. The manager is very friendly as well, keeps the kids entertained with handing out balloons! Lol 
Still one of my favorite places to eat. Dim sum is so good--egg custard and shrimp dumpling is just some of my favorites. Dinner is great. Lobster Cantonese style and their seafood is all fresh!Went in here and wait for over 3 mins and no one come to serve us. We almost turn around and left this place then someone come up and serve. Dimsum is good but dinner time there's no set dinners option  like other place. Regret going here tonight, should've go to Chinatown instead . Disappointment !I've been here for Dim sum and dinner events but take outs is a first.
Not a viable place for take out and especially rude. Food was also subpar... For starters, a family member ordered in English over the phone, along the line he asked if they had a certain "fusion dish". The guy cups the phone and spoke in their native dialect... "We serve authentic chinese food what the hell he think we are?" (We heard and understood every word of that rant) Got our Eta and Total and left a call back number. Seconds later, called us back again to reconfirm our order and I replied in their dialect, "Yes, thats what I ordered." 
When I arrived, I added a last minute order of thick pan fried noodles and the bill went from 22 to 57. Confronted the server about the price and they claimed the first person only charged for small soup and not large size of soup. (Really you couldn't of told me that when you called back?)
A chef from Hong Kong once told me, "you can tell if a place serves good food if you try their most basic dishes" Well "Hot and Sour soup" is a pretty basic dish and it's always the first thing I order (if available) to see if said asian restaurant is any good. Order four large portions for four people and we all had the same reaction and it wasn't a good one. (Spoon full of grease) There was at least 3-4mm of grease floating on top. And we had to scoop it all out to reach and taste the soup. And from what we had from many places this is one serves watery version of the soup instead or thick and gooey. The spring roll (wrap and filling) would not pass in term of taste and astetics come compared to a $1 egg roll you would find from Jade Garden. The thick pan fried noodles were good but bland in terms of ingredients. For authenticity and taste, not very impressed... 
If I was to give them a benefit of the doubt, the "Authentic Chinese Chef and line cooks" are probably on vacation, but still doesn't excuse the rude service. I'll stick with my normal take out places from now on.Worst service attitude in the world of dimsum of philadephia.
I never give 1 stars like I give it here.
1. No one at the front to greet you when you walk in. Yes they are busy tending to their cash registers
2. Dimsum variety I can count on my one hand, literally only 5 dishes that I get is here and the rest I don't know where they are. When asked for an item, they made it and brought it out with an attitude like I was ordering something out of the ordinary. It's dimsum....... It's on the menu.... Why the attitude?
3. At the end when we finished, we needed a box to put our leftovers in. The front desk is where we went to ask for a box since everyone else is busy manning the carts. After paying for the bill, the guy gave nasty attitude saying "there are no boxes here, you think we would put boxes here, they are in the back, where currently I don't have time to get it, I am busy" with that while he was collecting money into the cash register.
I am sorry. This is the absolute worst treatment anyone can have when it comes to dimsum, actually, any restaurant for that matter.
If you want more business, don't scare away new customers with your bad attitude. I am never coming back here.This is a nice place for dimsum and a dinner. I've come here on several occasions and never really had any disappointments. There's never a long wait unlike going to Chinatown or something. It's a must try!Best in Philly....probaly the east coast. They alot of choices, to furfil all ur cravings. My fav are General tso chicken, general tso tofu, jelly fish head, seafood lo mein, softshell crab and many more. i love going hereThis place is a hit or miss on the weekdays. But on the weekends it's not bad when the food is fresh and hot.
The parking is easy, it's roomy. There isn't always a long waiting line. The dimsum is good here. The dinner menu is typical, it's good. If you don't feel like finding parking in chinatown this place is a good alternative.I came from out of town and tried to have dim sum here, the food was decent but if you are planning on eating more than 3 plates, write down what you have ordered because they will try to cheat one or two plates in. We tried to talk to the manager and the manager was a total shthead, he completely pushed everything off of his hand and blamed on us saying "it's restaurant policy that we write down what we order" and walked away, completely irresponsible for his role. We ended up talking to the waitress and we of both counted and they indeed added one extra one on our bill.Since this restaurant has changed owners and names so many times we were hesitant to try, but try we did.  It was a Sunday morning the first time we visited.  We had intended on going to Chinatown for dim sum, but it was so busy  and the parking was horrendous we figured we'd give this place a try.  It wasn't bad !  A little pricier then Chinatown, but the convenience and quality of food made it well worth it.  We've been back a few more times for dim sum, but decided last weekend to try the dinner menu.  DELICIOUS.  I know I gave Thai Lake a great review , but I have to say this place will give Thai Lake a run for their money !  The space is huge, so your not all crammed into one table w/ no elbow room ( a problem when your stuck between my husband and brother ! )  The utensils were clean, and most importantly the bathrooms were clean !  The staff during dim sum was not so great, but for dinner they were attentive and responsive .  I like to toss it up sometime and pretend I don't understand or speak and Chinese on occasions, and normally this is not accepted well at other Chinese restaurants, but this staff rolled with the punches.  Polite, and even shared in a few jokes with my family.  As far as the food.  We ordered a wide variety, but my favorite was the fried whole fish,  their triple delite medley ( stuffed peppers, tofu and eggplant in a black bean sauce ) YUM, and they knocked the sweet and sour pork ribs out of the park.Good dim sum! Really great variety. I think some other comments complain about not knowing most of the types of plates but I think that is what makes dim sum really fun! There are the usual favorites like shumai and shrimp noodles but then so many more to try! I also think they are pretty inexpensive, but I could just be used to DC prices.A solid dim sum spot in South Philly with all of your staples from har gow (shrimp dumplings) and cha siu (pork buns) to chicken feet. 
The space is really large, so it's a great spot to go with a big group. We were able to squeeze 15 people and a child around one of their circular banquet tables. Service was quick but not necessarily friendly (not unusual for dim sum spots), and the food was all fresh and well cooked. 
It was $15 each for tax and tip and I left pretty stuffed. It might be a bit more expensive than some of the other dim sum spots, but if it is it's marginal.Do not eat here unless it's dim sum. The dim sum would get a 4 star rating but the dinner? Awful, in the sense that walnut shrimp had too much mayo and the broccoli was very salty. In fact many of the other dishes we got were very salty and we ordered a lot. To be fair, a couple were meant to be salty, such as the squid and softshell crab. My favorite yi mein came very wet and soggy (though as leftovers and microwaved dry, it was pretty good). The peking duck was good which was the only redeeming dish.Great spot for dim sum in south philly. If you are looking for a quieter place to eat and chat with your family/friends, this is a better option than going to Chinatown because it's less crowded and less noisy. The food is decent, the waitress I had was super nice. Definitely try the pork congee, the best I ever had.I come here only for their dim sum. I must say their dim sum is the best tasting compared to imperial inn and joy tsin lao. 
Upon walking in you are seated quickly served with hot tea. Carts of dim sum arrives at your table as soon as your seated and you pick your choice. I usually get the pork and shrimp shu Mai , chicken feet, shrimp noodle , pork rib tips, and pork buns. I especially like the flavors of the chicken feet and rib tips. Other restaurants I've been to are usually dry and bland. 
Service is ok.We were wandering around on a Sunday morning looking for a place to brunch. The lines were too long for our hungry bellies elsewhere, so we Yelped to find nearby options and discovered this place. 
There were two winners for me: the shrimp shumai and the congee. Man, the congee- cooked to perfection and with so much flavor. 
Everything else was just so-so, daikon cake was overcooked and cold/not too tasty by the time the cart made it to us. 
Prices are reasonable, there's ample seating, and the staff is courteous. Won't be my first choice for future dim sum, but glad I gave it a try.We go here pretty often...we always received very patient and attentive service...everyone is super nice not always overly crowded which is something I like...my parents enjoys a nice chinese style dinner here... every time all the kids are back in town some of our favorites aren't on the menu like the lobster clay pot with clear noodles or the jelly fish salad...we mainly enjoy seafood here .... waiters are always ready to provide us with suggestions...to fill our table top up with delicious choices...yummy
Even better is there is private dining available on the second floor...it's great for a gatherings...Good alternative to have dim sum if I know chinatown is going to be packed. It's also great to be able to go grocery shopping afterwards. 
They also have karaoke rooms that can be usefule if i wanted to have a gathering...Food is super greasy, servers dont smile. I got stomach ache from these overly oily dishes, so watch out!! Price is okayThe waitress look confused and service was horrible. There was only one Dim Sum person pushing the food cart. The selection were limited,  food was O.K. These folks need a customer service course. I would consider takeout then dine here again.Wokano and I, we have a history. It is a very long story involving a big group of unhappy people over food and karaoke. Basically every person we spoke at the place told us different things about their karaoke service. This was when the place first opened and they were terrible in term of service. 
My current experiences with Wokano has been good because I only come for their dimsum, which is one of the best in Philadelphia base on taste, price and parking. Sure, places in Chinatown has more variety (but way too many for brunch), tastes good, but is super pricey and horrible for parking. Therefore I've been a regular at Wokano.Excellent dim sum and an attractive interior makes this my new default, although service ran hot and cold on my first visit.  I will definitely be back.
Wokano is another reason to believe that Philly's Little Asia is leaving Chinatown and heading to South Philly.  It anchors an Asian shopping mall, and a banner outside claims dim sum every day; another Yelper says that's 10-3 with discounts during the week, but I did not confirm that.
Aside from all my favorites and standards, I did see a few new (nameless) things go by.  They seemed to be pushing their dumpling soup, but I didn't try it.  Everything I had was good to excellent. Oh, steamed pork buns, how I love thee!  Theirs were smaller that usual which turns out to be a good thing for  meat-to-bun ratio and mouth accessibility.
The building has been recycled a few times, and there's only so much you can do with standard commercial construction.  That said, the interior has some very nice touches, especially along interior walls and in the bar/cashier area.  Hopefully they'll do something about the dropped ceiling which always subtracts big from decor.
The only drawback was uneven service.  Busy but not full, they seated us immediately.  We were barraged with carts in the first 15 minutes, so much so that we had to say no to just get through what we had.  However carts were scarce after that.  I'm not sure if this was just a matter of timing or a crowd control strategy.
Overall, I'd say this is currently Philly's best dim sum.  I used to like a place a few blocks down on Washington Avenue, the place with the giant fake plastic columns outside, but I've heard it's gone downhill.  We'll see how long Wokano can stay on top.We love going to Wokano.  It's our go-to place for good, authentic Asian food in Philly.   The dim sum is fresh, delicious, and the portions are better than other places. The service is also fast.  We never have to wait long for a cart to come by and we can order from dim sum menu if they don't have what we're looking for.  The noodle dishes are really great - they do the flat noodles and the crispy noodles really well.  We've gone for dinner many times and the buy one get one free lobster special is a good deal (for lobster) and tastes sooo good!  We get the seafood clay pot too, and that's delicious.  The staff is friendly too and very accommadating to families.  It's BYO too.The sweet and sour pork is so good here that I bought a pregnancy test because I was craving it 2-3x per week. This place is a few blocks from home, so I stopped in without reading any review.  The scallops with black bean sauce, steamed shrimp dumplings, and fried dumplings (pork, I think) are other dishes I've tried that are all delicious.  Staff is friendly too.  I may be ordering from yelper Juli M.'s "Not to miss" list next time.I was NOT a fan! I went here recently on a weekday, and I was totally psyched about the idea of chinese. Additionally, living not far away seemed awesome.  However, when I got there, and I ate the food, I was saddend by how yucky my experience was.  I ordered Mapo Tofu - which was listed under the vegetable section - leading me to believe it had no meat in it.  The dish arrived served with beef.  When they remade it for me, it tasted simply like salt.  Yes, that's right, salt. It was MAJORLY oversalted. 
My friend seemed happy with her wonton soup and general tso's chicken - which is great, but not something I can eat.  The company was great, the ambiance was okay, and the food experience was not a hit.  Sad.  Maybe I'll go back and like it.  Or I'll go back and only feel like I'll never go again.My friends and I go here pretty often, usually a group of 10 and up. The thing I like about this place is its time. It's open until midnight and has its own parking lot which is very convenient for my friends and I.
Usually after a day out, often look for a late night dinner place, we like going to Chinatown but parking can be a hassle at a certain time, so wokano has an upper hand being that it has its own parking and open late.
Food wise, it's usually pretty good, except that one time when there was a moving worm in my veggie dish. The price is very decent for its portion, it's Chinese food, not much I can I say. My group usually like ordering salted pepper squid, pork chop peaking style, snow peas, mayonnaise shrimp and fried tofu/fried chicken. Usually the orders come out pretty quickly which is a good thing when you come hungry.
Service wise, it usually depends on who you get. The manager is kind and very accommodating and usually most of the servers as well but there's a couple that can get on your nerve. 
There's especially this one old guy then its that time when you want to hit him with a plate. He always wear a face as if he's mad and he thinks he knows everything. We wanted to get an extra bowl of rice along with the 10 bowl we already ordered and instead of listening to us he just said "i know, i know" and he came out with 6 extra bowl!
My friend had a wedding there as well and this guy just kept going against everything we wanted. He wanted to put a red table cloth for a PURPLE wedding theme, when we told him to change it back to white he complained because he didn't want to change it back. I don't think he ever heard of the saying customer is always right. 
Service wise it really needs a lot of improvement! The servers need to learn how to listen to the customers instead of always saying "I know, I know."Food is mmm just okay,. But as for service... Depend upon the ppl u talk with. Some are nice. Others are horrible. I meant HORRIBLE!!! So coming here is like a gamble.
At least parking is better than Chinatown.Always seems very empty at dinner time, but from what I read, this is more of a dim sum place. We always end up going there because they're open super late at night, and when I don't feel like parking in Chinatown but do feel like chinese food, it fits the bill. The service is always super slow, though.Literally the worst service I have ever experienced in my life.  My family and I came in that evening no greeted us. There were a lot of open tables, but we weren't seated until 30 mins after. When we sat down the table was so dirty, and no one bought us any water or tea. We sat there for about 20 minutes and I had to get up and asked for water. A waiter came and when I asked for duck, he told me that they were out but he spoke in a very hostile manner. Since they did not have what I asked for, I asked for something else and in the middle of telling him what I wanted HE WALKED AWAY. Rude. After at least another 20 minutes (we have been there for an hour) he came back, and took our orders. 
We waited for almost 2 hours before our food came. Our food came out cold? Like did they not cook it??? 
I paid $200 for terrible service and awful food. I'm never coming back.Good dim sum. May have the best fried calamari in the city.Wokano: Dimsum everyday 10am-3pm
Originally, my friend and I were going to have pho for lunch but decided that we had a sudden craving for dimsum and wokano was just right there in front of us.
We entered the restaurant at about 2:15 and were immediately seated.. for such a big restaurant there were only about 4 tables of people and only 1 cart in sight. Because dimsum ends at 3pm, we were given a menu to pick which dishes we wanted which was new to me because I'm used to getting it from the cart. 
To start we had egg tarts, it was my first time ever having them and surprisingly I liked it. We ordered tripe, pork shumai, shrimp shumai, short ribs, pork buns and crystal shrimp dumplings. Later we requested for shrimp cheong fun. Gradually they came out from the kitchen one by one.
Our bill total was $24.85, which in my opinion was not bad considering that we had 8 dishes in all. And although the dimsum menu IS limited and cost a little more than chinatown, the portions were a lot bigger and not as salty! I would come back.Dim sum use to be way better at this place. I took my mom there last week and the quality of food definitely went downhill since the last time I've been there. We had to wait so long for out food to arrive. We also ordered food to go in the middle of our meal, and our to-go food arrived packed and ready to go before our actual food to eat in the restaurant came out. Smh. So disappointed :(. Service was so so slow and servers looked confused. Not a well run restaurant. Thumbs down!!I love dim sum at Wokano. They have consistently been nailing it every weekend for me. I love their congee, which sometimes saves my hungover soul on a Sunday morning after the Saturday night before. They have carts and friendly staff and the good stuff just keeps rolling by. Don't worry if you don't know the names - point and order away! I have given some of the names below, just in case. 
Not to miss: 
Har gau (translucent shrimp dumpling) - these are see-through and contain a whole shrimp. They are very delicate at Wokano and these are difficult to make - a real testament to the skills back in the kitchen. 
Cheung Fung (rice noodle rolls) - the long white noodle burritos stuffed with shrimp or beef. Both are great. 
The siu mai (pork) are tasty (these are the basket-shaped dumplings). 
Wu gock (or taro dumplings) - like a delicious deep-fried mashed potato. 
Fried squid or fried little fish - excellent. 
Fish balls are delicious. I have not tried the beef balls. 
Lo Mai Gai (sticky rice and meats wrapped in a lotus leaf) - has a special little surprise sausage in each neatly wrapped package. 
Char siu (those white puffy "bread" (actually rice flour) balls stuffed with BBQ pork) - I am not a huge fan, but Wokano's are light and not gummy and the meat is delicious. 
I love the Mala go - the steamed yellow cake and they also make nice egg tarts. 
I have tried a lot of dim sum items here and have always had good food, which is not greasy. Everyone who works at Wokano is really friendly and helpful - sometimes they try to push some items, though. If you don't want something, they are never offended. 
I love dim sum here and highly recommend it.  
I am sure someone else can give a more exhaustive and accurate list - my advice is to try whatever looks good to you!Wokano is a decent dim sum restaurant on 11th street in South Philly. The parking lot here can get really crowded but there is decent street parking. The place itself is a decent size with windows all around which make it brighter and a better setting than most other dim sum places in Philly. 
Dim sum is pretty much the Chinese version of brunch where servers will come around with different carts of food ranging from pastries to congee to steamed shumai. The menu is usually similar from restaurant to restaurant with a few being specific to that restaurant, Wokano does not have this and has one of the smaller selections that I have been to. The food itself is okay, edible but there's nothing special I can say about it. They also do offer a variety of teas to choose from.
What makes Wokano appealing is that it is not in a busy area and convenient to get to. It is one of the few Dim Sum restaurants in the city but not in Chinatown which is can get really crowded on the weekends and tough to park at if you're driving. Wokano, although not the best dim sum in terms of taste is easier to get to by car or the subway which lets you off 2 blocks away. The place is good enough if you want a peaceful meal and avoid the crowds on a weekend.Mannnn my family and I stop by for dim sum
OMG it lot of foods the price is ok, free hot tea all we drink just pay and put some tip that.  This Chinese food all my family happy with the price and the services. Good!!!!I have been here many times. The service in the later day around 3, is not as good as it is in the early morning around 11. My most recent experience was great. The food was delicious, the service was fast and the price was good.Went there the other night and was greeted with a tanks of lobster,shrimp etc !
I was immediately taken  to a wonderful table.
I noticed it was clean inside with a nice smell of food in the air.
I had the dip sum ?   and it was a+ authentic Chinese food. very good. Ate til I was on the verge of exploding.
All I can say is what a great stop and I will be back.I don't understand why this place always take forever to have these carts rolling around the restaurant. They are always out of the food and need to make the new ones. Every time I'm there for dim sum, my table is either empty or with some empty plates. I'm always waiting for the food to arrive. I like their chicken feet, very well seasoned. I order two orders every time I'm in. However their shrimp dumplings and shrimp shumai tastes some kind of funny. I think probably the shrimps have gone bad or something.I've been eating dim sum all of my Chinese life, and Wokano is the best dim sum place in Philly right now. The service is fast and friendly, and the food is delicious. The dim sum is fresher than the overrated Ocean Harbor in Chinatown, and there's never an insane wait for a table, since they have a huge dining room.
My family and I have been going to Wokano for several years now for dim sum and dinner. The dinner menu is also fantastic. We are always greeted with warm familiarity by the owner, who takes good care of us during our meals.
Most days the restaurant isn't very full, but it seems the secret is getting out. I was there today for dim sum and the crowds kept rolling in.Love this place. Go there for dim sum on weekends, very crowded but I guess tells you a lot about the food. I got there for dinner at lease 2x month and the good is good, tasty and most importantly, prices are very reasonable. The manager is very friendly as well, keeps the kids entertained with handing out balloons! LolThey did not accept the coupon I  paid for on restaurant.com.  I walked out because I feel restaurants should stand by their promotions.The receipt calls the place 'Wokano Ducky', and as the name suggests... I donno. :-)
It's a pretty basic Chinese food place, however with some 'live' selections, so those dishes must be pretty fresh at least.  I ordered the Jelly Fish and Seafood Soup, which both were pretty decent.  My group was the last one in the place and they didn't 'push' us out the door like some places.
All in all, it's okay.  Price is fair and the service is decent.  Give them a try!We ate here on a whim.  Decor is uninspiring and service was fair even though it was not crowded like Chinatown.  However, the food was surprisingly fresh and well prepared.  We got the lobster because it was in the tank upfront and sure enough it was expertly cooled and fresh.  The jellyfish was excellent.  The beef with bitter melon was tender and really yummy bitter.  The crispy bean curd was cooked perfectly.  We had to get up to ask for the check.  If they worked on the service, their cooking could spell success for them.Service: 4stars Their service is actually better than most Chinese establishments. Upon walking in, I was kindly seated even though I was waiting on two guests. The server brought over green tea and water while I waited. All the push cart ladies that came by, were friendly even though I wasn't getting any food while waiting. I guess I don't know if this service is super amazing superior... or just that Chinese restaurants generally have rude service ..  nevertheless
Food: 3 stars at most
I enjoyed the crystal shrimp dumpling, shrimp fun, and shrimp shumai. They were good, pretty standard nothing amazing though. 
The turnip cake was cold upon serving. It had the thick soy sauce, but no garlic. Again.. it was cold . The best thing about the turnip cake is the crispy outside, hot mushy starchy inside. LE-SAD.  The pork was underseasoned, fatty and unremarkable
Convenience:  if you're craving Dim Sum on a Sunday.. I'd just go here. Unless you want to trolley to Chinatown. AKA, if you're DRIVING.. come here. Much more parking ( I suggest side streets, not that crazy clusterparking lot). Chinatown on a Sunday is straight scary. And I wouldn't say this place is better nor worse than Ocean harbor.This place and everything about it is A-OK. The dim sum is good, but falls short compared to Joy Tsin Lau, Ocean Harbor, etc. Prices are fine. The parking situation in theory is good and is one of the few reasons I venture here, but it consistently takes me 10-20 minutes to find a spot during dim sum hours (10-1 PM on Sat/Sun) in their seemingly spacious parking lot! With such a long wait, I might as well be in Chinatown!For me, it's hard to find a restaurant that lives up to the childhood memories of having delicious dim sum every darn weekend with my family.  Now that I'm away from home and in a foreign city, I miss that comforting tradition -- thankfully, similarly minded friends and I have adapted a bi-weekly Sunday dim-sum morning get-together.  Yay!
You'd think that Chinatown obviously fits the bill for our needs, but honestly Wokano is my favourite dim sum haunt so far -- the food is fresh and delicious, the ladies wheeling around the carts are friendly and explain a lot of the unfamiliar dishes to our confused faces, and the restaurant is really clean.  Plus, even though the parking lot is hell to maneuver in, I'd rather park here than in Chinatown on a weekend.
The only downside is that the sesame dessert balls go fast -- by the time one o'clock rolled around, the waiters had to shrug their shoulders at us.  Blast!Inconsistent. 
Wokano leaves me more confused than those girls in UGG boots, mini skirt , long sleeve hoodie  and over-sized sun glases - are they hot or cold ?  Is Wokano god-aweful , half-way good, or fucking amazing ? 
Dim Sum is the most puzzling.  When I go to Dim-sum in the middle of the week (when it's much cheaper) I suspect that I am being served left overs from the weekend. There is a stale tastelessness to my food that correlates with the reduction is price.  Yet, when I go on a busy Saturday morning, the dim-sum is fresh and delicious.
I've had service here that was quite pleasant. I've also had service where I've had half a mind to throw hot oil in a server's face. You have to flag  down servers as if you're hailing a taxi on Broadway and  cups are rarely refilled. 
But they stay open when Philadelphia is very much asleep. And when you order from the menu you generally get very good food, but dim-sum is a game of roulette. I think Wakano is a 2.5 . As I think most of China is a pile of junk, Wakano is a relief for us South Philadelphians who don't want to bother with walking  two miles for sit-down Chinese.Well , well , well . I've decided to go for some dim sum again today because the last time we went it wasn't good at all . Wokano was pretty decent for the many times I've been here but I don't know what happened today.  Got here around 10am there was nobody here and we got seated right away . So as I was sitting I looked at my plate and it was dirty. I asked the lady that was pushing the cart towards me if I can have a new plate and she gave me the dirtiest look ever . Bad service much ? It wasn't my fault someone couldn't clean the dish right . So me being very polite just sat patiently and let her served me . Thank God there were two other ones that came and served us and that was more happy to served us. I would of left without leaving a tip . The dim sum wasn't fresh and good as it used to be . It was very cold and wasn't warm . So I ate a little because I don't like to waste money and wrapped the rest to go . After today service and food I was very disappointed and I don't think I'll be returning .CHINESE FOOD AFICIONADOS ALERT: Wokano is woeful in its ambiance, service and food. 
Not only is there no atmosphere in the huge room that harbors tables and chairs, there was little heat on the evening of Feb. 6, 2015, when my girlfriend and I sat to order a large bowl of Wonton Soup, Shumai, and the house special of rice, ham and chicken. Because heat wasn't present, the soup and tea  cooled off quickly. 
Furthermore, four Asian kids between the ages of six and eight were running wild around their own table, removed from the adults, throughout the entire meal. Bad for digestion. 
The service was slow and hindered by the fact the the waiter didn't have a good grasp of English. Anticipating this, I showed him the menu and pointed to the dishes I wanted. Thirty minutes after we ordered and drank the cold soup and tea, and ate the less than tasty shumai, I asked him where the house special was.
He said: "You want it?"
I shook my head in disbelief and said: "YES!" When the dish arrived, the food was tasteless.
Never again.
Bill IezziI've been here before, prior to my Yelp days, and now I remember why I don't  come here often. Our party of 5 came here for dim sum on Sunday. This is prime time for dim sum. This is where you bring your "A" game Wokano. Instead, your best efforts only got 2 stars overall. The food is 3 stars. A few dim sum staples are here, hot and in abundance. But damnit, I need more than just ha gow (shrimp dumpling) and the congee cart circling our table for an hour. Where's the rest of the food? 
The service is subpar. The staff here is pleasant but maybe just under staffed and overworked. It took them over 10mins to greet us and seat us. There were more than enough empty tables. After grabbing dim from the first 3 carts, we sat there for 30 mins wondering "is this it? Is there anything else?".
I Wish: 
-more variety
-more staff
Tip: There are 2 entrances. The hostess only greets you at the entrance closer to the parking lot.
I left Wokano hungry and disappointed, again. There's potential for Wokano to capture the dim sum market in South Philly but they'll need to improve to steal some of the Pho & Vietnamese food market share.We had a wonderful experience yesterday! It was BYOB so we popped into the PA state store around the corner. Nice people there too! 
Back to the review, it was a fun, quirky wonderful afternoon. We were late but they still honored our dim sum choices. All was very good but what really made the experience was the lovely couple and 99 year old mother/mother in law who arrived soon after we did. The wife/daughter in law offered us yummy sweets and it turned out they were there for their mother's 99th birthday and we later discovered 70 people family members/friends would also be attending. So we had our food and chatted a bit with the couple and met their kids, grandchildren great great great grand children... ! 
Everything we ordered was very tasty but I'd go back just to meet the customers - they're so nice!!!!This review is based only on dim sum, since I've never came here for anything else. This is better than Ocean Harbor or Imperial Palace in Philly Chinatown. Also easier to find parking since it's in a plaza on Washington Ave. They are more Hong-Kong style, which I like. Their dim sum is always served hot and the quality is pretty good (shumai, shrimp balls, shrimp/beef wrapped in rice noodle, beef tripe w/ white carrot, turnip cake, etc.) The one negative comment that I have is that the tripe was a bit bland. I asked them to make the turnip cake crispier and they did that for me, which is nice. I order in Chinese, but the lady understood everything my friends were asking for in English. It's obviously not the best dim sum place I've ever been to, but you can't compare to NYC or LA. This is the best in Philly.Sunday is for dim sum, or at Wokano, every day is for dim sum.  
This place provides decent dim sum to satisfy a taste for dim sum and more parking options than you'd get in Chinatown, but options were limited for someone with a fish allergy, especially because their pork shu mai has shrimp in it.  Fortunately you can always order from their menu, so my fish allergy and I didn't starve this morning.  The dim sum options seems to be limited compared to some places I've been in Chinatown, but what was available was yummy, including my first taste of chicken feet.
Since any place South of Washington is walking distance for me, I would definitely visit this place again when I'm overpowered by a craving for dim sum!I've been coming here for years.  If it weren't for the awful experience I had for my own wedding recently, I would have given it more stars.  Dim sum and dinner are usually solid. I think they're in over their heads when they say they can handle and manage a wedding.  Almost everything we asked for, mind you explicit instructions were typed out, plans reviewed with the owner,....almost none were done.  When we arrived at the reception from the ceremony, our friends and family had to set up the majority of it. If it weren't for awesome friends and family, it would have been a disaster.  I understand if a restaurant is unable to do it, we should hire someone specially, but, then don't make promises you can't keep and play dumb the day of.  
If you plan to eat dim sum or have a causal dinner there, they are great for that.  Anything more complicated than that, they are just not capable of doing.My favorite dim sum spot! Place is never over crowded and is very clean. tables are spaced out nicely to give u and your guests more privacy. 
Food is spectacular. I love every single dumpling I've ever tried here. Service could be better more attentive but it's the same at every dim sum place I've ever been too. They never ask if you need anything you have to wave them down like a bus. They could make more money in tips and sales if they were more attentive. It's a shame they don't know that. it must be a cultural thing to leave the table alone and they call them if they need something. Cause the other people eating never seem to mind and they are mostly Asians so maybe it's just something lost in translation. 
Over all my favorite dim sum place. Most yummy food. Always fresh and piping hot.Came back here with my family for dimsum. We had 8 people and they sat us near their kitchen. The table surface was so flimsy and it was unbalanced. We tried to fix it before requesting for another table. They gave us an attitude and sat us at the table next to it. Food was only average and it took forever to get their attentions. Mom wanted to order something but the waiters never come around. At one point they were standing at one corner chatting.It's the on the corner of 11th and Washington Ave. I'd say this is the best dimsum in south philly. There's no line compared to chinatown but the quality is still good. NO LINE, I repeat, NO LINE. so yeah that's all I needed to know. 
The reason I'd give it a 4 is because service is kind of slow. They have all the dishes that the places in chinatown have but it's definitely easier to find parking here. 
I'd def come back to this place!
They take card too ( might be a min like 15 or something)Had dim sum here on a Tuesday. Place was quiet, not crowded, and relatively clean. Waiters and servers were friendly but not overbearing. We ordered the following items:
Pork Shu Mai - Freshly steamed, authentic and delicious.
Steamed Pork Ribs - Decent, with tender meat that fell off the bone. Went for seconds.
Shrimp Rice Noodle - Went great with the sweet soy sauce they put on top.
Shrimp Dumplings - Fresh and tasty.
Sticky Fried Rice - Not the best I've had. Did not finish.
Prices here are incredibly reasonable on weekdays, though the servers mentioned that the price goes up when it gets more crowded on Saturdays and Sundays. Even then, at $2-4 a pop for a dim sum plate, things can't get too expensive. My girlfriend and I spent about $25 total for a heaping of dim sum that left us nearly too full to function.
As an LA transplant, I grew up surrounded by delicious Chinese and Asian food - so I've always been on the search for good Asian food out here in Philly. Sadly, my search hasn't always proven fruitful - but this time, I was pretty impressed. In my humble opinion, this is one of the better dim sum places that I've been to in Philadelphia. I'll be back here soon.Great food and all the dim sum favorites served every day of the week!! Chicken feet, pork and seafood shumai and bean curd are the standouts here. Very pleasant going during the week. Saturdays and Sundays are much busier typically. Convenient if you are in South Philly and don't wanna make the travel to China town.Not the best place to go for dim sum, not even the 3rd or 4th best mind you.  I went here since I had a craving while I was shopping for some Vietnamese food.  It was in the same plaza.  The food were not very flavorful.  The wrappings were dried out. I was very disappointed.  I hate going to a restaurant to satisfy a craving and failed miserably.  As for the service, I will not go into that b/c well I never expect much from a Chinese restaurant anyway.Went there for an early dinner - had a hot pot and some fried rice.  Staff was attentive, food was very good, and the dining experience was pleasant.  Prices were moderate; it's not super cheap eats, but you get a tablecloth and and actual dinnerware, so it works out.
I would definitely stop back; looking forward to trying the everyday dim sum.I was disappointed. The food was just OK. Not much variety. It seemed like they only had 3 carts. They were out of sesame balls and I arrived at 11am. I chose this restaurant because of the free parking. Hmmmm. I don't know if the convenience of the parking lot is worth another trip.Yo!!!! This was my favorite place until the service got even way worst than usual and my shrimp balls coming out cold af....when I told the waiter it was cold..he went to the waitress that served us and they exchanged a few words. He comes back to me saying no!! They're fresh...I said of course it should have been but they're cold and I want another order that's done. He tried to make it seem like I was going pay for that cold dish But that's definitely not gonna happen. After hearing them arguing in front of customers, I just said ...NEVERMIND. I don't want It. LAST TIME I'M EVER GOING THERE. #WOKANOI really like it here, and when we bring friends, they do too.  The staff is always very friendly, they always ask if I need a fork (I'm white), I always say no thank you.  My fiance knows a bit more about dim sum than I do, and she says that Ocean Harbor has more options, but I didn't notice much of a difference, and Wokano has everything I like.
They do have a sizeable parking lot, but it's often full of bad drivers on Sundays, so I'm glad we can walk here.I'm almost 99.9% sure there is no authentic dim sum restaurant in Philly that has good service. That being said, the food here is superb and I never leave without a full stomach. I've been here countless amount of times since I was young and the food has been consistently great. My favorite dim sum dishes are the seafood shumai, bean curd, and shrimp rolls! Never disappoints. Tip: just stare down a waiter and they'll come right to you. It's awkward, but it gets the job doneMediocre at best. I was hoping for some more authentic asian food while in Philly, and the bf was craving dim sum like no other. We went the wrong way to go to Chinatown and ended up here, and we had no time to backtrack so we just decided on this place since there was in fact a big sign that said" DIM SUM-EVERY DAY".
Meh is all I can say to describe this place. It was spacious and all but the food was not spectacular in the least. All the usual items I order were just ..ok. And super greasy. It wasn't even satisfying after a night out at various dive bars.
I'm sure Philly has way better options than this.Bad. Service was slow, bathrooms were gross, food was pretty unappetizing. Only good things were the pineapple bun and veggie dumplings. Pass on everything else.It was good, I'm not sure how to describe it, but we had a good meal all around and I really enjoyed the short rib dish. Soups were great too. Wasn't crowded at all and we had a nice quiet dinner.I had Dim Sum here on Sunday. It was OK. Normally, I just review restaurants that I really LOVE or really HATE. This one is just OK.
We normally go to Saigon Maxim for Dim Sum. I like their Dim Sum better (so perhaps I will write a review about them, too).
Wokano was fine. They had most of the standard fare. My complaint was that almost everything seemed cold. I don't expect that my dim sum is going to be "lava hot" but, here, one thing was "lava hot," and everything else was unappetizingly cold. It may have been that it got cold sitting on the table, but I'm not a notoriously slow eater.
My husband enjoyed their beef balls (again, I thought they were cold, and while I can handle that for dumplings, balls of cold beef are not my thing, har-har-har). 
I enjoyed the giant crab ball. I think it was mostly shrimp, but it was a grapefruit-sized ball of breaded, fried, crabby, shrimpy yumness.
The service was OK, and they actually came around to refill waters, which, for Washington Ave. service makes them pretty much 5-Star. 
Finally, the prices seemed higher than Saigon Maxim. While we go there and can barely make the $20 min for a credit card purchase even after stuffing ourselves stupid, here the total was $29, and we didn't really put on our best showing. I bet it was the giant crab ball. That was one thing that was definitely worth it, though. :)HORRIBLE MANAGER. I repeat. HORRIBLE MANAGER.  His name is Tom and he is a rude, and horrible man. He told the wedding decorator and the band to shut up, it is his business and he do what he wants when the band told him to arrange a space for bride and groom to do their first dance. He even told the decorating staffs he'll give her money to shut up and stop speaking when she tried to explain to him that he needs to move the tables back for dancing space.If you wish to dine in a quiet, peaceful environment with prompt service, then Wokano is not the place for you. I would just suck it up and take that trip on down to Chinatown.
I've been to Wokano twice. On the first night, it was late and I was dying for Chinese food. I knew my usual spots in Chinatown were a no-go because they were closed. I drove down Washington Ave and noticed that there was a restaurant with their lights on. Cool. I spun the block to pull into the lot and was relieved to see free, nearly endless parking. My friend and I entered and found it to be pretty noisy, with a large party seated at one of the large round table. There were also small children running around. You just have to walk in and sit there and wait to even get noticed. A waiter quickly gestured us over to sit, luckily away from the large noisy party. However, the small children were still running around near us. I had to avoid a child running into me when I walked over to my table.
Ignoring the misbehaving kids, I looked at the menu and was very happy to see that the menu had some of my favorites that I get in Chinatown. I absolutely LOVE salted squid. I ordered that and a wonton soup appetizer. My friend ordered the General Tso's chicken. The meal was great; the portion sizes were large and filling. The only down side for the food, which was insignificant, is that the squid should've been drained and blotted. Some pieces were soggy.
I also wasn't too pleased with the noisy guests and rambunctious children. I let it slide because I figured it was a one-time thing. Some restaurants usually have their troubles with rowdy guests from time to time and figured Wokano was no exception.
I decided to go again last night, earlier into the night this time, and the place was STILL noisy. This time, the group was larger and had more small children running a muck. Also, service was even slower. Our waiter was very nice, but his service was very aloof. I order the salted squid and suggested it be fried a little harder to prevent that sogginess. My food arrived and I eyed it down because it looked like my portions were smaller. I figured that the crispier pieces gave the illusion of smaller portions. Yeah, that doesn't make sense. I finished all of the pieces, which I never do.  I was still hungry which means the portion size was indeed smaller this time. When we were ready for the bill, my friend had to GET UP and walk over to the waiter, who was sitting down, to tell him to give us the check. The waiter promptly brought it; we paid and left.
I've only been here twice and each time I've dined here, there were always rowdy guests. The children are literally running right past you as you're eating. I even saw a grown woman, a guest, walking around while eating from her plate like she was at home. She was also encouraging the kids to run around. As a customer dining-in, I would enjoy a quiet dining experience, where I don't have step over other people's crumb snatchers. I hear people complain about parents bringing their infants and toddlers to restaurants because they cry a lot. I don't mind that, but seeing 5, 6, and 7-year-olds literally running in a restaurant is very annoying. I will not be returning to Wokano.
As we were leaving out, I think I saw two men smoking in the foyer, where the restaurant keeps their live seafood. I breathed in that gross cigarette smoke as I was leaving out.I have experienced  better Chinese food. I came here with my boyfriend, parents, sisters and their boyfriends to have dinner before I go back to California. This was in August when I ate here. Anyway, I think we ordered the duck tongue, jelly fish, fried rice, two lobsters with garlic sauce, shrimp mayonaise, claims with minced pork, and some other stuff that wasn't so memorable. The jelly fish was VERY dry, it did not have any jelly fish consistency. I've had better. The shrimp mayonaise was probably the best dish but how can anyone  mess up this dish? The claims with minced pork was also an average dish. The lobster was OKAY, I wish it was more flavorful. The fried rice came last and by the time it came, we were done with the place. I also didn't try the duck tongue so I can't tell you how it went. The food overall was okay but it could be better. There are other chinese places to go to so don't come here unless you have to. The only good thing about this place is that it's opened late and that it's in South Philly so parking isn't such a problem. 
In terms of the service, it was horrendous. We came in and waited awhile before they sat us. They only had one other table so it wasn't busy at all. Once we sat, it took them a while to take our order and when I stopped them to ask for water, they just said "wait" and then walked away. Okay great so we waited and then no one came unti 15 minutes later. When someone finally came, we just gave them a piece of paper that had all of our orders so there could be no way they would mess up the orders. Our orders took FOREVER to come out including the appetizers. The dishes came out ONE at a time and it was probably 10 to 20 minutes per dish! We were in there for the longest time! Probably 2 hours! Was there only one chef in the entire restaurant? So when we paid and left a tip, they just walked by the table, grabbed the tip and didn't even acknowledge us. I should have snatched that tip out of their hands! Anyway, I think I won't be coming back here base on the service.Best dim sum I had in Philly (not as good as some of the places in NY though). 
We go there often and enjoy the Dim Sum and the regular menu. 
The pork Shumai is great as are the other steamed dumplings. If you feel adventurous the chicken feet are nice also. 
Service is as good as it is going to be in a dim sum place. They are definitely nicer than imperial inn and. Some servers try, some not so much.
They have Dim Sum every day from 10-3 - discounted during the week, full price on weekends.
The regular menu is also good - we love the Peking duck, fluffy crapes and crispy skin. Very good hot and sour soup.Subpar dimsum for major metropolis. Skins on dumplings are too thick, gooey and too chewy. Turnip cake was not fried at the table so it was not hot consequently not fluffy and light. Need to up theirs kitchen skillsmaybe i went on the wrong day?
the food was not bad
but it was NOT GOOD
i had a disgusting heavy feeling at the pit of my stomach all day
i'm going back to chinatown for my dim sum.We didn't want to trek across town to Lee How Fook, which is always my first choice for Chinese, so we tried Wokano for the first time.
It's huge inside for the full dining experience. It's a BYOB which is a plus and the food is good. Not great.
We had Chicken and Broccoli, Beef and Broccoli, Won-ton Soup and Pork Lo Mein.
My Beef and Broccoli was fine, just ok really. The won-ton was fantastic and the pork in the Lo Mein was awesome, but the noodles were a little hard.
They have live tanks in the entry way which can be a little off putting, but you know your food is fresh.
Parking is easy as pie as well.
THE KICKER!!!
They have BYOB Karaoke upstairs, which means....we'll be back.Being from San Francisco and Los Angeles, where my dim sum standards were set WAY up there, I have yet to find a good dim sum place in Philly that comes even close to the dim sum I like in CA. So if anyone has any suggestions, please let me know.
My Philly-native side of the family likes to come here because they think it's some of the best dim sum they can find in South Philly.  I, however, don't like coming here.  Granted, I can get better dim sum when I go home to San Francisco, but they can't.  To me, the dim sum here is... a downer.  Not enough selection; quality is only passable.  It only fulfills your craving for dim sum, but I can never leave the place thinking, "What a good meal."  Don't get me wrong, I love dim sum just as much as the next person, but the dim sum here just isn't cutting it.
Bottom line:  I'm not really a fan. When I eat here, I stick with the 'ja lerng', rice noodle rolls, calamari, and soy sauce king chow mein (literal Chinese translation).I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars.
I've been here a couple of times and i really like it because its the only dim sum place within walking distance of my house. It's my ultimate hangover cure. Just bring around the cart with the pastries and fried food on it and give me one of everything!
The food is okay. Not the best or worst Chinese food i've ever eaten. Sometimes there are language issues with the staff, but i didnt come for the service or for a conversation, i came for cheap, filling food! On that point, WoKano never fails me. 
I've recently been to chinatown for dim sum and i have to admit, the food was a little cheaper and a little tastier. But it was cramped, crowded, and i had to pay for parking. WoKano is spacious, local, and the parking is free. I recommend it if you are in the neighborhood. 
p.s. Dim Sum is served every day until 3PM.