Worst restaurant ever. My boyfriend and I were impressed initially by the menu. Then the food arrived and it was absolutely revolting. Please see my picture of the "keylime" pie. It was rancid and I nearly dropped dead from the smell. The rest of the food was undercooked, greasy, no flavor and you could tell that no effort had been put into creating this meal. Save your money!The pizza is just ehh... I should have just ordered from stogies..The girl on the phone was short and rude on the phone. The buffalo shrimp had little to no buffalo sauce on them and they were made of mostly breading. This place should cut the menu down and focus on perfecting each menu item. Quality over quantity. Possibly hire someone with personality to answer the phones.One of the more decent pizza shops in South Philly.  I've been numerous times.Probably the worst pizza I have ever eaten was from here. I'm not even sure how they have been in business for so long. The pizza I ordered somehow has a water spot the size of a fist. I'm not even sure how that is possible if you put the pizza into the oven. They must have rushed the order and not even bakes the pizza for the correct amount of time. I'm not sure as I had the pizza delivered but the sauce was so watery that we were unable to eat it and threw it out. I don't not recommend this place at all.Will not disappoint. I have been ordering from these guys for the past 8 months now, and have been amazed every time. Their homemade rolls are amazing! Cheesesteaks and hoagies. They also have really good pasta dinners.Excellent customer service. Cheesesteak was great. Driver was very friendly as was the staff when I called in. I had an issue with the delivery because my hotel has a bad address and I gave them the wrong phone number by accident. When I called in asking about the delivery they kindly explained they attempted to make the delivery and couldn't reach me. They came back out very quickly without any complaints. Very professional and courteous. I'm from Georgia so I have not tried all the local cheesesteaks, but this had a great flavor and wasn't too greasy. Highly recommended.Absolute worse place I've ever eaten. My turkey burger was bland and straight out the deep freezer, my fries were the same. I fed it to my dog. But before that i called them to get something else or my refund. The manager said it was my fault I ordered my burger well done and I should've asked for seasoning on my fries. WTF? I didn't know well done equated to dry and disgusting. They run their business very poorly and I will never eat here again.I have to say "I've always enjoyed their foods." Never had a compliant. They cook your food just the way you order it. My favorite is the cheese steak grinder with provolone cheese and fried onions. Their cheese fries are also really good. The pizza is ok. The buffalo wings are really good too. Its a great fast food italian take-out. Makes me happy in my tummy.Friendly hometown pizza shop, good food, great prices....I visit at least once a week!Ordered from Wolf Street Pizza without checking the reviews and when it was on it's way I was shocked to see that it had such poor reviews on yelp when it was considered top rated on grubhub (maybe grubhub has users that are easier to please?)  My expectations were lowered immensely and I prepared to be waiting for my food for a long time, I almost warmed the oven to have it ready for late cold pizza delivery. However, the pizza arrived in less than 30 minutes. Let's start with the Crust. The crust is your standard mass produced pizza crust. You know the kind, it is semi soft, rarely crunchy and has a lattice imprint on the underside of the crust.  The sauce, well, if there is one thing I cannot say about the sauce, is that it's bland. This sauce is exploding with flavor. Think of a delicate sanmarzano crushed tomato sauce with a bit of fresh basil and imagine an extremly highly seasoned viscious tomato sauce that is so thick, salted, and spicy that it resembles a marinara sauce. It is packed with flavor... although I don't know if it's a very desirable flavor. Lastly is the cheese and pepperoni. This is where they messed up. The pepperoni is great, it's a nice dark greasy beef pepperoni that curls and crisps on the edges while having a molten pool of rich olive oil in the center. The cheese however is a very low moisture mozzarella with a low fat content, it's a very dehydrated cheese and cheaper pizza places will often use it because it has double to triple the shelf life of fresh mozzarella. The problem is that because the sauce is so high in salt and because the cheese is so low in moisture, the liquid released from the cheese upon melting in the oven cannot dilute the salt content from the sauce and the surface stays intact and dehydrated. So the cheese doesn't meld into the sauce it forms a raft that slides off the pie when the delivery driver is making right turns on yellow lights. Where if they used a higher fat and higher moisture mozzarella, it would have melted very evenly at a much lower temperature. This is the type of cheese that we see when we see a pizza slice being lifted from the pie and the cheese stretches out off the slice and down to the cheese magma below. What's worse is that the cheese they use ends up not just being tightly attached in a raft, but when bite into the cheese it has a bouncy firmness to it that turns very solid when the pizza cools down for a few minutes after you open the box. It's a struggle to get a slice of pizza out of the box without all the cheese sliding off or ripping all of the cheese off from the neighbor slices. It's not a bad pizza for midnight delivery, but when you have low quality ingredients, save the deliciously perfect pepperoni, you end up with a low quality pizza, and thats exactly what this is. 1 star pizza, 1 star for the pepperoni, and one star for fast delivery! Pizza science, BitchesThe food was awful the pizza was burnt and I waited on my pizza for more than 30 mins . They really need to get better pizza makers or something! Not the place that I would want to go back to the place.Short answer: Go elsewhere. 
We tried Wolf Street Pizza for the first time a few weekends ago and the experience and food were both absolutely terrible.  Delivered our order completely wrong, fought with us about the order, never came back with our correct order AND the food was cold.  Over an hour to get two pizzas is ridiculous.  So many better options nearby.While the food was good, I took issue with the pricing. #1-  I placed my order on Foodler.com and received a total I was to pay in cash upon arrival.  Needless to say, the totals did not match when the driver arrived.  The prices on the Foodler website were cheaper than I was actually charged.  If you are going to advertise your food at a certain price then that is what you need to sell it at.  It is not my fault you have not updated your prices.  Unfortunately, this cut into the driver's tip because I had exactly enough for the original price.  
#2- I knew there was a .75 delivery charge, and this was added in handwriting at the bottom of the receipt.  However, upon further investigation, I found I had already been charged .40 for delivery through their computer!
So now I have been overcharged for my food and delivery by about 2 bucks.  No, it's not a lot of money, but they blatantly did not honor the posted prices (they even gave me the Foodler receipt with the cheaper prices on it in addition to their inflated receipt!) and then double charged me for delivery.  
Check your receipts people!Terrible! My girlfriend and I ordered a pizza and wings from here. Took over 2hrs for the food to arrive. When calling to find out where the order is the lady kept saying that the driving is pulling up now and should be outside. 30 minutes goes by and still nothing. Save yourself the hassle and just go to pizzeria pestos!My boyfriend and I were happy with the food here the first time we ordered. The second time we ordered the same exact thing (1 week later) and the food was so terrible I called the restaurant to let them know and offered to return the food which was not touched for our money back. The assistant manager did not accept our return. Then the manager was contacted and told me he couldn't refund us because we kept the food. Which I had offered to return multiple times. Then after all that we found what looked like 3 dark curly hairs in one of our pasta dishes. We will never be dining here againIf you order pasta, it's homemade. And it's good. There's too much sauce for me, but it's still really good. 
Not sure why they received bad reviews, but I like em. 
:)
Also had their breakfast (remodeling kitchen) and it was good, quick and they seem nice. 
Eat here.Wolf, please do Philadelphians a favor and go out of business. Your pizza and wings are disgustingly soft, cold and bland-- which perfectly matches your service. Save your time and money and order elsewhere.I placed an order today through Eat24 and only received half of what I ordered, and what I did receive was either cold, completely wrong, or had clearly been sitting out under a heat lamp for a long time.  The manager did authorize a full refund to me, but only after several repeated attempts of offering me 25% off my next order from them by the woman that answers the phone.  This is my first and last time ordering from here, but I'm happy I didn't end up getting charged for the bad food I did receive.I'd give negative stars if I could. Ordered delivery and got an est. delivery time of 1 hr. Well 1 hr came and went so we decided to call and check on our pizza. The restaurant was very rude on the phone and told us it was a few mins away. We waited another hour and tried to contact the restaurant again, when the delivery guy finally arrived. Got the pizza and wings and all of them were straight out-of-the-fridge cold. Tried to contact the restaurant again to complain in the hopes of getting a refund, only to be told that "we should expect late delivery because of the distance." Two and a half hours later, and we're still waiting to eat our pizza that's currently warming in the oven....
Long story short, this place absolutely sucks.Overpriced small pie. No individual slices. Pizza tasted stale like a day old pizza shoved back in the oven!!!I haven't really found a consistent pizza place for delivery until now. 
Wolf Street not only has excellent pizza (my favorite is the New Yorker specialty pizza) but a wide variety of items on their menu which comes in handy when we have guests or one of us is in the mood for something other than pizza. While their burgers are just ok, they are good for a place that doesn't specialize in burgers. 
What impresses me most is their customer service, even on the most horrid of snowy nights their delivery persons are on time and always have a smile. They always thank me for my business and in today's marketplace this is something that is all too often forgotten. These little things are what keeps me coming back again and again.Wolf Street is seriously the best food for solid prices! I have been trying different stuff every time and it's been consistently good every time! I love this place and definitely recommend it!  I don't understand how their rating is so low on here, because their food is awesome. Try the soup (I've had Clam Chowder and a Tortellini spinach soup so far and they were both great) and the grilled cheese (it's on thick cut Texas Toast! I add Bacon and Tomato to mine and it's great!)Ordered delivery through grubhub and it was a terrible experience. First off, only half of my order arrived. After talking to both the driver and the restaurant, I was assured that a second driver was "already on the way" with the other part of my order, and that they would be here "very soon". This restaurant is 13 minutes away from me, and I received my order 40 minutes after I had spoken to the restaurant on the phone. Which is 2 hours after I placed my initial order. Then I found that the stromboli was cold and the dough was only halfway cooked in the middle. Grubhub then told me the restaurant would only give me a 20% discount. Which didn't even cover the item that was severely delayed, let alone the tax on it or tip that they didn't deserve. I don't know why this restaurant was rated nicely on grubhub. Don't order from here if you value customer service and fully cooked food.Putrid pizza.. could taste NOTHING but salt!!! Had to throw that whole large pizza out! GF's gluten-free pizza (with "extra cheese,) needed way more "extra cheese" when it was delivered, fortunately we had some mozzarella at home... Will never order from this est. again. Can't fathom why they have positive ratings!!!HORRIBLE SERVICE
For starters the phone girl has zero personality and is very short with you and rude, second i placed my order today at 12:44, it is now 3:25 and i still have NO food. i had to call them twice and was told both times my food was on its way. i understand busy days especially football Sunday but almost 4 hours for food is insane. i did place the order online and they confirmed they got it but apparently no one ever did anything with the order. i now had to call someone else after waiting this long for food to order from some where else. i will NEVER order from here again.Would have been one star since they forgot part of my order, but two since their sandwich was decent.This place is a joke. "Best Pizza: 1992"...either there was no competition or the pizza vastly different. I just got back with late dinner, and am disgusted. The pricing in the menu doesn't match what's posted in store, and they won't honor the price above the counter. My onion rings were burned, yet soggy. My girlfriend's pizza fries taste like they were cooked in a microwave. It's easily the worst food I've ever had.I've been currently waiting one hour and 53 minutes for a pizza and salad.  I've called multiple times and have been told it's on it's way and they tried blaming the delay on the rain that started 45 minutes after I placed my order.  Unacceptable and ridiculous serviceLove the buffalo wings, lightly breaded, light sauce. Panzarotti is delicious. Only 3 stars until I try more food.Food was not edible. Chicken fingers were burnt and the fries weren't cooked. Do NOT order.The delivery times can vary, sometimes it's surprisingly quick other times it's not. The pizza is good, nothing to write home about but not much to complain about. The dinner salad is kind of lacking but I don't expect much from a pizzeria. It usually comes with egg and olive if that's your jam.I have ordered from here multiple times and had to write a review. First time I order, I got some outstanding penne vodka and not only was it large but it was outstanding.
Since then I have tried a lot of the menu and have come away generally satisfied. Service is nice and delivery has never been an issue for me. Definitely 5 star based on price quantity quality and a deep menu to choose from. I will continue to keep Wolf Street in my rotation.Ordered food and it took 2 hours to arrive. Called and staff was surly and rude. Said rain was cause for delay, which is ridiculous. Delivery person couldn't be bothered to apologize. Food was decent, but certainly not worth the wait. Very clear why this place has only two stars. Definitely recommend ordering from any other place.Just ordered.. the food was here on time and hot.. reasonably priced.. however.. I ordered the cutlet stromboli, which is supposed to come with onions and roasted peppers.. but didn't.. it's good without.. but not what I ordered. Just like the Pepsi instead of coke that I ordered.. hey.. they nailed the dinner salad.The pizza was delivered without a pizza bag so it was lukewarm by the time we got it. The 2 liter Pepsi was so warm that it was undrinkable. Two stars because the pizza was actually decent, I just wish that they got the temperature of it and the drink right.We ordered a breakfast pizza this morning via GrubHub for delivery to my office. I put a note the order for them to deliver to the lobby. The delivery guy called when he was a few blocks away and asked me to come outside to meet him -- I told him I had instructions on the order to deliver to the backdoor lobby area of the building. He called to say he was outside of the building -- was very rude on the phone both times. I went outside to meet him at his car as requested of him (we gave him exact change due to his attitude) -- he had the nerve to ask for a tip after refusing to follow simple instructions  and to walk to the door!! We order take-out in our building often - people always deliver to our lobby area or office, but not this guy. Plus the pizza has very little bacon (sadly) - it's alright, but I'll NEVER order again or recommend this place.Most the time the food was good, but lately you call to place your order and a gentleman rushes through your order before you have a chance to tell him exactly what you want to order. I ordered a low carb meal 2 days ago (it should have been chicken, peppers, onions and spinach, my order comes I'm running my fork through the meal and no spinach is in it, I call Wolf Street back the women that answered the phone ask a gentleman in the background was spinach supposed to be in the platter the gentleman says oh yeah we ran out of spinach, I was then told they would give me a $2.00 discount, never mind my dinner consisted of chicken, peppers and onions. No one called me back to say would you like a salad, or some broccolli they feel you should take whatever they dish out. Friday I order again a cheesesteak with prov and wiz and fried onions, it comes and no prov, call them back again the gentleman says I didn't here you say prov (stop rushing and read the customers order back to them) I also ordered hot wings some how my total came to $13.16 and that's with the $2.00 disc. My job large fam orders from here and my colleagues, my fraternity also.  And we all agree our money will not continue to go to someone that is rude and slick.Horrible! Almost 2 hours wait for delivery! Food was COLD and gross... Driver forgot our drinks but said he had to go because he was scared he would get a ticket then we asked for our money back for drinks and he said "ugh well I already paid for them" (after we tipped him $6 bc we figured it wasn't his fault) when we called about our food taking 2 hours they didn't care they told us it's because were 20 minutes away (then u shouldn't serve this area)  this place is so unprofessional from the person answering the phones to the driver.  If they were apologetic and act like they cared a little but I would've never even complained.Only giving this place one star because zero is not an option. I ordered from this place a few days ago...got a pizza and a drink. The delivery was quick but the driver forgot my drink and gave me someone else's when I complained. The pizza tasted ok but made me sick. Should not have ignored the other reviews. Do not eat here unless you want to be sick.We were starving at 11 pm on Saturday, and our regular pizza joint was closed, so we ordered from Wolf Street through GrubHub. I had heard good things. I entered the order around 11 or 11:10, grateful they were still open. The pizza arrived, cold, two hours later at 1:15.
Granted, it was snowing terribly, and the roads were bad. I wasn't expecting perfection or super-fast delivery. But I say, if you can't make your deliveries, don't take orders. I don't know if the fault is with Wolf Street or Grub Hub.
Around 12:30, when I called to ask if the order was coming (and if not, to cancel it), no one picked up. They were technically closed at midnight, so it's about what I expected. But did that mean they were actually going to deliver my order? It was late; it was snowing; I was fine with canceling. I called again a minute later, and someone picked up and hung up on me immediately. At least I knew someone was still there.
I went to bed at 1 am, figuring I'd ask for a refund the next day. But 10 or 15 minutes later, a driver pulled up outside my house and knocked on the door. I'd almost rather have not had the thing at that point, and I briefly considered not answering the door. But I did sympathize with the delivery guy. He apologized, said the roads were bad. I could see that they were. I give him some credit for finishing his rounds, but his employer should not have put him through it.
The next day, after reheating the pizza, I did not care for it. Strictly on the merits of its flavor, I won't order from them again. Sorry guys.Food is OK but their delivery service is awful!  One order a few weeks ago took over an hour to be delivered.  It was the first time I ever had a problem so I let it go as a fluke.  
Today I ordered via Grubhub.  Now, if you're a Grubhub user you know that everything is timestamped.  Well, it had been close to an hour since my order was marked out for delivery, so I gave them a call.  They said they didn't have a record of my order, but it was marked received and out for delivery.  A female employee said "oh we'll get it out to you."  The thing is, she never asked what I ordered.  So, you probably did have my order and are full of crap!  They also gave the same bs story to the Grubhub rep (since they ask for feedback after each order).  
I feel sorry for the cooks who put out a good product but your customer service needs serious work!  Not sure what's going on because I was a customer off and on for about a year without a problem.Ordered at 11:30 a.m.  I was told it was on it's way at noon.  Called at 1p.m.  The person that answered said it would be another 45min because the roads were bad.  I am completely understanding of that. Called again at 2:30p.m., spoke with the same woman and said it was still on it's way.  Called again at 5 asking if I should just cancel the order or if it was ever going to show up.  The woman on the phone told me my order was cancelled.  I explained I had not done that. She looked up my order and tried to argue the extra toppings I paid for on the pizza because they weren't showing up on the slip (not what you want to do when you've been waiting at your house all day and hungry), they were out of what I requested to drink, if I wanted to receive a refund, I would have to call grubhub...all of this plus 5 hours of waiting for paid food and not one apology or an offer for money back and order.  I'm sorry but, that's the least you can do when someone has waited at home all day for a delivery.  Thank you for using my time, energy, and I still had to call grubhub on my own to get a refund because a half hour passed my last phone call when I was told it would be "5 minutes".  Then the delivery driver showed up about 20 minutes after that and I let her know the order was cancelled and she asked me if I could call the pizza shop and them know?  I just wanted to not deal with any of you anymore. I had to explain to her grubhub called the restaurant and called me back so they definitely knew.  Seriously?  Worst eating experience in Philadelphia.  Or non-eating...however you want to look at it.It was... okay. 
To start, there is so much to order from. They have amazing variety and everything is always cooked perfectly.
However, their ingredients seem to be canned or frozen. We ordered a white pizza with anchovies. The anchovies tasted wrong; they tasted off. They tasted as if they were left out near a warm surface, so they were partially cooked instead of just being cured. It was a big turn off.
We've ordered several times from this establishment and everyone is always polite, friendly, and totally accommodating.
If I had to make any recommendation to the owner, it would be to keep a close eye on the dressing station and the toppings; if something spoils, it could ruin a lot.I order from this place about a week ago.. The hoagie I had was one of the best hoagies I ever ate. But I will never order from here again because I got chewed out by the driver about the tip. Trying to explain to me the 2 $ for delivery didn't go to him and blah blah as if I was an idiot or something... It was very rude... And not professional at all...If he would have just shut up I had cash on me and was about to give it to him I just wanted the amount to even out on my card! Smh it's too bad because I really enjoy that hoagie but I having that experience the first time I even order from there made me not ever want to order again!If you are in search of poor customer food service,  then Wolf St. Pizza is the place to go! I put in a 30.00 order and they screwed it all up. It goes like this. We asked for a 2 Litre Ginger Ale and got a 2 Litre Pepsi. When I called them to tell them that they confused our drink order she  stated...."that's all we have". Instead of calling us and telling us that they were out of ginger ale, they simply decided that Pepsi tastes just like Ginger Ale....go figure!!   No attempt to remove it from my credit card or even to apologize. It was really a " we don't give a !@#$ about the fact that you don't drink Pepsi!!
Next, we open up the cheese fries. We ordered cheese fries with salt, pepper and ketchup. Okay, well there was cheese on about four fries, no salt, no pepper, no ketchup!! I called them back and after explaining my concerns three times I get put on hold. Upon returning to the phone the person says "Can I take your order!! " Once again I expressed my frustration about my entire order and  she tells me that she would tell the manager to "see what we can do". After several minutes she returns to the phone to inform me that they could send the driver with a small container of cheese!!! I was over it!! What we wanted was cheese fries made as,we ordered them!!,why would I want to pour cheese over cold, unseasoned fries!!,Not even an offer to correct the poorly prepared fries...no apology from the manager. She then says, Well were getting kinda busy!!, At this point I say..."I don't give a damn about you being busy, I just paid $30 for food that tastes and looks like shit!" I never even got to mention that the cheese steak was cold and the bread was hard!! 
My suggestion....don't order from Wolf St. Pizza...service and food is horrible!! I plan to inform all of my family and friends that Wolf St. Pizza doesn't care about customer satisfaction. I live two blocks away it would have been easy for them to make an attempt to make it right. Never again will I patronize their establishment.Horrible customer service. Placed an order around 10:15. Heard nothing from them for a couple hours and called around 12 to ask if it had gone out yet. Was told that the driver had the food and should be there soon. At 1pm called again and I was told they were going to call the driver and then call me back. They never called me back and then at 2pm I called again and was told that the delivery should only be 30 more minutes. At this point I asked for a discount (as assumed the food would arrive cold) and she asked if she could give me a free 2liter soda instead. If my food was in the car at 12 and I called again at 2 and its only 30min away how am I getting a free soda if the food is out! I said no, dont want a free soda and they said do you want a credit? NOOO I dont want a credit to your shitty establishment. Needless to say I will never order from them again. Food never even came..I've ordered from here before, never had a problem with the food or service, until tonight. 
I ordered a hoagie and fries for delivery, and got a little extra for my money-- A BAND-AID!!  Unwrapped, folded, stuck together, couldn't tell if it was used or not.  Thanks, Wolf Street, I appreciate the freebie!  Are you trying out a new, morbid Happy Meal Toy idea?  Do it. Run with that.
I never got to try the food, so I can't comment on their culinary prowess.  This one-star rating goes out to the nice delivery guy who came and collected the food AND the band-aid (they asked for it back...speaks to their knife skills and tiny first aid budget, perhaps?).  
Next time I get a paper cut, I'm ordering a hoagie and fries ASAFP!  "Wolf Street Pizza and Grill: The Jefferson Hospital of Food Delivery"Food was over half an hour late and the restaurant charged my card additional money that I ever authorised and am still waiting for Seamless to refund me. Don't risk it.Delivery guy is ASS. He honked the car for about 5 seconds, ran out to bang my door and ring my doorbell to ask if I ordered food. Then went and park somewhere and walked my food over and gave me an attitude saying, "What's wrong with your phone?" I'm like, nobody ever asked me for a phone number. 
But the pie is huge. Pretty pricy though. They also got my order wrong, but it's whatever. Spent $26 for a 2 liter soda, 10 hot wings, and a large pizza. Don't think I'll be ordering there again, but it's for a mini pre-gaming party so I didn't mind much. ;)I wouldn't have rated any stars AT ALL, but that's not a choice,sadly.
My boyfriend and I ordered a pizza and mozzarella sticks.
We BOTH got horribly sick and will never be ordering from here ever again.If you have food allergies - DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!   Despite ordering from grub hub and making sure we told them I can not eat onions and peppers - they still put them in my food and caused me to be very sick  I ordered grilled chicken with spinach and mushrooms with cheese.   It wasn't hard to leave out the peppers and onions.   This is not the first time this has happened -  it's about the third.    Bad enough the food took over an hour to get to us - it made me violently ill.By far the worst pizza I've ever had. The 1 star was for mozzarella sticks...they weren't too badTook over 2 hours for delivery when they quoted 35-45 minutes. Called twice to find out if it was on its way and both times they said 10 minutes and took another 30 minutes. Don't waste your time ordering and if you do expect to wait 2 hours and don't bother calling them. Would go lower than one star if I could after the nasty response I got.I just moved to the area and have been ordering there very often. EVERYTHING has tasted great! Best chicken wings and chicken fingers I have had in a long time! I love the mozzarella sticks and the BREAD!!! I just had a hoagie from there for the first time and it was really good. Giving 4 stars because I have had to wait really long for delivery and even had to walk there once because it was taking so long. Otherwise, its great!So much hate in these reviews for a place I've never had a problem with. I wouldn't necessarily recommend them to a food critic or the Zagat guide, but as far as a dependable and affordable pizza and wings shop goes, they are my go-to.I tried a steak stromboli it was delicious and they are always fast with delivery even in the snow! The buffalo wings and panzarotti is delicious also!Not that bad, taste wise (1/2 pepperoni 1/2 plain pie) But it arrived ICE COLD. Even the fried mushrooms that i ordered were like little balls of cold. Dont they have heat bags for the drivers when its 14 degrees outside?Ordered chicken and rice soup for $5.50  and they gave me canned chicken noodle Progresso soup. Nice try. What a scamI ordered from door dash. And I will admit they delivered faster than expected. Only for them to give the wrong pizza to the door dash delivery man. When I called to inform them of this mistake the girl on the phone said " maybe he gave you the wrong pizza " when on the ticket it has exactly what I ordered but inside it wasn't correct. I said "well can you send someone with a correct pizza ?" "Oh no! You have to come in and get it lol " I told them I would not be coming to get my pizza the incorrect order was not my fault I am then placed on a 5 min hold only for another unprofessional employee to get on the phone and instruct me to bring back the wrong pizza and get the correct one or to call door dash and ask them to come back and get it. I told them I would not be paying door dash to return and get the correct pizza and they needed to send someone.  I was put on hold once again. And they finally said they would send someone with the correct pizza as long as I didn't eat the incorrect one. So where I am almost 2 hours later finally getting my food. And it's disgusting. First and last time ordering from this place.Very happy until I found a centipede in my cheese fries. I was very happy with the taste of the food, but I'll never order from this place again.We ate here on 09/01/19 at the recommendation of my nephew. We met the owner who was a super nice guy. Me and my wife both got the philly cheese steak and it was awesome. They bake their own bread there daily and it is very tasty. There isn't much room in the shop to eat, in fact there is only one table so it's mainly a takeout place. You can tell that the owner is very passionate about his craft and was very helpful on their massive menu. I would highly suggest this place if your ever near an want a true authentic Philly cheesesteak.Top dollar for crap. 
I ordered Chicken Alfredo that arrived cold and nasty.I ordered food from them and when it arrived they forgot to include sauce for my Stromboli. I called them up immediately to find out why and it turns out you have to specifically ask for it.
The person I spoke with on the phone (after being on hold for over 5 minutes) offered the plain excuse that some of their employees always include it and some don't. As if it was napkins or plastic silverware. But how am I to know I have to ask for it when it's been included with every Stromboli I've ever ordered from anywhere in my entire life.
As far as I'm concerned a piece of my order was missing and despite calling them to inquire about it they didn't seem concerned with correcting the issue, only making excuses. They didn't offer to bring me the missing sauce or even apologize.
The food is satisfactory but this experience ruined my dinner and it's very likely I'll never order from them again.Good old Wolf Street. I think at this point we can call it an institution. They've got a following. If you're new to the immediate surrounding area, then this is the best you can do. 
The pizza is good. Sometimes the sauce can lean towards the salty side and sometimes the crust can be a bit too doughy. But overall they put out a consistent product. 
Counter service is less consistent. Sometimes you get sucked into personal conversations. Sometimes you have to wait to order while they finish texting or wrapping up their FaceTime convo. 
That's my biggest gripe...Was there Saturday afternoon, not busy at all. Cashier gave me the wrong change. Ordered bacon wrapped shrimp, was missing almost half. Her response "they're bigger shrimp so you got less ". Which isn't true I get them quite often. It's a shame because their food is ok. But the customer service, is definitely a zero.The pizza was delicious, cheese bread is a little too cheesy and the sauce that came with it was cold. But the pizza was delicious!!!!!Welp, yelp, once again I'm goin' against the grain here and have to give a good review. We felt like pasta and salad on a chilly Sunday afternoon and turned to yelp for a close location. Which brought us to Wolf Street Pizza and grill. We placed our order and only THEN did we see the dreadful reviews. Aghhhhhhh! Too late. Braced for the worst, we waited. 
Delivery arrived in 30 minutes from grub hub. We were pleasantly surprised by the nice packaging and HUGE portions. Salads were nice quality mixed greens with hand cut cukes, onion and cherry tomato, nice soft Italian bread and what seemed like a pound of pasta in each serving. I got meat sauce and my hubs had vodka sauce. Both were excellent. My only gripe was we ordered linguini and we were given spaghetti. No big deal. We have days worth of leftovers and the price was very reasonable. There is a "happy hour" pasta price that can't be beat. We will try that next time. 
I can't speak to the pizza since we haven't tried it but from the delivery complaints maybe just use grubhub or uber eats. Our delivery was super quick. 
Maybe this place changed hands since all the bad reviews. Who knows? All I can say is we really enjoyed our meal and felt the quality was good. Portions were generous.Ordered at 6:10 pizza came at 7:30 ice cold had to put it in the oven to heat it up. Horrible experience. I will never order from Wolf Street Pizza again. Promise. Worst part about it is I live 2 blocks away on the 2200 block of Woodstock Street. Gabe P. from South Philly.Kicking myself for not reading the Yelp reviews first. Ordered parpadelle pasta with grilled chicken and vodka sauce. Also ordered chocolate cake. I received parpadelle pasta and some sort of weird cheesey orange sauce--and seafood--with grilled chicken on top. It was inedible. The chocolate cake arrived melted and after cooling it up, I realized it was chocolate cheesecake. Really disappointed. Won't be ordering from here again.Ordered delivery from here through GrubHub and it came on time and hot, so that's a plus.  
Got two 18" cheese pizzas for $26 or so (one with pepperoni) from one of their family deals (great selection if you wanna buy a large amount of food at a small discount).  Pepperoni was like $2.25 extra or something, which I thought was pretty steep, although it WAS good pepperoni.
Pizzas were good - not great - but definitely passable and greasy/cheesy enough to pair with some beer when you're sick of cooking your back-of-the-pantry staples during quarantine.  The pepperoni was WAY better than the plain (which didn't have enough sauce/seasonings IMHO), but the crunchy yet soft crust held up nicely on both.
Overall, I hate GrubHub but had some gift cards to use so landed on this place - one of many South Philly pizza joints.  Would I order from here again?  Maybe.  But I'd like to knock a few other places off my list first.Awful. Terrible. Avoid. You've been warned. Service sucks. Called after waiting an hour. Waited 15 minutes. The person answering said they won't ask anyone if my food has even been or sent because she didn't want to get cussed out. She had no clue about anything. Avoid. I used to suggest peoples order from there. No more.Consistently providing the wrong order, or when the order is correct, I receive a half-cooked panzerotti and soggy fries. Would give 0 stars if I could 
If you're going to provide poor quality food, at least increase your customer service processes rather than telling a customer "Sorry, there's nothing we can do." 
August '20 update: contrary to my previous review that included undercooked/soggy food, I had a hockey puck pizza delivered. Done with these clowns - get your shit together.We placed an order thru grub hub, waited well past the time that was estimated( cause things happen) We waited up till an hour past then called first we were hung up on and then when we did get a person on the phone they were rude finally got the manager on the phone waiting on a call back about the status of our order. Severely disappointed in this.Horrible customer service. Ordered through grubhub. The didnt deliver the food. Called 30mins after it was delivered and it was on its way. An hour later, nothing. Called again and was told the driver tried calling me several times and my phone was off which is a flat out lie, food was then dumped at the lobby at 6pm.But at 6:30 I was told he was still on his way. Staff were extremely unprofessional and rude. They refused me a refund, will be filing a claim with my bank because this business is a fraud. Stay away from them, save your moneyWhen you hear Deep Dish Chicago style pizza, what do you expect?
I'm from Chicago so when this place says deep dish on the menu, I was pumped! A little far away, but the cheese configuration was worth the delivery, I thought. Instead, I had an experience with customer service and a sad stomach. 
I can't eat much cheese anymore, so when I order a pizza, I plan the best types from places with ones that I really want! so when I got a normal, cold pizza with wrong toppings, I was confused. I called to see if I was sent the wrong order, but they said that's what their Chicago deep dish pizzas looked like. I asked my my money back, because I didn't even want to bother trying it, but they refused, just refunding for the missed topping. Then they closed for the night and by the next day, my problems were swept under the rug and they said no refund. I was stuck with an incorrect pizza in the fridge and no one to eat it. Tried a slice and threw the rest away- even if I had wanted thin pizza, this wasn't a great one. I want to start a petition to change the name of their Chicago Style Deep Dish to stop unsuspecting fools like me. Be warned!Never order from here. Waited 2 hours for food. Then said it was a mistake and put order as pickup instead of delivery. I got several notifications saying it was going to be delivered. When I called they said it was a mistake. Mistakes happen. The girls there are miserable rude unworthy little b words. I don't even call to order cause they are so rude. I will never order from there again. Horrible customer serviceUnbelievable great Food!!It's been a while since we tried Wolf Street everything was good !!It was a pleasure talking to Joanne your great serviceI definitely recommend wolf st pizza. Order pizza from here last night probably about two hours before closing. Due to the weather there were not a lot of dashers around to pick up my order. When my wife called there was a lovely woman who was more than happy to call DoorDash customer service herself and stay a little bit after close to make sure we got our food! Super great customer service. The food was definitely worth the wait! I didn't even mind having to reheat the food a little bit. We ordered Angelos Favorite pizza, jumbo chicken wings & garlic knots. Everything was fantastic! Wings perfectly seasoned and surprisingly still crispy! The pizza was amazing with the chicken, peppers & prosciutto! My wife fell in love with the garlic knots! Definitely will be ordering again !!Well... needless to say this is probably the worst place I've ordered from in this area of the city.Well, I found a new pizza place! Got 1 pepperoni and 1 cheese pizza and some steak fries. The steak fries were great! Perfectly salted and cooked.the pizza was really good. I could definitely taste fresh basil which made it even better! Everything just tasted fresh. These guys get great reviews on GrubHub, so when I got on Yelp! to write a review, I was shocked by their score! 4.5/5 on GrubHub our of 3k+ reviews. Give them a chance.
Also, the people referring to their "deep dish Chicago style pizza", you are not in Chicago. No offense to Wolf Street pizza, but if you want an authentic deep dish in Philly, you're probably gonna have to go somewhere higher end. I wouldn't expect to get a decent cheesesteak at an average pizza place in Chicago. Philly tends to do better with New York/Sicilian style pizza probably because of our proximity to New York.