Great food and cool environment. I've ordered several of the sandwiches and pizza and have never been disappointed. Wood street pizza is exactly what the neighborhood needed. Well done!SO GOOD! I went simple on my first trip here--just a slice of pepperoni, 4 dry rub wings, and 4 sauced wings--and I'm unsure which was my favorite. The pizza is crispy, the wings are meaty, and the sauce wasn't too heavy. Dean (the dude who owns the place) clearly busts his ass to make sure this place is top notch, and he's doing it right. I wish he had a gluten-free crust so my gluten-free girlfriend could experience Wood Street's food! I'll be back.I was here a couple days ago while I was waiting getting some work done on my car. I want to first say the staff was friendly, I didn't get the name of the man who was at the register but he was patient when I was deciding what I wanted and even after I got my food he even checked up on me to ask if everything was ok. The food was also pretty good, the only downside I would have to say was that my order was a little expensive but it was worth it.My boyfriend moved nearby and I've ended up trying Wood St a couple times now. Wow.  This is the real stuff.  The crust texture alone is worth talking about.  We got a large pizza to go with sausage, pepperoni,  peppers,  and onion. Also a Caesar salad and onion rings.  Ratio of cheese was great.  Meat was awesome. Onion rings were still crunchy even after getting them home.   This is my favorite pizza in Philly now.  I wish they'd put the word pizza or restaurant somewhere on the outside though. When they first opened I had no idea what they did until I looked them up online.This place is pretty legit. I know that Bufad is supposed to have the lock on this neck of the woods for making "rustic" style pizza, but let's be honest, sometimes that place just puts weird ass ingredients on some dough and calls it a pizza just to see if anyone will eat it. This place serves your traditional pizza toppings (pepperoni, sausage, veggie, etc.) with really fricken good mozzarella and a great sauce. 
I really hope this place becomes a staple of the neighborhood because it's obvious that the owner/chef/guy who is there all the time puts a lot of hard work into his food.First time visit review. 
Had two slices of pizza. Not to be a copy cat but like another reviewer, I found them "pretty bland" -- for PIZZA!
Note, upon initially viewing them in the shop's glass display case (still with the pizza) I was extremely interested in having a go at them as they "appeared" yummy - that's one of the main reasons I was so let down. I should note, having said that I loved my onion rings. (They were clearly HEAVILY DEEP FRIED, though, so BEWARE...they're fattening as SHIT, in all likelihood.)Great pizza salads and sandwhiches. The meatballs sandwhich hit the spot and the pizza and crust rock. At later date i had the wings and Caesar salad (real Anchovies, say what?!)  
Great new pizza/sandwhich spot in the Callowhill / reading viaduct area.Overall, great pizza for a great price and super convenient. I ordered a large pizza and only wanted toppings on half, which they accommodated. The large pizza is really, really big, which kinda surprised me. But it's also a great deal! It's fit for at least 4 people and only around $20-25 depending on how many toppings you want. 
I ordered my pizza and waited about 20 minutes for it. It's freshly made, and I saw them actually make it from scratch so that was a nice touch. Finally, if you pay in cash, you get a discount. You can obviously call ahead and pick up, but waiting didn't take long either. 
There is restaurant space to sit and eat too if you aren't taking out!This is some of the best pizza in the city that I have had. Super thin crust really fresh and light tasting. Very close to a slice you would get in NYC.Wood Street is the BEST to enter Wood St!!! The thin crispy slice is so delicious!! Makes you want for more. Me and my buddies come once a week for meatball sandwiches. We have made it our night to chill in the city. We have become so familiar that the owner knows us by name!!! 
A plus to Wood Street!!!!Always good. Always quick. Very friendly. High quality food and never disappointed. Their menu has a lot to offer, I think their cheesesteaks are the best. The pizza is thin crust and amazing!We live across the street and we're excited to have something so close. We have had pizza and sandwiches there a few times and have yet to be disappointed! Everything has been fresh , well seasoned and yummy. 
They need better advertising as the specials are out of this world . If I got a weekly or daily email or fb update on what kinda deliciousness to expect that day or week I know we would order more often. 
Keep up the good work guys! I cant wait for your fall comfort food selection!!This place is terrific. It's a limited menu but they have a good variety of options and specials. Everything is delicious. Regardless of what you order, you can't go wrong! From meatball subs to French dip and the burgers all the way to their pizzas and starters, Wood Street knows good food.Moved to Philly two weeks ago and I've been looking for a good pizza place. Stopped by tonight and Shane made me a killer plain slice - crispy and chewy, good cheese/sauce ratio. I'll definitely be back.Wow this place is great! Great atmosphere from the time I walked in.  They have some of the best pizza In the city I have to say! Also had the French Dip which was on point!!! A must have when you stop in. All sandwiches on the menu look amazing I can't wait to come back. Wood Street is a must stop by I can promise that you won't be disappointed.Ok...so I never write reviews...and I hate the fact I have to be the guy who prefaces his review with "I never write reviews" but I felt compelled after ordering from here a handful times and always being at least very satisfied to down right impressed. 
I order take out from here so I can't speak on their In house service but they are always very friendly and timely with my orders. I favor a couple dishes but everything I've had is good. 
Favorites:
Cheesesteak-they use this house made wiz which is delicious and is not as heavy and thick as your "wiz wit" accompanied by a fresh seeded roll...
French dip-amazing 9.3/10. They use rib eye and a creamy gruyere cheese...so good. My only beef (see what I did there) is the horseradish could be spicier
Good fries...love the mozzarella sticks(they were burnt once)...my fav is the onions rings...large real onions rings with a seasoned Panko breading...All the salads and and sides are on point. Cold sandwiches I don't ever get...  
And the best part of it all. THE PIZZA. I read the reviews before I posted this and couldn't believe the negative feedback on the za ...in a town where we are always looking for a "good pie" look no further...more of an artisan style pie with a thinner crust and fresh mozz...the pepperoni and sausage are real pepperoni and sausage and not your pizza topping pepperoni and sausage...you know what I'm talking about. And you don't have to hold the slice up in the air to let the excess grease run off or blot with a paper towel.  
Long story short...Eat here...you won't be disappointedThese guys are legit! 
IMO, the best corner pizza shop in the city.
The dough is amazing, thin, crunchy, light and airy. It is as perfect as pizza crust gets when they warm up slices, resulting in a crunchy, but not burned, slice. Good quality cheese and sauce (not too sugary like many places), all clean, simple flavors, done right.
Their fries are also spectacular, and are made from fresh potatoes (they were prep'ing fries the first time I stopped there).
To be fair I have only eaten pizza and fries here, but the sandwiches look and smell great. It's just that the pizza is so good it is hard to justify eating anything else. Since I no longer live on the North East Corridor, when I am back in Philly I pretty much live on pizza and Chinese food. This new place has become my go-to any time I am in town.Pizza was amazing. Ditto for cheesesteak. While ordering, I thought the price for a large was a little high, but that's because it was HUGE. Absolutely worth the price-- both serving size and taste. 
Update: Have since tried their burgers. Went back for a second burger within a week -- they're that good. Mozzarella sticks also delish. They are as fat as an egg roll and jam packed with fresh gooey mozzarella.One of my favorite places to get pizza. I usually stop by pretty late so there's not a lot of options left so I just pick the one that looks the most appealing to me and it has never disappointed. The pizza here has the perfect crust to pie ratio. It's not too salty or greasy and the service is fast. Definitely check it out if you're in the neighborhood and looking for something quick.GREAT place! The pizza was easily the best i've had in Philly. Got a pepperoni, sausage and meatball pie. Outta this world. Also definitely recommend the cheese fries. With that house wiz, forget about it. As good as the food was tho, the best thing about this place, is the service. Talked to Sara behind the counter while i was waiting for my pizza. Worth the trip alone! She's super sweet, hilarious and what i would call, a real pizza goddessPizza was amazing. Ditto for cheesesteak. While ordering, I thought the price for a large was a little high, but that's because it was HUGE. Absolutely worth the price-- for both serving size and taste.Im not a fan of negative reviews (I mean who is unless truly cold hearted) but I did not enjoy my pizza here. 
My friends and I got hungry after a chill after-work Friday evening of hanging out with some drinks. I NEEDED pizza and someone suggested this place because close by. Well my sister wanted a cheese pizza and I wanted pepperoni. They just take some pepperoni and put it on the cheese pizza then heat it up. We both agreed t was pretty bland (thin crust in case anyone was wondering). There also wasn't that much of a selection. My Friday night vibe was killed. 
The service was ok, decent-ish amount of seating land maybe the cheesesteaks are good (someone told me the meat is never frozen) but I'm a little wary of giving this place another chance.I really like this place , tucked in a corner spot . The pizza was incredible probably one of the best in this area . I will return$21 for a large pizza? $4 per topping?? Two topping pizza plus tax and you're up to more than $30 for a single pizza... get outta here. No pizza is that good.One of the better pies I have had in Philly. Been searching for a go-to for delivery for 10 years without success. Wood Street might take the spot.  Hope these guys do well. Pretty impressed.Excellent pizza, definitely the best in the area. I think they just started delivering with Grubhub as well. Good pickles too.Great food. 
Great people who are always friendly. 
Great prices. 
Great atmosphere.
Great location near Union Transfer, Underground Arts, and the venue that will always be the Electric Factory. 
Great BYOB.Had a few slices - plain, sausage.
Actual good pizza. That's not a statement to be taken lightly.
Not boring. Not fancy.
Good pizza.Edit: returned to Wood Street and explained to the owner the problems, he refunded me (plus extra) and apologized sincerely. 
We walked in and ordered a Caprese sandwich, Meatball sandwich, cheese fries and 2 sodas at 6:53 pm. It took until 7:45 pm for a worker to come up to us and ask what we had ordered, half apologizing once, and getting our luke-warm at best sandwiches and fries from the counter. It took another reminder for the drinks. After it being a highly recommended place for a QUICK bite, we are irritated and highly dissatisfied with our food. We come to Philly once a year for a weekend of gaming and we will not be recommending or returning. No offer of a refund or a real apology, either. There were 3 booths including ours full, the other 2 received their food very quickly.Good pizza. Friendly staff. What else do you need to know.
The Margherita pizza was good (and very large, had to adjust me seats to fit it in the car). Will definitely be ordering again.This is the best pizza we had in a very long time.  Just right on the dough and perfect balance on the sauce.  My new go-to spot.I live super close to Wood street and typically stop in a few times a month for days when my boyfriend and I don't wanna cook  You can't really go wrong with what you order! My favorite thing has been the mozzarella sticks but i've tried the pizza, burger and cheesesteak as well. Everything is made fresh and tasty! Bonus tip they have amazing chocolate chip cookies and they will heat them up if you ask!I ordered a large pizza and fries. The fries were awesome, and is probably the only reason I gave this place three stars instead of two. The pizza was soggy and the toppings were average at best. I ordered sausage, mushrooms, and spinach, and while the sausage was pretty good the mushrooms and spinach both tasted like they came from a can. On top of everything else, it was incredibly expensive for the quality of the food.Best pizza in the callowhill area. Crispy thin crust with quality ingredients and good service. All their pizzas are made fresh every few hours and only takes a few seconds to go from the oven to your bellay 
Suggestions:
Pizza by the slice
Dry rub wings 
FriesDon't participate in the Philadelphia food festival at the Crystal Tea Room  if your attitude clearly suggests you don't want to be there.We were in Philly for the weekend and ended up eating here for dinner twice. Super good pizza!As a New Yorker I was skeptical at best of trying a pizza in china town but to my surprise the guys here are knocking it out of the park. Awesome food, thin crust, prices are fair, my only critique would be that they were a little slow, with only one party of 5 ahead of us we waited over 45 minutes for just one pizza. That being said the environment was industrial and nice and I didnt mind waiting for such a good pizza.Good fries. Mozzarella sticks weren't bad but marinara was gross. The pizza just wasn't my type, it looked crazy. I won't be going back.I had a slice of Wood Street pizza and found religion. A nice thin crust, delicious tomato sauce, the right amount of cheese, covered in veggies such as mushrooms, and even topped once out of the oven with slices of fresh cherry tomatoes, herbs, and an additional cheese. Love the owner, love the food. Don't go if you aim to fit in your pants.This place missed the mark for us. The place was completely empty on a Thursday night. We ordered a pizza, wings and a salad. It took nearly 45 minutes to get everything. I wouldn't call anyone who worked here friendly. The wings were rubbery and had barely any sauce on them. The sauce on the pizza tasted like chef boyardee sauce, weird and sweet. The salad was fine but it's hard to mess up lettuce that is dumped out of the bag. The kitchen staff appeared unkempt and unclean. I understand they were making delivery orders but it should not have taken that long for what we got, considering the lack of traffic in/out of this place. Would try again, but wouldn't get the same things we got this time.Really good pizza. Crispy crust, fresh ingredients, you can't go wrong here. Portnoy would approve.Our local pizza joint! Great pizza. The dough is excellent. Sandwiches & salads are delicious too. Highly recommended. If you're headed to the rail park, swing by for a couple slices or a meatball sandwich!I ordered a pizza on the recommendation of a friend. I walked in and was greeted warmly, which is the only reason I gave two stars instead of one. I was informed that the prices have been raised due to the cost of expensive ingredients. I accepted this as I cook frequently and know the importance of high quality products. I brought the pizza home after paying 25 dollars for a large with half sausage. I was so excited to try it! So I get the pizza home open the box and see a thin crusted pizza with barely any cheese. I thought ok maybe it still taste good. I took a slice from the box and immediately could feel a thick coating of flour on my finger tips. I proceeded to take a bite. The crust was dry and flavorless. All I could taste was the flour on the bottom. The sauce and cheese were tasty but very sparse. For 25 dollars I thought there would at least be cheese on my pizza.Local, reliable, tasty. The owner is a good guy. They put actual anchovies on their Caesar. To the uninitiated that may seem odd, but in the world of food, that's how it's supposed to be done.
Everything I've had here is great. I'm glad he opened this pizza shop so close to where I live. Wish I could eat here more. Go here, enjoy yourself, and support local business.Decor/service: friendly staff and quick service. They currently do not have indoor dining set up. 
Food: the pizza had the wood fired flavor but really lacked the crisp you associate with a good wood fired pizza. The crust was average at best. The sauce was the real winner here as it was flavorful and the pepperoni was fresh. The real reason this is 3 stars is the price. The large pizza cost me. $27 with one topping! $27!!!!!!! Not worth that priceAround 6pm on a Thursday I walked in. It was dead, no customers but 3 guys who were working there. None of the 3 males acknowledged me or said hello. I was going to buy dinner to-go but decided to walk out after the poor service I received as a first time customer. Guess I'll never try their food because they're too rude to say hello. Heads up, the parking lot behind this place is NOT part of the restaurant.Great pizza, tons of food, AMAZING chicken strips, a little expensive but they make up for it with a lot of food and great quality!Ordered a well done cheese and fries for around $37. Had to wait about 1.5 hours for cold food. Didn't even read my notes. I hate it when you call a restaurant and they blame the delivery service. Called delivery service and they blamed the restaurant. Do not BS customers if you can't fulfill an order properly. Food is not even good. Cold Fries got too much salt and cold pizza (not the way I ordered) is disgusting. Will remember never to order from you again. Thanks for F'ing my dinner.Ended up getting a couple Italians delivered. Food was great. Delivery was punctual and friendly. Would definitely recommend.Solid neighborhood spot - Creative twists on the standards.  Pizza is super-thin crust but still has a chew.. All ingredients are top-shelf from the sauce to the cheese to the toppings.  Seeded roll was killer on the cheesesteak.  Seemed less crusty than a Sarcone's .. maybe a custom Liscio's?  Anyway, with high-grade beef, chopped JUST coarsely enough and blended with tangier-than average American, it is a high-end example, and goes in my top ten.     Someone had called the fries "limp?"  Ours were outstanding. Best in the city, as far as I can remember.  The only fries I recall competing are the Montreal poutine versions that these remind me of.
Fortunately, my son's apartment is only a few blocks as there is no seating, and it's not exactly Rittenhouse Square picnic territory.  The personalized notes are a nice touch, but no amount of well-wishing seemed to help Wentz :( ..Almost $50 for a large pie w/extra cheese & half pepperoni and a small order of wings delivered. Wings were decent, pizza was missing both toppings and was possibly the most bland pizza I've ever tasted in my life.I decided that I will go on a pizza tour because cheesesteaks have not harmed my body sufficiently.  
To start, there is no indoor dining set up. You can put in your order online or at the door. When you enter there is a table to prevent you from entering too far and this is where you can pay  and/or pick up your food. 
I got a large pizza and this was a big pie. I could barely get it into the door of my car. Cool looking box too but I was afraid I would hit something and drop it. I also grabbed an Olde Philadelphia soda and a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. The pizza and the soda were pretty average. Honestly they don't leave much of an impression at all. However, the buffalo chicken cheesesteak was maybe the best chicken cheesesteak I've had so far. The chicken was cut up well and moist. There wasn't much if any buffalo sauce flavor but that really didn't matter. I'm curious if the normal chicken cheesesteak is the same or if it's dry without the inclusion of the sauce. This definitely makes me want to try out their other cheesesteaks. The pizza was a 3/5 but the cheesesteak was a 5/5. Hence, I used my math skills to average it out.This place does everything right. I've enjoyed everything we've ordered from here - from wings (which seem to be done with butter as they should be according to my Illinois friend!) to pizza to cheesesteak. It's a notch above other places.Ordered the 14" cheese steak pizza from here via Caviar delivery. I must say that the pizza was delicious, flavorful and had the most perfect crust however must complain about having to rip through it like a dog because no one bothered to slice it before sending it out! Would still order from them again however please... Get it together!Just stopped in for a quick dinner. Planned on getting a sandwich, but then noticed pizza by the slice on display. The game had changed. 
The pizza was really tasty, and crafted in a somewhat artisanal style. I got a slice with spinach and a slice with mushrooms. They use chunks of mushrooms rather than thin slices, which was different but good nonetheless. The dough had that great combo of crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside. 
Really liked the industrial-ish vibe of the interior; it reflected the Callowhill neighborhood well. 
Pizza was was worth the $2.50 per slice. The sandwiches are all around $10-12. A little high but I will definitely try them. 
Really excited to frequent this place in the future.What to say? Should be the new No. 1 ranked cheesesteak place in Philly. Tied with NYPD for best pizza. The Wood Street crew is the friendliest around and your order will be SPOT ON each and every time. Favorite Philly go-to.I just had a quick slice as a snack but  it was a delicious slice of white pizza with a cream sauce, balsamic glazed spinach, toasted red peppers and capers. A nice interesting flavor. 
$4 for a slice so it's a bit expensive. But the slice was good size...  5 stars if it was $2.50Wood Street Pizza came through with late night delicious gourmet pizza after the W at Saturday night AAU games. Courteous and professional staff... Covid protocols in place... but most importantly a top notch super large cheese pie - chiffonnade of basil included!  My ballers devoured the pizzas, mozzarella sticks, and a fresh Caesar salad  in the hotel lobby - much to the envy of a late night wedding party and others hotel guests!!   Thanks! #gratefulNJCardinalMomBest pizza in the city hands down!! We usually order from here once a week and it's always a fast delivery (through caviar) and it's perfect. They also have really good wings and mozz sticks. Pizzas are large and the crust is to die for!So, I eat a lot of pizza. Probably too much. I know, blasphemy, right? Well, we're talking heart surgery at 35, too much. So believe me when I say I don't take naming a pizza shop my "favorite" place lightly...
Now, with that said, Wood Street is, unequivocally, my favorite pizza place in Philly. This honestly surprised me, since I do not typically go for the thin crust variety, but this place has seriously perfected it. 
The crust always has the perfect "crunch"; the sauce is flavorful, but doesn't overpower the slice; and they use top quality ingredients and mozzarella for their toppings and cheese. 
I've also somehow managed to order other things too, like the mozzarella sticks (), fries (), and meatball sandwich (). None disappointed. 
I'm that asshole who does not write Yelp reviews, despite how much I rely on them, but this is a relatively new place that me, my tastebuds, and my stomach NEED to see thrive, so I selfishly made an exception. Give it a try! Until then, I'll be ordering multiple times a week...Different Cheesesteak #888.  Guest Eater Alex.  The good news; the meat, cheeses, fried onions & mushrooms are wonderful and work very well together.  They use a seeded sarcone's roll and it is magnificent.  The roll collapsed around the meat wonderfully.  Unfortunately I think the roll is way too big.  All of the ingredients were wonderful, they are just out of balance. Still scored 90/100.Wood Street is one of the best Pizza shops in Philly. I found this about 3 months ago and have ordered pizza from here now 4 times and each time it has been amazing. They are always consistent and never disappoint. The fires are amazingThese guys are killing it! Been here a few times now, and it has been on point every visit. The pizza is great - perfect combination of crispy and chewy crust, with fresh and delicious toppings. The sausage pie in particular is as good a slice of pizza as I've ever had in 27 years of living in Philly. Its really that good. I had a French dip here recently that was incredible as well. Highly recommend Wood Street. Already thinking about my next visit....What a GEM!! My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place and it has some of the best pizza we've had in the city yet! We are hooked on the white pizza with caramelized onions and ricotta cheese - we have literally gotten it twice in one week!! It's so yummy!
The service is great. They go out of their way to make you feel special. Even writing "thank you" messages on the inside of the pizza box. This place is a must if you're in the area!$29 for a large 2 topping pizza. Are you insane?  What a world we live in.  2 stars cuz the pizza was good, price point is absurd.The pizza slaps, can be a little pricey but the cust was thicck so definitely not worth skipping out onPizza is solid, kinda smoky taste and the varieties are imaginative. 
Doesn't seem like these guys create a lot of waste in their daily operations which I respect.
Service is excellent and they have birch beer which always makes me smile.I can't believe it but Philly needed another Pizza jawn.  Their pizza is delicious.  Quality ingredients and quality food all around . They're crust is tasty and it might be my new favorite pizza jawn.  
Their mozzarella sticks are made in house (I think) or at least taste like it, versus the Sysco frozen kind served everywhere else.
There are tables and bar tops to eat at for a slice while there.  
Currently (March 2018) only Postmates is doing there delivery. 
Street parking is fine though for pick up.Hidden gem in philly! Pizzas were freshly made and everyone was friendly. The smells were impeccable. I could feel my nose hairs standing up with every sniff. Hot n fresh.Best pizza ever! We ordered the Philly cheese steak pizza and omg it was so deliciousCheesesteak had hardly any cheese and was very greasy.  Owner is argumentative, rude and condescending.Perfect!  Nice thin crust, baked to a crisp.  Good coverage of topping and cheese.  Red sauce... tasted like all others.  So good, I may go back this same week.  Highly recommended.Wow, Wow, wow....  I was in town for a trade show a few weeks ago.  I found this gem of a place totally by accident.   (Google).  
I'm from New York and the pizza  was absolutely amazing at  Wood Street pizza.  Cannot get pizza like this even N.Y.   If your ever in Philly you have to get a pie!  You'll appreciate it.I've been ordering pizza exclusively from wood street since I found out about it in March and consistently love the food. The G-ma is hands down my favorite but even the plain cheese pizza is awesome. I've gotten several friends and neighbors hooked as well. Not only is this some of the best pizza in philly, but they also appreciate their customers. You will not be disappointed, thank you wood street!Pretty solid pizza! Ordered the Margherita, which tasted great! The house marinara had a little sweetness to it and the actual pizza was delicious. There's just too much crust for my personal preference. It tasted good but i felt like I was eating a loaf of bread and needed dipping sauce or something. My bf thought it was way too much bread and too chewy for him. I didn't mind the chew, but agreed it was just a lot of bread. I still want to come back and try their pizza one more time. Service was great and I was told the long hot, grandma and meatball specialty are the top 3 best sellers. 7.7/10Called in a large pie with extra cheese, mushrooms, sausage & caramelized onions. I'm usually not into toppings (given they are one of the most delightful things on the planet, mushrooms don't count) but the dude I was working with wanted the sausage and onions. Best pizza I've had in Philly.
The crust was perfect. I'm saying: FUCKING PERFECT... even after being boxed and walked five blocks!!! Thin, crisp, the texture was lovely... dare I say a perfect power-bottom???
The ingredients were fresh and high quality... all of it. Sauce was great. Sausage tasted like some boutique shit hand-made from a hog they stole off an Amishman in Lancaster County.
Shout out to the big tattoo'd cook. You fucking merked that shit son.
Gave them an expired card (not throwing it out... pics of my kids on it) and the girl at the register was too embarrassed (for me) to tell me it was declined and swiped it like 300 times, hahaha, before grabbing the cook for assistance. Possible slight exaggeration... anyway, gave them a valid one and forgot it when I grabbed the pie. Shout again to the cook for actually calling me to tell me I left my card there.   
Of note... their bread is Carangi's... they (and Sarcone's) make the finest rolls in Philly. 
One more thing... the pie was fucking huge. Like a Lorenzo's sized behemoth. Largest high-quality pizza I've ever seen or had.So disappointed, was really looking forward to this pizza. First the pizza crust is way too tough, second we ordered a Caesar salad. The greens were very wet and even thought we said No anchovies... there they were ! We could not even eat the salad .... very much wanted to like this placeBest damn pizza we have had in twenty years and the salad was way up there also, fresh ingredients and great veggies. peppers were fantastic. The pizza, huge 20", well priced meatball cheese pizza. We almost ate the box. Thin, perfectly cooked, great sauce, not to much cheese, the way we like but just enough. No hint of grease and a crust that had a cracker like consistency. We will be back real soon.We ordered several items here and other than the pizza and fries it would get 1 or 2 stars.   The pizza and fries 4 stars. The pizza and fries were great. Crust thin, nice flavor sauce. Fries thin and crisp. But the wings were horrible!. They were pale yellow. appeared to be boiled. Barely any sauce but doesn't matter since wings spongy and had no flavor. Wings need to be crisp. The blue cheese dressing tasted strange. A bit vinegary . Maybe turning? I make Blue cheese and at no time do I add vinegar. The chicken cheese steak had so much black pepper my husband could not eat it. Would only get pizza and fries here if returned.Living literally one block away, I have ordered several times from Wood Street. I am shocked that this is my first review! Every pizza is made to perfection. I am not a big meat eater (no pork or beef) so I typically order vegetarian pizzas. I have enjoyed the margherita, the white, and the grandma pies. Perfect char and great balance of firm, yet soft and chewy pie crusts each time. I have also ordered the dry rub wings  and hand cut fries (PERFECTION).The wings could use a sprinkle of sea salt on the actual chicken prior to cooking. Other than that, the dry rub has a great balance of salt, sweet, and fire! 
The owners are a friendly couple. In fact, each employee that I have interacted with has been pleasant. Supporting locally own businesses is my jam! Given COVID, I am happy to see that Wood Street was able to keep their doors open. With so many businesses closing, it gives hope that supporting our local businesses keeps our communities thriving.