Love it here. Dinner and a show is one of my favorite things to do and this place is outstanding. Go see the peekaboo review they are the best!!The location is great. You can get there by foot from Center City or public transportation, and  you can park your car underground. The food is a yummy mix of traditional and non-traditional. I loved the vegetarian burger and eggplant fries.  I did not like the quinoa salad, although I usually like quinoa; it had so much mint in it, I felt I fell in my compost pile.  The ice cream with bacon has a terrible texture, and might be the only ice cream I dislike.  But, this is not the bad part.
The wait staff is terrible. They are rude at the front end, and they are rude when they serve you. We waited a horribly long time to get our dessert, too. There was no explanation, but it was almost thrown at us as we were deciding whether it was time to leave (we assumed they had forgotten it and it was getting late).  
Worst of all, they added a gratuity into my bill without me knowing it. I did not realize the tip was added into the bill, and I tipped the rude waitress with cash. Therefore, she got a 38% tip when she deserved 38 cents.  I would not go to the World Cafe Live unless I was going for the entertainment and was certain it was worth my time and expense.What a great location and venue! Saw Radical Face here and I couldn't be more pleased with the whole experience. Getting into the venue was a breeze, not over packed inside and 5 dollar IPAs. My only complaint, and this is a product of me aging, is that there are not any seats or a balcony.We saw Philly Gumbo last night and they were amazing. Absolutely worth seeing again anytime. Great mix of blues, Caribbean and rock. Go if you can because you'll have a great time. The food was lovely and we enjoyed every bit of it. Highly recommend. A perfect venue.Venue was easy to find with a little preparation via Google Maps.  Parking in the lower level lot operated by UPENN was a breeze and only cost $10 for the night.  Made it to the upper bar in time for happy hour and enjoyed $3 Yuengling Lager pints.  Made our way downstairs for Stephen Kellogg and the Sixers, and the venue couldn't have been better.  The acoustics and atmosphere were great and the service at the dowstairs bar was quick and friendly.  I'll certainly be returning to the World Cafe next time a show announcement catches my eye!Jonathan Coulton from a VIP seat: best concert experience ever.  The acousitcs are fabulous, the price is low, the atmosphere and service attentive.  No downside.Upstairs-  Incredible if you are with a group, and have a table in a good spot.   The area in front of the band is in a bad spot.  The kitchen doors are right by the band, so if you are in front of the stage, you have to dodge guys carrying trays all night.  Very awkward.  It seems to have a lot of great bands upstairs that don't sell too many tickets.   
Downstairs-  Overall typical of this type of venue.  Big floor, great balcony, a little tough to get a drink if the show is packed.  
During the week there's always a special on some kind of beer.  Otherwise drink prices are high, but not atypical of this kind of a place.
I never tried any food.
Seems to have one great band after another upstairs and downstairs all year long.one of my favorite places in philly!  I've been here three times, and it functions as so much -- the upstairs features local or new artists, usually free or a small cover charge, and the downstairs is a true concert venue that brings in musicians from everywhere.  the upstairs is this mesh between a restaurant/bar area and has a low stage which is great b/c if you're sitting close enough, you'll be right next to the artist.  the servers are always fun and outgoing, and the drinks are great.  food is pretty good, could be a little bit cheaper. def a spot to hit if you want live music and  good night out.  make sure to check the website to see who's performing and cost before you go.As far as I am concerned the CUSTOMER SERVICE there is horrible! NOT TO MENTION the FALSE ADVERTISING LISTED ON THEIR WEBSITE when getting ready to purchase tickets. Pay close attention the part where they say you can save $2 in cash only to show up at the box office and be told that there is still a $3 processing fee and that it will cost you extra if you pay by credit card! 
Another misrepresentation is that the price of the ticket is listed at $25 under the artists show but when you proceed to purchase tickets you are being charged $26 plus a $5 processing fee. BELOW IT STATES SAVE $2 when purchasing with cash at the box office. I was under the impression that I would pay $25/$26 not $28 or $31 by arriving to purchase at the box office. The girl sitting at the cash register told me it was a MISUNDERSTANDING. NO IT IS MISREPRESENTATION!!!!!!!!!
 I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE to ANYONE! 
I wasn't asking for a free ticket. I only wanted them to honor what was stated on their website. Instead, the whole experience turned out to be very disdainful. 
All I wanted was to easily purchase tickets to the ESTELLE show, an artist that I love listening to.  Instead my whole experience at WORLD CAFE LIVE was ruined by this one circumstance . 
See below for the disclaimer written on the website: wouldn't you think you were saving money if you went to purchase at the box office??
Just a note on false advertising: 
 "Any advertising or promotion that misrepresents the nature, characteristics, qualities or geographic origin of goods, services or commercial activities" (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.A.  1125(a)).
BET Music Matters welcomes Estelle "All of Me" Tour
Monday, March 05, 2012, 8:00 pm EST at  World Cafe Live
See Description 
Important:
All sales are final. There are no refunds or exchanges. Cameras and recording devices are not permitted. Showtime and supporting acts are subject to change. Please Note: Multiple attempts to complete this transaction will result in multiple temporary holds on your credit card funds.
Mezzanine tickets are assessed an additional service fee. These are priority seating areas with VIP amenities. For more information, please read the Mezzanine FAQ.
Dinner service is available for all seated ticket holders. For more information, please read the Dining FAQ.
Save $2 by purchasing your tickets with cash at our box office before show date. WXPN Member discount available by phone or at our box office.I saw a show at the downstairs venue.  It was much bigger than I thought.  The crowd was a bit rude--the girl sitting across from us brought her own food (yogurt!).  I'd heard that the sound was bad, but it was pretty good.  Most of all, the prices for the shows aren't that bad.  The staff were all incredibly friendly, from the box office guys to the door staff to the waitresses.  Maybe it's this way all over Philadelphia, but after the pouty if-you-aren't-famous-I-don't-have-time-for-you staff at a lot of LA venues, the WCL crew are a welcome change!Have been here for multiple shows - Nickel Creek, Lucius, Over the Rhine, poetry and story slams, and many more. 
It's a pretty awesome venue, with an upstairs and a downstairs stage. They bring great bands, and they serve good solid bar food and beers if one is so inclined.I had my first experience here to see Gilmore guys. I worked their merch table so I had the opportunity to experience this place as a volunteer with the act and as a spectator. It was a good experience! The managers were very accommodating in helping us set up the table and even printed a sign and gave us linen for the table. The downstairs space is beautiful and well laid out. I was a little nervous about getting forgotten by the server in our section but that did not happen. She was very attentive about our drinks. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is because of the food. It's INCREDIBLY over priced for both the portion size and quality. The drinks were very reasonable for the area.World Cafe (downstairs) is my favorite overall-experience music venue. Great beer, pretty good food, smaller venue, CLEAN, plenty of bathrooms. There are most certainly places in Philly with better beer, food, and stages, but none have all bundled into one little venue. 
Tickets really range in price depending on who you are going to see, from free to "I'm not paying that" a.k.a $50. The staff is always attentive and friendly. 
There are free at noon shows on some Fridays, and the upstairs also has an open mic night on most Mondays. They even have random themed meals, like the upcoming grilled cheese and beer tasting.
Overall, a great venue to make a night out of it: music, food, drinks all in one place.I am a huge fan of their free at noon concert. If you haven't heard of this, you should go check it out. You can see some pretty amazing bands for free during your workday. So far, I've seen Delta Spirit and She & Him, and I plan to go back for more shows. Luckily, I work right in the city and have some young friends who are willing to go out to a show during their lunch hour with me :).
The best part of the concert is that the place does not use it to push their food/drinks on the concert-goers. It is truly free. You just show up, after signing up online, enjoy the show, and meander back out to work. 
I've also been here for a regular evening concert, to see Sia perform. It was amazing, and we were easily able to get up close to the concert stage. Great venue all around!I have this theory. 
The theory is, that in any given nuclear family, there is a finite amount of talent, to be had. The fact that my sister is a genius and good at everything supports this. Consider Matt and Kevin Dillon, Sylvester and Frank Stallone and Eddie and Charlie Murphy , and you understand what I'm saying. Sure, you get the occasional anomaly like the Williams sisters or the Mannings' but for every family like that, there is one with zero talent, like Ashley and Jessica Simpson. 
My theory doesn't bode well, for our friend Michael W. I recently went to World Cafe Live to see Brian Aglira And Michael's brother Scott play a show, and they were fantastic. From southern Rock cover tunes, to blues to original material on a number of different instruments, these guys were musically on point. 
Seems Ive forgiven WCL, for a previous transgression against me. Years ago, in the early aughts, a younger, more streamlined version of myself, tried to get a job here, when it first opened. Needless to say, I wasn't cool enough to score employment at such a hip establishment, so I hightailed it out of the city, never to return. 
Until now... 
My loss. WCL is a wonderful music venue. Very intimate with great acoustics. You have to love a venue, where you can see the stage from the bar, or be able to have pork chops brought to you as you rock out. 
I didn't eat anything , but it looked good and smelled better and I made a note to come back for a meal , in the near future. The beer selections didn't wow me, but this wasn't the reason i came anyway. 
I recommend both seeing a show at WCL and checking out Scott and Brian, whether they are playing together or solo (your best bet would be in the West Chester area). And don't feel too bad for our buddy Michael. If my theory of family talent is correct, Michael may not be able to sing Happy Birthday, but Scott must not be able to string a comprehensive sentence together to save his life.Awful, awful service!  
Went on 4/7/17 to see a fantastic salsa band. The band Conjunto Philadelphia did not disappoint.  Too bad the same cannot be said for WCL!  The venue let in so many people there was no room to dance, there were people sitting on the steps to what should have been the dance floor. Those that did try to dance did so in between tables in the 'dining' area.  
Although we had a reservation, we were cramped into a tight corner table.  It took our waitress 20 minutes to get to us to take a drink order.  After that it took another 20 to get our drinks.  When our food arrived (40 minutes after ordering) the entrees came out first followed 5 minutes later by our appetizers.  No once in the next 75 minutes did our waitress check on us...she cheated herself out of at least 3 rounds of drinks.   
There are some great acts that play WCL...too bad management has not figured out that the crowds drawn by those acts require more than 2 servers.My husband and I had a great time relaxing and watching performers.  Great for a date. The setting upstairs is intimate and the food is better than standard bar fare.Good drinks (with decent beer selection) okay food, and one of my favorite concert venues in Philly!What a fun, relaxed venue!
I was here on Sunday night for the Matt Wertz/Elenowen show -- spurred by a last minute invite by my cousin who is Matt Wertz-obsessed -- and had a blast.
In the past, every show I've been to has been a squish-fest of sweaty bodies and loud, screaming music. This was a nice change of pace. (Though, I must admit, I sure do love those squish-fests.)
Anyway - I didn't try the food, so I can't vouch for that, but the bar looked comfortable, the bathrooms were clean enough, and the parking situation was a-okay. Ticket prices were also reasonable, and nabbing a spot in the front row was a huge plus.
It was definitely worth it to stay up past my workweek bedtime to spend a few hours here!I am kicking myself for not coming here sooner....upstairs area is awesome for sitting back and listening to good music, ordering food, and some drinks. Place isn't cheap but it's not crazy expensive either. I did not try the food but my boyfriend enjoyed his calamari. Good place to go with friends...I will definitely be back.Toot, Chap and I went here last night to see Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers. We didn't eat or anything, just headed right downstairs to the show. There is an upstairs dining area with DJs and other acts that play in that room. We took our spot at the bar at the back of the room and enjoyed the show. Not as crowded as last time we were here which is good and bad. Good for us as there was room to move and the barkeeps weren't going crazy, bad for RCPM and the club as I'm sure they both would have liked to have seen a bigger crowd. It wasn't empty at all, there was a decent crowd, but not packed. They had Victory Ale for $3.25 a draft, good price and good beer, with a fruity, orange taste. The band rocked the ***** out of the place and a great time was had by all. The staff at World are real pleasant and I've had a great time there both times I've gone. I'm sure we'll be returning for more good old Rock N Roll fun.Just went for the 2nd time tonight and I must say I definitely like this place! Great building, good sound system, and a SUPER friendly staff. $6 for a Corona bottle and $5 for Yuengling on tap isn't all too bad either. Still have yet to try any food but what I have walked by looks and smells pretty damn good! Great place to check out one of your favorite artists for sure.
Only complaint I have is that they allow people to stand all along the one bar (the ONLY bar) in the main venue. So every time you go to get a drink people have to move and give you a dirty look, when really you are the dumbass standing in front of the bar and not down on the floor where all 300 other people are lol, but they definitely shouldn't allow this, makes getting a drink such a hassle!World Cafe Live hosts "Free at Noon" concerts every Friday. It's so great!!! Live music is an experience that is like no other. 
The ambiance is great and so is the food. Head there one day and see for yourself.This place is just too awesome. A nice bar/restaurant on the ground level with occasional bands. A nice-sized basement venue that broadcasts shows live. And big name acts, too. Wow! You can't ask for more. Oh, yeah, the food is decent. Nothing super fantastic. My group had the hummus, meatballs, and crab biscuits and all were good.Top-notch venue and staff!
We had the pleasure of hosting a 50th birthday party at WCL recently and had a fantastic time!  Starting with the contracting process, through the customer service, food selection, and day-of/on-site assistance, the staff was amazing.  All of our guests enjoyed the food (a vast selection of appetizers) & drink and the live music by Damn The Torpedoes.  I highly recommend WCL for an evening out or a private party in the future.  A special thanks to Paige Zelnick for her professionalism and expertise!This place is great! I was there for a banquet and the food was unbelievable! I also love the ambiance and it is very comfortable. Good beer list.I've been here a few times now - once downstairs and three times upstairs. I have been going to check out the open mic on Monday nights @ 7:30pm. I still have mixed feelings about this place because the food isn't bad at all, but I have been receiving mixed service treatment. 
I enjoy the food and atmosphere at WCL. So far I've had the WCL burger which was tasty, but I like mine with a bit more pepper and if possible, it could be juicier. I know order fries is just asking for greasy food, but the eggplant fries were a bit crispy and greasy for my liking - nice horseradish dipping sauce though. The price of drinks aren't bad either.. $3 pints on Monday nights, I choose the draft over the $10 cocktails any day. 
As for the service, when it wasn't busy it was hard to get the waitress' attention and she forgot an order for my table. But when it was busy, they were able to remember all of our requests. Two of the times I've been there, I had to request some silverware after my food had been served. I might just be anal, but one last thing is I observed is one of waiters was cleaning the table and had sprayed cleaning solution on it while there was a silverware set on the table. Needless to say, it got all over the set and that's something the next person was going to use. 
I would still return because I enjoy the atmosphere and it's a nice place to grab some dinner with some friends.Stopped by here with some friends for happy hour and was initially disappointed at the lack of crowd and live music.  I've been here before to see a show downstairs.  The place has a wonderful atmosphere!  
This was the first time I stayed upstairs.  Happy hour prices are decent ($4 house wines, $6 Yuengling pitchers, $4 well drinks), so a few rounds were had by all.  We also ordered appetizers (select appetizers are 50% off during happy hour).  The french fries were delicious.  The chicken quesadillas weren't too bad - too many peppers for my taste.  I would return for dinner if I was ever in the area again.I'm still a huge fan of this venue and appreciate that there is a great place to enjoy a place to listen to new or well-known artists with intimate settings. I love that the food menu is usually more than just bar bites. Simply put, I've never had a bad time.This is a good venue for some low key nights. I came here to see a band "The Local Smokes" they were great but the only thing that kinda stinks about this place is the bar rule. They only let you buy one drink at a time, and the bar is SO crowded it's kind of a buzzkill to wait by the bar all night to get one drink. They should definitely take that rule awayWorld Cafe Live at The Queen is a solid venue. It is probably the cleanest, most well kept place I've seen a show. The downstairs stage has a lot to offer as far as atmosphere being that it is has much of the original structure of the original Queen Theatre. The bands always sound crisp and clear. The food is good (especially the nachos), but is a bit on the pricier side.An amazing line up of national and international acts.  Karl who books the club has great taste and is willing to take a chance on new things.  Check out the music even if you are not familiar with the performer.  It will never be bad and you may just discover a new musical passion!I absolutely love the World Cafe.  I've been there three times to date--twice in 2006 for two consecutive shows; Ben Jelen (with the Alternate Routes as his opener) and Will Hoge (with The Trews as his opener), and once in 2008 to see Ben Jelen (with Standard of Living as his opener).  The two times I saw Ben Jelen, he performed upstairs and that is my favorite part of the venue as it is the most intimate performance setting.  When I saw Will Hoge, he performed downstairs and my friends and I rocked the front row for that performance.  
 I have never made it to a Free at Noon show, but my dad has gone (to see Hanson...oh how jealous I was even though I had a meet and greet pass to their show at the Troc later that evening...I had no choice but to go to school that day and not see Hanson's free at noon show.  However, Taylor was happy to hear during the meet and greet that my dad had attended the noon performance).   
World Cafe also has great food, drinks, and desserts, so if you're attending a show upstairs, make sure to get there early enough to get a table close enough to the stage!  There are also tables downstairs but I am not sure if they always have seating for downstairs shows.  Regardless, I will definitely be returning to World Cafe Live and hope to perform at one of their weekly open mics sometime in the near future.Valentine's Day is always a toughie.  And after 20+ of them with my husband it can get REALLY tough.  But this one was fun! We went to the WCL wines of Itaplly dinner on the 13th.  Relaxed,  pleasant and interesting, WCL and Joseph Brandolo presented a delightful International Festival of the Arts Dinner. 
Prosecco had been already poured at the tables, as we walked in.  MIsto or Ribollita promptly appeared.  Each course, paired with a delightful Italian wine was carefullly thought out andthroughly enjoyed (though the Bucatini all" Ametriciana reminded me of spaghetti and meatballs...instead of rabbit loin served over Bucatini with Pancetta and Tomato).  
They've got more coming in April. I can't wait!As hard as it is to believe, this concert venue has a banging kitchen! Philly cheesesteak nachos, ahi tuna over rice. Both very tasty and well prepared. Service is there but not over baring. And on top of it all 25 ' from the stage!!(This review is for DOWNSTAIRS!)
The key to concert enjoyment for me, besides a great band putting on a great show, is seats.  Which is why I have always gotten Mezzanine tickets at WCL, and which in my opinion are worth it.  That way, when the band ultimately comes on a hour late, you are okay because you're sitting with a beer in hand.  Which leads me to... it is great that you can get food/drinks while seated in the mezz. In fact I've eaten here a few times now and it is really convient and honestly it's not terrible food, but sorta like Amtrak food it tastes reheated or frozen- on a normal show evening I'd say two-three stars depending on the particular dish. The one thing I love about WCL is that the employees, from the phone lines, to the front desk, to the guy who takes you to your seat, to the waitresses -  they are always helpful and cheerful.  Love it.I really like the WCL downstairs. The seating is ok and the sound is great. I've ordered food many times here and the service is never good. Upstairs the service is very bad and the music is too loud. 
Usually the food and music make up for the dim lighting, the wait staff not knowing the menu but Thursday night the food was not great either. 
So we had ordered by 630 - the place was only 25% full. The salmon was ok and the squash served with was iffy. The barbecue tips were sad and tasted like they came out of a can. Overall menu choices are not imaginative and little is the way of substitution for food allergies 
The waiter ignored us and the lady bartender upstairs was slow also. Happy hour is a bust when the bar is empty and the Bartender still doesn't serve you. The bartender and the waiter kept disappearing. The barmaid said the waiter is new. The service was so slow they made us late for the show. Also it's very difficult to get a cup of coffee at this venueI've been back to the World Café Live a few times since my last review and really need to reevaluate my stance. Of course your experience will have something to do with the concert you are seeing. During my visit a year ago the acoustics sucked and that impacted my experience. The acoustics were fantastic and I loved every moment of the Ben Folds show I saw yesterday; no doubt that played a role in my experience. 
It's hard to give a 5 star review to a place where your experiences can vary so greatly. However, looking at the venue as a whole, I think they are 5 star worthy. Here's why:
1) The venue is intimate. Both the upstairs and downstairs stages will put you right up with the action. 
2) The ticket prices are reasonable- especially compared with some of the competitive venues in Philly. 
3) The beer selection is killer. I know that's not why you go to a concert, but it's totally a plus. If the Susquehanna Bank Center served Great Lakes Commodore Perry IPA, maybe I'd go back more. (Nah, who are we fooling.)
4) The venue is easily accessible by public transportation, plus the parking options are pretty decent. I found street parking near the venue for $2.50 for the whole evening. 
5) The artists are wicked talented. Of course this is always varying, but I feel they pull in top notch artists. They might not always be the most mainstream or well-known, but don't ever doubt that you'll see a good show.
6) There are dining options at most times. The upstairs area is a restaurant that is on Opentable, has happy hour and live music. In the downstairs area, you are able to order food during most shows. I haven't tried the food, but I feel it's much better than a stadium style hotdog. 
Keeping in mind that each experience will be different, I will take the positives this venue has to offer, and will look forward to seeing shows at the World Café Live.World Café Live is the music venue that I wish other venues would emulate (especially as I am painfully experiencing other venues.  Please note I did not say the music was painful, but the VENUES.)
I met up with Blake F. there for a Friday show.
The food is always (incredibly) good at WCL. I got the black bean patty.  Blake had the tofu with soba noodle salad.  When I was finished, my plate was completely empty-a rare event for me.  Both dishes I would happily order again.  Plus I am a sucker for sweet potato fries.
I have never been to a show downstairs, but I find upstairs to be an all around pleasant live music experience.  
I like how they support local artists.  When my favorite local artist has a WCL show, I get super excited.  
(Yay-there will be a bathroom!  Yay-I will like the food!  Yay I will not worry about my parked car!  Yay-the sound quality will be good!  I could go on and on, but you get my drift...and I'm making myself sound snobby.  I can have fun at an event with porta potties)
Also, the venue attracts outstanding national acts (Charlie Hunter will be there soon.)
My only gripe is that the service always goes downhill once the music gets rolling.  But that is to be expected.Great venue for singer-songwriter type shows. And for anyone in West Philadelphia an easier place to get to than most.
I saw Patrick Park here about a year ago and despite having a crowd that was a mixers of diners and concertgoers, mostly seated at tables with meals, they were incredibly respectful and appreciative of the show.
I've also been for just meals, and it's a bit spendy but very good. Overall, a great addition to the University City area.I absolutely loved this place!! Drinks, entertainment & food in an intimate veryyy nice setting! I was actually shocked with the rock band I came to see, this place seemed pretty upscale! Like a cc restaurant. We were at the upstairs venue. Would love to come for a downstairs show next time. 
I didn't order food because I wasn't hungry but my daughter did & let me tell ya.. 1 bite of her burger & I was hooked!! Very large, cooked perfectly with melty American cheese & tons of crispy bacon. Excellent! 
Also our waitress / bartender service was great. Never had to wait. 
Only downside - the only way we were able to sit & eat was because we saw someone we knew. Otherwise , tho not very crowded, the seats were taken & those not occupied said "Reserved". Other than that - great experience all around!!OK, I'm kind of torn. The venue is great. Good acoustics, friendly staff, and as mentioned in other reviews the bathrooms are great. Unfortunately, the band I paid to see was only allowed to play for a little over an hour before the room was cleared for a another act.  If I'm dropping $26 for a band and $11 for a drink, I don't want to get bounced after 70 minutes. The band was visibly pissed, as they hadn't played Philly in years (and probably won't be back, and least not to WCL). Total money-hungry BS on the club's part.Great venue for live music & The Moth Story Slam events. Decent beer & cocktail options. Reasonable prices. Convenient street parking options outside, & very close to the subway.Venue is great and the acoustics are fabulous! I am eager to attend another concert asap! The upstairs is more intimate with dining and limited seats but you can get down and boogie in the downstairs venue.  Both spots are great all depends on who you are seeing!Very cute venue. I came here to see Simply Three and had such a blast. We were at the upstairs portion. Host was extremely nice and seated us right away (and without reservations too), service was fast, and my dessert was pretty good (I had the chocolate lava cake - moist and rich).
I loved the close intimate vibe the upstairs gave. It was small, but not too small. The sound quality seemed great. Can't wait to see what other bands come through here. I will certainly check it out again.I am probably biased. The only reason I every really go to WCL is when a friend of mine is playing. So of course it's always fun. 
I went last night to see the New York Songwriters Circle, always amazing, and sat at the bar. Hung out with a new friend, drank some (ridiculously hangover inducing) Sauvignon Blanc, and listened to some great music. 
The atmosphere here is great, it's like turning on xpn in your car except there are a lot of people around you enjoying food and beverage. I haven't actually sampled the food here, but I have heard really good things about it. 
The staff here are polite (!!! double points in my book...everyone seems to leave their manners at home these days) and the bartender, Josh and I had the same Middle School Alma Mater (Masterman represent!). And he didn't get annoyed with the two fairly tipsy ladies at the end of the bar giggling about every single thing the night had to offer us. 
All in all, I would say go! It's easy to get to, everything is moderately priced, and its a good time!Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 3.5
Value: 3.5
Nice and intimate location to enjoy a show while having above average food and drinks as well. A great addition to Philly's music and culinary scene.OK, let's just acknowledge that WCL is the coolest listening room in Philadelphia and that I've never seen anything like it in any other city.  It is truly a musical clubhouse where you never know what kind of interesting, eclectic music you're going to find on a given night.I'm torn about writing a review for WCL because the venue itself is pretty fab.  If this review was for venue alone, it would certainly be higher.  
Saw a story slam upstairs on a rainy Monday evening.  Despite the monsoon-like weather, the place was nearly packed.  My friends and I ordered some drinks and a bit of food, which is where things turned a bit sour for me.  Service was rather slow, and while I get that the servers were extremely busy, it seemed odd that there weren't more on staff this particular evening, especially considering the event going on.  
I can't say I was impressed with the food either.  My fish tacos were composed of some shredded and whole fish bits and lacked any sort of flavor.  My friend had the duck salad and she said that was good.  
While I'll definitely attend more events here, next time, I'll eat dinner beforehand.Flew into Philly from Scotland especially for the Proclaimers gig! It was so worth it - Charlie and Craig were superb, as always! But, the venue played its part as well - very friendly, laid back and helpful staff (especially the ultra cool Troy!); cool atmosphere and just a great evening all in!Disappointing.  
My Country Fried Steak was cold, the first time - gravy congealed, biscuits cold.  Ew.  They were nice about taking it back, but the second order was little better.  While the steak was hot, the biscuits were stone cold, still.
I also ordered the fruit salad and the watermelon was translucent (read: old) as was the melon.  
I like the music and desperately wanted to like the venue, but I doubt I'll be back.World Cafe Live!!! What amazing venue except for the fact that you guys allow people to talk during the entire show and ruin it for everyone else! People who have no respect for the artist or for the people around them. We've been to World Cafe Live many, many times and recently we have had the shows ruined by people constantly taking. We recently saw Dave Ramirez and had a group of girls who claimed to be with the band who did not stop talking the entire time despite being asked nicely via notes and in person. A wonderful venue has turned into any other casual place with people talking. Please check out the policy of Eddie's Attic in Atlanta. They call themselves a "Listening venue". Excessive Talking is NOT permitted!I go to shows at least once or twice a month, and it seems like about half of them take place at World Cafe. Lucky me!
Pros:
--Clean! Even the bathrooms are clean and spacious - many concert venues cannot say that!!
--Easy to get to on transit - just a few blocks from 30th Street Station and the walk has always seemed safe enough to me
--Food is good if you are at a show where that's an option
--Downstairs there's really no bad spot to sit/stand
--The sound is consistently good
Cons: 
--Cocktails are a little expensive at $10-$11 each, although they are tasty and have fun music-related titles. I would just love it if they were half the price - then I could order twice as many :)
--Upstairs if the show is crowded with people standing, you may not be able to see while seated at some of the tables. Nevertheless, I do recommend making a table reservation for the upstairs shows if you can.
You can see I'm really fishing for cons... this place is pretty swell and 100% recommended by me.Favorite place to see music in town!  Downstairs, WCL brings in great musicians and, despite my sense of awe for their talent, I feel like I'm sitting in their living room and they often act like they're sitting in mine (last night's performer got the giggles on stage).  It's informal, yet the sound is always perfectly balanced and at just the right volume.  
I just saw Morcheeba and basically had a spiritual experience.  The entire audience was with me on that I'm pretty sure. But the most memorable show will always be one that I won tickets for.  It featured Tao Seeger (Pete's son), Paper Birds (amazing group of 7 from out west), and Philly's own Mark Silver and the Stone Throwers.  I took a blind date who turned out to be 100% creepy.  A band-and-a-half into the show, Mr. Creepy made his exit and I stayed to enjoy the rest.  There were six other people sitting at my table and as it turned out they had been quietly observing MC and I all evening.  So when MC walked out, they cheered and welcomed me into their group!  That night they also inducted me into Philadelphia's official Ultimate Frisbee League, which I joined, and I now play frisbee (very very badly) with nice people year round.  That's the kind of place World Cafe is.  And did I mention the music that night was incredible?
Food: good, not great.  Killer grilled cheese though.  I recommend lunching here.  The dinner fare isn't really worth the price, but it's nice to eat food sometimes when you're seeing/hearing wonderful music, so whatever--eat dinner there too.I was here to see Art Alexakis of Everclear.  Such a great value for the tickets. Like 70 bucks for my friend and I to get seats in their classy upscale mezzanine.  The drink prices were reasonable. 7 for cocktails 3 or 4 for domestic beers.  Candlelit tables, couches, great acoustics and sound system. This is my ideal type of venue to enjoy a night out.  Oh! And their apps were tasty too.  If you see an event you are interested in don't hesitate to check it out.WCL is a pretty tiny venue, so that makes for a good view of whoever you're seeing. The downside of it being so small is that it gets hot quickly and for shows with a big draw they don't generally have seating.
When the upstairs is open for food, it's pretty decent. However, last night there was an event upstairs and everything was blocked off. They also didn't have *any* organization for where the Will Call area was. Usually it's upstairs but due to the event they moved it downstairs, and it was clear that they had no idea what they were doing. The line took forever and they literally moved from one place to another while people were waiting for their tickets. It was just very unorganized.
If possible, I recommend getting tickets for the mezzanine. The acoustics and views are the best from up there, and they usually have more tables and chairs up there.This was the venue for an after party for a conference. It was fantastic. Great craft beer selections, including victory, breckenridge, chimay, dogfish head and others, on tap or in bottles. I had some sweet potato fries that were delicious. Then, the music started. I happened to catch Rubblebucket Orchestra with Agent Moosehead and it was one of the best live shows I've ever seen, hands down, for only $10. It was amazing, fun, clean, and the service was impeccable. I will be back.I enjoy going to shows here but am continually annoyed by the decor.  When it opened, I was blown away by how badly it looked inspired by the set of "Friends" and other mid-90s themes.  Basically, if my mom was asked to design a concert venue for XPN it would look like this.
Other than that, they bring great acts and the shows I've seen (Josh Ritter, Greg Brown, Rhett Miller, and others) have always sounded great.It had been a long, long, long time since I'd been here. I blame time because I forgot how great this place really is. Don't let the same thing happen to you! This has been a Public Service Announcement. 
Anyway, it's interesting how having a table to listen, watch and hear music can make the whole thing a lot more relaxed. The waitress was really attentive and could've come by slightly less. Sometimes it felt like she was eyeing are table to figure out whether we needed anything the same way a dude checks out a woman with giant knockers (less than subtle). After the show ended, everyone stood around for a good 30+ minutes chatting away, but the staff didn't seem to mind. 
The women's bathroom was also super clean, which somehow surprised me. According to my amigo, the men's bathroom was clean too. So don't hold it when you're here. 
FYI: there's plenty of meter parking in the area but remember to bring quarters. Some meters are old school and some you pay at the kiosk with cash or card. Just make sure that you check the signs to avoid getting a ticket.i went to a neat event here. and the space is cool. great way to see a show of any kind. but when asked if we had a reservation, we said "no" and were told to sit at the chairs or the bar. never offering us the option of putting our name in for a table. after about an hour, i went to see if putting our name in was a possibility. and it was. now there are many names in front of ours. being valentines day, i understand that everywhere may be busier then normal. but when looking around to see if a table was freeing up, all i saw was people sitting. finished their dinners, not even drinking. just watching the performances. with all these people waiting, they should have been ousted from the tables sometimes after they were finished. something like "sorry to be a dick, but there are many people giving you the stink eye for your table"  just because you ate here, you cant own the spot for the night. my friend and i had to leave at intermission because we were so hungry and getting crankier by the minute. when i walked out, i checked and saw there were still 4 people in front of me. so, the chances of me ever getting a table were slim to none. im sure it was just a stupid valentines day snaffoo. ill give it another shot and update. but loved the building and the vibe,They have an eclectic mix of live entertainment and a solid selection of beers here. Parking is sometimes a pain, but I always have a good time here. Also, super close to the 30th street station if u don't want to deal with driving and parking.I've been to one show here, in the downstairs venue, and I really enjoyed it. I will definitely be back.
The show I saw was an 80s tribute band called Weird Science (http://weirdscienceny.com/). If you like the 80s even half as much as I do, you will love this band. They do all 80s songs, & they REALLY bring it. Incredible show.
But about the venue itself. Great big space, lots of room to dance, good sound. But I need to remember from now on--earplugs for concerts. I'm too old for the ringing in my ears the day after a show!Great place to see a show.  Horrific service though.  I saw a show upstairs and the sound was great.  However, I sat there for about 20 minutes at a table before being approached by the waitress and the upstairs sections was fairly empty.  If I hadn't already paid for entrance to the show; I would have gotten up and gone someplace else.  Then they lost my food order.  I ordered a very easy meal (that was pretty bad) and it took over 40 minutes because they lost the order.  
My advice...go see a show and get a drink at the bar.  Don't sit at a table or eat here.Probably the best venue I've ever visited.  I came here to see Locksley and Butch Walker spring of '10.
Upstairs restaurant with a great bar, and live music while you munch.  Down a couple flights of stairs past a radio station and behind 2 sets of double doors lies an amazing venue with seating on the floor, and upstairs (if you choose).  The bartenders are friendly, and drinks are $7 a pop.  The acoustics are fantastic, no one smokes, and you won't stick to the floor.  
Great area behind the venue (2 flights down) where the bands park their bus / van, made it easy to meet and greet.  I sat on the stairs and watched the fans line up and hug and take photos with Butch.  Always cute.  
Love love love this venue.  Cant wait til another great act plays here.  And only 2.5 hours from DC. easy easy driveI love World Cafe Live as a venue for seeing shows, but I'm consistently disappointed by their food offerings. In theory, I'm happy with the "dinner and a show" idea. I just wish that there was more variety and more healthy offerings on the menu, and that the food they do offer was executed better. 
The last time I went to see a show, my food was very disappointing. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, the pork was very fatty and the sauce was not good. I ate barely half of my food, despite the fact that I was starving. Service was also very uneven and it was difficult to find my server. There was some confusion because my party was seated across two different tables - I ended up receiving a bill for the other people sitting at my table, despite the fact that we had dined separately. 
The World Cafe brings great acts to Philadelphia and I really enjoy the ambiance. But if they are going to require me to purchase dinner along with my tickets, I'd like to see the kitchen step things up a notch!i like this place. it's fun, young, good food and service.I enjoy coming here for their smaller concerts and being able to have a drink and not have to worry about bugs or the likes. their eggplant fries are decent, but skip the calamari - (it's not worth the amount you pay for it)I've heard the World Café Live broadcasts on NPR, and I enjoyed my visit to see a band in the spacious downstairs area during my visit to Philadelphia. Bought my ticket upon arrival and the acoustic room on entrance level seemed nice and intimate. The guy sounded great too. 
The downstairs area is a nice size room for an Almost Famous up and coming band, and the sound is amazing. I saw Ohioans "Red Wanting Blue" there, and fans of the band got an intimate show while still having the capability of a big room sound. Good selection of craft and local brews, and it was nice to meet the band outside the room after the show.The upstairs area can suck if you don't get there early. They sell standing room tickets but there is no standing room! So basically if you don't manage to reserve a table (but can get a ticket) and don't get there like an hour before you're screwed.World cafe Live venue gets 5 stars; great place to see a band but its mostly catered to the xpn crowd. Downstairs venue is the large room, excellent acoustics and sight lines. Upstairs is a different beast. bartenders and night manager can be full attitude and negativity. Listen, if you don't want to do your customer service job, then go to another field and don't give me attitude for your laziness and general hating your life. The female bartender ignored a couple customers and snapped when asked questions. I think ordering from a waitress (they're great and don't acts like divas) is the way to go. 
Night manager kicked people out w/ gruff and attitude. 
The food... It's higher end bar food but pricy. Dunno... $12 for avg wings are steep. Overall, between negative interactions w/ upstairs attitude. I give them 3.8 stars really. 
Just avoid the upstairs bartender (female) and get a set from a nice waitstaff person.Wings were really good however our server took forever to return. We got our food and didn't see her as if she went on a 25 Mom break and we were ready to go.  I had to ask another server to get her.  When she did come I told her we would like the bill and a box. She then proceeded to leave and hen came back to wait on someone else and hold a convo with them. I said miss I asked for the billl she said yes I know. I will be with you shortly. Needless to say her tip was $2 that night and we rip heavy ask the Bartendar for the three drinks we had prior to dinner.I have been to World Cafe Live several times. I have never been upstairs but downstairs is great. The food is good and the sound is fantastic. Another review mentioned a mandatory food purchase but I have not experienced that. Perhaps it varies with the different shows. I saw Levee Drivers play for a small crowd and my sister and I only ordered a couple drinks. The best thing about World Cafe Live is the music and the opportunity to see artists- some are well known and some lesser known. There is not a bad seat in the house and the music is great!Visiting from out-of-town, my treat was Mother's Day brunch at WCU. We arrived near the end but did not experience the 'we're out of that' one frequently finds.  Coffee and food were good & nicely presented. The BEST part was the band - LP Stiles Trio (great jazz). They sounded very good in the space and actually played at a volume appropriate to the venue - loud enough to be lively but not enough to drown out conversation. You in PHilly are privileged - go hear them online at http://www.myspace.com/lpstilestrio   or live at the Rusty Nail in Ardmore PA 6/27.  We bought the CD and are still delighted with it a month later. These guys have got the groove!I always have a good time when i come out to shows at world cafe live.  The bands are generally really fun, and the supper club atmosphere upstairs is really kind of great -- you are sitting with your drink and maybe some food at a table watching some nice nice music.  The drinks are fine and the food is pretty good and they have happyhour specials.  That said, do NOT order the veggie version of the burger (mushy chickpeas and grain concoction).  My friend also wanted me to say that a broken toothpick in his sandwich almost impaled him. The hummus platter pretty good though, expensive, but enough to share.  I'm on the side of those who like the design of the space.Half-decent food, but a fantastic music venue. We went to see Jann Klose and Elliott Smith upstairs on 12/17/08 -- ordered the Rainbow Trout and Grilled Sesame Tofu. We liked the Grilled Tofu [tasted like BBQ teriyaki] which came with soba noodles. The fish, however, was forgettable; unsavory breading masked  the dry fish within. Both entrees were not a price/quality bargain.
WCL's blend of tasteful decor and lucid acoustics commands 5 stars. All the seats upstairs allow for an intimate connection with the artist's music. Alas, the food [price and taste] is the star-stealing culprit.I came here Friday night for the Donavon Frankenreiter show and was impressed by the open space.  He played downstairs to a decently full crowd that supported the artist really well.  Beers were a little expensive but I wasn't coming for them so it worked out well.  It was nice going to an open show in a fun environment; everything about the space made the vibe from the show that much more enjoyable.  Sweet joint, looking for another show to come to!Gabba Gabba Hey!
I don't know why the Ramones popped into my head when I wanted to write this review, but it did. This is a pretty awesome venue. Unlike some other music venues in this city, you can actually order a meal here while watching your show (except I've never done that, but the opportunity is there to be had and it seems like fun!). 
In addition, there are two floors with two different stages, which is pretty freaking cool. The shows are (generally) priced fairly. And while not a lot of great bands come through here (except for the free at noon shows, which I have yet to catch)I have seen some really righteous bands play here.
I have to say though, the beer is ridiculously expensive. I don't have to drink Pabst at a show, but when they cost 4.75 I definitely won't. Even my beloved Lager is 5.25. They have a special beer on tap that is only 3.50, but sometimes you just aren't in the mood for that. 
All's I is saying is that if you don't wanna be a pinhead no more, have a couple drinks before the show you go for...Wen to see Jamestown Revival.  Used Yelp to reserve table/seats. 
Event was SRO.  
Many standing directly in front of band obstructing my view.
Stage should be 2-3 feet higher.Downstairs at World Cafe is one of the best music venues in Philadelphia.  
Great sound, beautiful room, professional staff, excellent bar, and pretty decent food menu.  It's also connected to WXPN so it's safe to say that many of the acts that come through are pretty solid.  Free at Noon on Fridays is a great way to see an up and coming act and grab a nice lunch time beer.
I actually had my wedding here and it was a fantastic event.  The team that runs the events is well organized and didn't seem to mind our questions and critiques that came up along the way.  They took care of everything and allowed our DJ to connect directly to the house sound system, so this definitely saved a bit on the DJ cost.  The room and the lighting is so nice that we really didn't need to blow too much on decorations or flowers.
While some people have mixed reviews about the food, it was nothing but rave reviews for the wedding.  The craft beer for the open bar was also a hit.
Definitely worth a visit for a show or maybe your future private event.My first time to this venue to dine and hear music.  The acoustics and the group we went to hear were incredible.  The small-ish room (upstairs) made this a very fun and intimate place to hear a great band.
The happy hr. ($8.00 for a pitcher of Yuengling) and $6 glasses of wine are a good deal.  I milked the beer for most of the next 2 hrs.  So, about $2.00 per beer at that price.  Wine choices are not great.  Just have to get there before 6 p.m.  Even 5 min. will work.
The service from the hostess (awesome hair) to our waitress (who I believe was managing the whole room!!  Great job!) and bus-guy server - were absolutely terrific.  Could not have been warmer or more genuine folk.
The food is a slight notch above pub food.  Our shredded pork sandwich with coleslaw was a 3.5.  The petite filet was a 3.  Fries were a 2.5 for both sweet potato and real potato.  Did not try the eggplant fries (??). 
So a really great find for a nice and not too expensive night out.  Some nights they have no charge music.  So for quality music at a great venue this is a full on 5 star locale.  And a gem that its in PHL.  Go here now!!