Awww man! Wrap shack by my office!!! W.S. will always have a special place in my heart!
On a rainy afternoon, we came here for one thing only, TOTS!! I was surprised to catch such a big crowd on a Tuesday~ but I guess it's so close to the hospital, it's pure convenience for everyone who works there and those with a tight schedule. 
The tots were fantastic! Can't go wrong with cheese wiz, sour cream and chives!  Our server was also the nicest! 
The low ratings so far got me concerned.. but I sure hope they're here to stay! Hope they carry over those pitcher promos from the rittenhouse location!Wrap shack has incredible service. I've ordered wrap platters from them several times for large group events and they are always accommodating and deliver on time. The food is wonderful and has always arrived hot! I've been so pleased with the service that I've experienced and would recommend Wrap Shack to anyone. Great service and quality when you eat in at their locations too!I read some reviews before I went for lunch today about the other location and quite a few people said their wraps were bland which is exactly the way I thought when leaving there about my chicken fajita wrap. The service was amazing as well as the location and the atmosphere. Also the tater tots were tasty. I may return since it has an expansive menu and try something else but it will not be first on my list.Order the Freeman and Tots...it came out in a few minutes hot and ready to eat...it was delicious and complimented it with a nice IPA from the tap. Definitely recommend if you're in the area!The staff was extremely friendly and attentive! However, the Thai peanut chicken wrap had absolutely zero flavor and the overly roasted peanut sauce was extremely oily. The buffalo dip was great that came with the shrimp wrap, but the wrap itself had more gooey eggplant than anything and the shrimp were mushy and tiny with little
to no flavor. If your claim to fame is a wrap, then what happened!?! What a MAJOR disappointment, considering the fact that I live next door. Forty-one bucks for two wraps and an appetizer sampler!? Pshh-no no 
#HeartbrokenI have been coming to this wrap shack a few times during the week. It's close to my job and I thought the food would taste great. My experience every time is awful. The male bartender is always rude, the food is never what you ask for and the owner is just as rude. I will never come to this wrap shack again. And I suggest all that work in this area. To not waste your time or moneyEnjoyed a lovely dinner last night.  Service was excellent and no problems with noise level.  Happy hour beer selection was very good as were the Philly cheese steak rolls.  Chicken wings were grilled, not fried which was a real plus. We will certainly return.If your not a meat eater, or Big bar seen person. Choose another spot, vegetarian beware, the food here is mediocre at best.Great food. Great drinks. Great staff. Great atmosphere. We had lunch here recently and will absolutely be back. It's a great place to meet up with a group of people and enjoy some food, or just come to watch the weekend football games!Ordered for delivery and it came way faster than anticipated. The food was subpar. The sweet potato tots were ok, but tasted like they were under done. Didn't try the sauce that came with it.
I got the buffalo shrimp wrap and it was pretty bad. None of the ingredients were fresh and there was so much sauce that the entire thing was so soggy, it was hard to eat. Took two bites of the shrimp and it ended up making me sick. They're generous with portions, but quality of the food is terrible.My husband and I stopped in at the end of a day wandering the city.  The name made us think it was a borderline fast food place, but we were starving so we went in.  They have a very nice beer selection.  They have the best fried pickle chips either of us have ever had.  I had a soft shell crab wrap with shrimp that was delicious, and my husband had the fried chicken sandwich.  It was all delicious!  We are so glad we wandered in!  I highly recommend this place!Definitely worth a visit. Besides a nice bar selection, their wraps were amazing. I had the chicken parm wrap and it didn't disappoint at all. My gf had a burger, and it was enormous and delicious. You could tell it was char grilled and juicy. The buffalo chicken spring rolls were good also, although a little dry. But a good taste nonetheless. I would highly recommend this place. Staff was nice. The only drawback would be limited seating.Such a cool place that I accidentally found with my boyfriend while walking around Philly. We got the Mac and cheese, 15 wings and bacon fries. We inhaled the fries and wings. I didn't love the Mac and cheese because there was crushed pretzels on top of it which was interesting. It's different but didn't love it. Everything else was delish and the service was great! Cool to go to for some bar food and a drink. They also have tvs to watch sports games on!Tasting notes:
-Sherri special with spinach wrap and grilled chicken: hot, crispy, sizable spinach wrap filled with deli-style chicken breast, a little tomato, provolone, and lettuce, and just enough honey mustard to be tasted. I appreciate that the wrap came hot and wrapped in foil, but the balance of the ingredients needs a bit of work. I wish the chicken was chunks of grilled chicken breast instead of deli slices. 
On the bright side:
-There's a Jefferson discount of 10% 
-It's a solid place to grab a sit-down lunch
-Their menu is pretty extensiveAlaina is the absolute best. My friend group loves this bar for their food and drinks and location but Alaina makes the experience! She is friendly, energetic and accommodating and a staple of this location!I had the lamb gyro sandwich which was great. Others in my party had a hot turkey wrap and the wings, both of which were very good. Are you looking for some good food, decent choices, and reasonable prices?  Then put this spot on your radar.They have the best shrimp tacos ever had. The service was amazing , friendly , fast , & over all wonderful. First time here , just walked in off the street , but will def be back & soon !!!Tried this place out for lunch, I have to agree with many of the other commenters. The wraps are just meh. I'd be more satisfied at Taco Bell down the street.Got the Buffalo Chicken wrap (it was the special for $7). I requested mild sauce since I'm a wimp like that. When I opened it up, the wrap fell apart. And wayyy too spicy ! What a hot mess. Couldn't eat itAbsolutely loved the smoking hot bar back from this summer. Little blonde guy was a total beef cake :)I had the Thai chicken wrap and it tasted pretty decent but it was VERY OILY. The chicken was ok I got cayenne pepper on the side which made it taste a little better. My wrap was also falling apart because of the oily peanut sauce. The wraps are pretty big and the staff was super friendly. I would try this place again but maybe a different wrap.Friendly staff, but the food is extremely subpar. The atmosphere was nice and also smelled like old mop water at our table by the bar. 
My girlfriend and I ordered the soft shell crab wrap and the chicken and cheese quesadilla. The food came out within minutes and looked like it was prepared by a 5 year old. The wrap broke apart within seconds of picking it up. There was no flavor inside the wrap. The quesadilla was cold and had no flavor. The cheese tasted like old American cheese slices that barely melted into the wrap. 
One star for the friendly staff and alcohol selection.New guy running the place is brutal. Gave me the wrong order, and when I called them he said they were waiting for me to call and had the right order waiting for me. I told him if I was walking back a mile and a half just to throw some tater tots in there to make it worth it. He then proceeded to charge me $6+ for the tots...after already charging me for a wrap that was now cold after having to walk there twice.Have to give credit where it's due. Went there this past Saturday morning for some lunch hung over from the wedding the night before in the city. Our bartender(black hair, forget her name exactly) was very informative of the specials and her favorite menu items. Food was awesome. I'm in the industry as well and some people deserve a positive review over negativity. 100% will be back when in the area.Went to this bar last min because the bar that my wife and wanted to go to the card machine was down. This place great the bartenders are really fun and cool prices are not expensive but downtown parking is a bitch so definitely take a Lyft.Went here with 11 people, all 11 people did not like their wrap. Way to expensive for poor quality and taste. They need a serious reinvention of ingredients, chefs, and food sourcing. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Management please fix, we all want to like the place. Their tater tots were the only thing good.Finally, a happy hour for us night shifters! Great selection of beers, yummy breakfast- served early. Will be frequenting :)Walked in just to watch the Alabama-Auburn game. The bartenders were really cool guys. They conversed with us about the game and about Philly, while making sure we were doing good. We had a couple of ciders, a chicken wrap, and a chicken tandoori pita wrap. We also had chips and guacamole. The food was excellent! This was a low key place to grab a drink and a bite to eat. Glad we stopped in!Had take twice so far...first order too much salt on the food. Gave them a second chance idk how the chefs confuse a soft shell crab wrap with beef ‍ and they even wrote on "soft shell" on the wrap.They open early-7am! And there's an early bird happy hour 7am-9am (perfect for early risers/late to bed'ers like myself). Half price beers! Also good for night shift hospital workers. Breakfast burritos are perfect. LOVE this place! I'll be back.Wrap Shack's atmosphere is amazing. For living around the corner this is my go to spot for drinks, dinner and to watch a game.  The fish tacos are to dieee forrr. The kitchen is open till 2am i think and a great place to hit for a drunk bite.  We had a group of 8 here for dinner and drinks and the staff was very attentive and always checking on us.  When the windows are open in the summer its a great spot for a quick bite and happy hour. Way better than the one in Rittenhouse.Stumbled across Wrap Shack a few weeks ago and I am hooked. It has become my go to when I'm in need of a cheap meal and or I don't feel like cooking. On Monday nights I believe all chicken wraps are $7 and  you live near l center city area they also deliver. They have a $15 minimum for delivery and I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes for my food to arrive.  When I have dined in the staff is super attentive and very nice. If you're looking for somewhere to catch a Phillies game and get inexpensive meal Wrap Shack is a place to go.Ordered food this evening, everything came to me perfectly and still hot!! It estimated 55 minutes, got to me in 20! Fast but delicious food!!Staff was really nice, but other than that I wouldn't go back here.  Where to begin. We walked in and the front of house staff and bartender were super nice.  But there are so many bar stools at the bar its almost impossible to get up and leave, if it was full I do not know how you would get in, the chairs have zero room between them.  On to the drink list.  The only draft beer less than 5 dollars is a 4.50 yeungling, which after tax is almost 5 dollars.  The bar 2 doors down gives you a shot and beer for 6.  Every other beer is 7 dollars, including beers that through out the city are 5-5.50 like Harpoon.  On to the food.  Ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and my gf got the Asian Peanut Chicken wrap. The buffalo chicken wrap does not come with lettuce so I added that.  Well the food came out in about 3 minutes flat.  My gf said her's was a little warm and mine was down right so hot I had to open the wrap and watch steam POUR off of it for a solid ten minutes.   I could not get the wrap to close up again because the wrap it self was stale, it was crunchy at some parts and was broken at one end from wrapping,  and my gf was done before the chicken was cool enough to eat.  Honestly though who wraps boiling hot chicken up?  Let it cool, prep chicken before hand maybe and give fresh wraps out.  All in all I would not return here.Wrap shack is open at 7am for a post-shift drink and breakfast on Mondays and Fridays! The service is wonderful, the food is delicious, and - MOST IMPORTANTLY - the happy hour prices are unmatched by any other local early bar in the city! The co-workers and I were able to unwind, laugh out loud, and enjoy some quality food and drinks!Let me start by saying this place is awesome. Came across this location on my way to a different spot. The service was wonderful, had a very enjoyable conversation with the bartender ( shout out to my man E ). Did not have a chance to try anything off of their menu... However the friend that I was with me said that the food he tried was very good. I will be trying their second location and I'm sure I'll have just as much fun. If you're in the area check them out... And tell E sent you.Great service... we were greeted with a smile as we walk by the bar a guy was putting a happy hour sign out inviting us in and us being from out of town (DC) seem like a great place for drinks. We sat on the patio drinks and food came out super fast perfect vibes for a thursday afternoon Working in the business I appreciated the service keep it up.Last night a group of five of us had reservations at a restaurant next door but had a bit of a wait.  We went to Wrap Shack where they certainly know how to treat their customers!  When we went back to the other restaurant for our reservation we decided we liked Wrap Shack and went back for dinner!!  The mac and cheese and salad was so good!  They were attentive and courteous and did whatever they could to make the time there enjoyable!  Dan was and awesome bartender and the manager, Tina?  Was great.  Went back the next day for lunch and the wrap was tasty.We got takeout, and it was awesome. The food was ready quickly and the order was perfect and it tasted great. We got the sampler appetizer, and it was outstanding. We also got the tandoori chicken wrap and it was excellent.
I got the Mediterranean salad and it was tasty as well. 
It was a great experience for takeout.Great wraps and such a large selection! They have good daily deals too ($7 chicken wraps today). The wraps came out so quickly. Jefferson discount too! We will be back, highly recommend.Ironic that this is called the "Wrap Shack"  since it was about the worst wrap I've eaten. There was no care or craft put into this wrap, just thrown together unfortunately. The southwest I ordered was really nothing but old chicken and bacon, a tiny sprinkle of lettuce and tomatoes and cheese. The ratio of meat to toppings was completely off. Every bite was just meat and tortilla wrap--the sauce wasn't even appetizing. Our wraps weren't even wrapped correctly, just sloppy with us trying to keep the food stuffed in. We were very hungry and was met with dissatisfaction. Quite disappointing to be called the Wrap Shack when you make mediocre wraps. 
The service was meh, and just a whatever type of vibe. I really looked forward to a great wrap, especially because I love wraps! Don't let it be a waste!Came here for lunch the other day. The ambiance was relaxed. I got a fried chicken sandwich. We got tator tots that had a tangy sauce that accompanied it. We also got Philly cheesesteak egg rolls. These had a good flavor that didn't skimp on meat. The fried chicken sandwich to me had a higher breading to meat ratio, which was a bit of a turn off to me.I have had nothing but phenomenal service from this restaurant. The food is consistently hot, delicious, and comes out super quick! The price is so cheap for such quality food. I do have to say my favorite part about coming to wrap shack is definitely the service. It's usually seat yourself which could be concerning, but their staff is so on top of coming to greet you with menus almost instantly. Keep it up wrap shack! I can't say this for some of the other restaurants in the area!Good atmosphere.  Grilled garlic and parmesan wings were best I ever had.  Good service as well!Place is phenomenal...was expecting a shake shack vibe...but no, full bar and great drinks/bartenders!!I could not be more disappointed with the portion to cost ratio. For $10.75 you get the the tiniest amount of guacamole... I'd roughly 1/2 of an avocado!! Are y'all insane? Maaaaybe that would make sense if you came over and made it in my kitchen, but this is ridiculous!This place is AMAZING!! I stumbled upon this place. Most of the time when I would see anything with the name"Wrap" or "Shack" I would steer clear BUT...the menu outside the window was enticing. I sat at the bar and enjoyed every moment. You have to try the cajun shrimp tacos were so good! Lots of flavor and a twist to a typical taco! I recommend the corn tortillas. The wait staff and manager are hospitable and entertaining. The bartenders Sy and Nikki are the bomb! You gotta try this spot. You won't be disappointed!The average price of a wrap is around $7-8. Wrap Shack charges just under $10. I saw the reviews and thought I'd give it a shot, since the pictures looked pretty cool. I ordered the Thai chicken wrap.
Now, this wrap supposedly comes with chicken, broccoli, lettuce, and a Thai peanut sauce. Who doesn't love Thai peanut sauce? I know I do.
I got my wrap--looked good, pretty huge, and guess what? No Thai peanut sauce. To anyone reading this--do you have ANY idea how terrible the combination of chicken and broccoli tastes when it has no seasoning or sauce to bind it together? Answer: terrible.
I had such high hopes for Wrap Shack, but as I sit here eating this awful, bland mixture of chicken and broccoli, I know I won't be returning. Show some care, guys. Not a good look.Surprisingly one of the few places around the Thomas Jefferson center city campus area that has its kitchen open past 1 am. My friend and I came for some fries and ended up splitting a burger too. 
The fries were very thin, flimsy, and cold. The burger gave us a stomach ache right after. We still finished it since it would be a waste to toss. It was cold when we bit into it too. The bun quality wasn't the soft type but wasn't exactly dense either? The airy type. It was kinda whatever in terms of a typical burger. 
The music was pop 2000s. The vibe was weird. We probably wouldn't come again. Didn't really feel that welcomed to begin with.Great Happy Hour on drinks & Apps.
We needed some food on the tummy to keep on keeping on. Stumbled across Wrap Shack and I was very pleased. Sat at the bar and order the $5.95 Buffalo Chicken Spring Rolls. The were really tasty...sauce was yummy and not too much; cooked nice and crispy. Our bartender was super nice. They had $6 well and $6 beers and $3 off their specialty cocktails. This was a good find in Philly!Good food and service, go and see Liz, Allara, Kenny, Efe, or Heather they won't disappoint! The business owner Scott also does an amazing job at keeping a well maintained bar with good food. Try the South West Wrap, Cajun Chicken sandwich, or philly jalapeño roll and you won't be disappointed!I've been here twice for lunch and enjoyed my meal both times. Their portions are extremely generous and it's good quality. 
The first time I had a salad, the chicken on it was deliciously grilled and all the ingredients were fresh. The second time I had a cheesesteak wrap that was on special and side of their plain tater tots. I could eat tots all day long so I may be biased, but they were delish. 
The service can be a little slow when you first down, but both servers were very nice, familiar with the menu, and quick to refill drinks. 
I haven't tried any of their drink options since I've only dined at lunch time, but they seem about average in creativity and price for the area.They serve breakfast burritos (I mean, "wraps") all day. The burrito is super simple -- just egg and provolone -- but you can add bacon, like I did, and I'm sure other things. 
PROS: all day breakfast, good bacon-to-egg ratio
CONS :it definitely needs some seasoning, and the egg was a little overcookedDefinitely the worst wrap I've had. The wrap itself was dry and stale, or kept on the grill too long. The chicken tasted like grease. They forgot my dressing on the side. Not the experience I was hoping for considering I've heard the food is good.Keeligh and Rob are my family away from family! Talk about a dynamic duo. Working in a bar across from one the largest hospitals in the city, I'm sure they get their share of hardships, rough for ware families and less then chipper medical staff. They have never once not smiled or asked about someone's day, laughed at a poor joke or offered an ear to a girl down in the dumps. My absolute favorite place, they just complete the package.OMG  THIS SOFT SHELL CRAB WRAP IS BEYOND AMAZING!! I ordered on DoorDash and had my food in under 40 min and it's absolutely amazing! Wrap shack wth you been all my life?!?  sorry no pics available I demolished this food!I really wanted to love this place. Food is absolutely disgusting. How can you mess up a wrap? How can u destroy a taco wrap!! Literally Taco Bell can create a more delicious wrap for 1/10th of the cost. No flavor. Thick slimy congealed white substance in the "meat". I was so hungry I ate the wrap that didn't have meat touching it. The meat tasted spoiled! Whatever that means! Even the 'mustard' that comes with tater toys is tangy nasty! 
Service was good. But man, spending $10 for a wrap that I literally threw away was criminal. Trust these reviews: I hope they do something about the kitchen. Food is absolutely nasty.Great Happy Hour on drinks & Apps.
We needed some food on the tummy to keep on keeping on. Stumbled across Wrap Shack and I was very pleased. Sat at the bar and order the $5.95 Buffalo Chicken Spring Rolls. The were really tasty...sauce was yummy and not too much; cooked nice and crispy. Our bartender was super nice. They had $6 well and $6 beers and $3 off their specialty cocktails. This was a good find in Philly!This place is located near the hospital and strolled in there while caring for a loved one. The service is top notch. The workers went out of their way to learn everyone's name they were serving in my party and showing compassion for our difficult time for being in the area. The food is a 4 to 5 star arena with the philly spring rolls being the largest hit in our party. Most importantly, the beer was super cold on a very hot and humid day. Thanks Wrap Shack- I'll be back soon!I came in to watch an NFL playoff game. Tons of TVs (7 or 8) so you can certainly see anywhere you sit. The food I is pretty good. Beer list is pretty mediocre and expensive ($7.50 for a goose island ipa and $5.75 for a yards pale ale on special). I'd come back if I want to eat during a game.I just visited here a week or so ago for the first time. I got the grilled chicken, pesto sundried tomato wrap. And I must say, I wish it was served cold. Something about this wrap being warm just didn't sit right with me. I think it's my own personal hang up. My S.O. gets the cajun shrimp tacos. And they smelled so good. Even the next day, he had leftovers and I was little jealous. Their truffle fries were not good in my opinion, way too oily and not enough flavor. No bueno. Overall, I will return with the intent of getting a cold wrap instead. To make up for my mishap.This place is everything. I can't believe it took me so long to come here. The bartenders/servers are on their game, friendly, and welcoming. The happy hour and specials are some of the best in the city, with space indoors and outside seating. And whether you feel like watching sports (multiple tvs with games) or listening to great music (classics to pop), there's a little something for everyone. I've found my new neighborhood go-to spot.i loved going here on my 30 min breaks. I definitely catch stares but it's convenient and close to my job.  the tator tots are delicious + they travel well and the beer is cold. nonchalant but it's chill. im almost positive they sell cases too.Wrap Shack is a convenient spot for late night/drunk food. We stopped in on our drunken walk home one night, around 1AM, because we saw they were still serving food. There is a full bar and a separate dining area. The bartender was super friendly and made us feel welcome. We ordered a chicken quesadilla, sweet potato tots, and a gyro. I've never had sweet potato tater tots before and they were really good. However, my quesadilla was extremely bland (even after a few drinks). Although the food seemed meh, it came out quick, and as mentioned before, service was excellent. I'm sure I will be back whole adventuring home another night in my future.The best sports bar for any occasion. Nicole is one of the most charming bartenders in Philly. The menu is top notch but the atmosphere beats everything. Definitely get fries with cheese, utterly amazing. The wraps are amazing, especially the Lupa. Don't forget the Philly cheesesteak egg rolls.Most miserable staff ever. The overweight guy that served my friends and I couldn't of been more rude and unwelcoming. Never gave us utensils or checked on us once to see how our food was(we were the only table in the restaurant too). The food is also extremely underwhelming, kinda sucks the wraps don't come w fries or chips. Don't waste your money on this placeSince Little Pete's closed we've been looking for great food after a night out. We decided to check out the new Wrap Shack on 11th. It was open and serving food at 1:00 am. The bartender and staff were incredibly friendly. The food was delicious and actually felt healthy. We will go back every time we're in that neighborhood late night. After a night of drinking the cheesesteak spring rolls hit the spot!The food was just okay, my waiter was really great, but I was really annoyed because during COVID there's only outdoor seating and a group of young kids crowded around a table, like 8 of them taking up a table for four (standing in the sidewalk blocking people,) and they lit up nasty cigars and were smoking them and nobody at the restaurant said or did anything. Kinda ruined my meal.This is a great spot to stop by and grab a bite to eat or just order and go. They are pretty fast with theirI got a softshell crab wrap. I wouldn't exactly call it a wrap. It was more like three small soft tacos. 
The taste was pretty good. I feel like the crab was fried a bit too long, but the flavors were there. You get a nice bite of crab and shrimp with each taco and it's pretty refreshing as well. 
Truffle Parmesan Fries is more like regular fries and a sprinkle of Parmesan. Would NOT recommend at all.
The Philly Jalapeño Sandwich on the other hand was delicious. Crisp, well seasoned, and only thing I can ask for is some more flavorful jalapeños.
I would definitely recommend getting something else with this because you'll most likely want to eat some more after this. Not really filling, but it was good.Came here for lunch on a weekday and it was fairly busy. I ordered The Lupa, which has breaded chicken, cheddar, pico de gallo, lettuce, fajita sauce and chipotle mayo. You can have it in a white, whole grain, spinach, or tomato wrap. I got spinach and it was pretty good overall. The breaded chicken was a nice crunch, but it was all on one side of the wrap, so I would have bites of only lettuce or bites of only chicken. It was incredibly saucy, which isn't the worst. 
Overall, it was a good tasting wrap, but I wouldn't want to pay $10 for it.This is a great spot to stop by and grab a bite to eat or just order and go. They are pretty fast with their orders. I got a softshell crab wrap. I wouldn't exactly call it a wrap. It was more like three small soft tacos. 
The taste was pretty good. I feel like the crab was fried a bit too long and you don't get much flavor. You get some crab and shrimp with each taco and despite the lack of flavor from the crab it was pretty refreshing. The shrimp, on the other hand, was well seasoned.
I would definitely recommend getting something else with this because you'll most likely want to eat some more after this. Not really filling, but it was good.Good lunch option. Food is good. Like the menu variety too! There are occasional order mistakes without resolution which can be annoying such as the incorrect salad dressing or no ketchup with fries when ordering takeout/delivery.Such a great spot to go and hang out, super close to jefferson hospital. Loved everything about this place from the drinks to the food to staff. Highlights were the Buffalo bites, bacon fries, and spicy watermelon margarita. Can't wait to add this place to my rotation of going out in center city!!I order my Thai Peanut popper for how many times ,But today I was so frustrated,they gave me a spicy sandwich.can't eat spicy ,my sandwich is too spicy and also I got a Cajun spices on the side,which I am little bit surprise ,,lol I called them right away to tell them what I got,The Lady on the phone said What they can do for me,I said Nothing I don't want to walk with 40 degree  from 8th and market to go to 11 st.No choice to throwed my wraps..Hope next time they need to be careful....Food is pretty decent here.  I go for the shrimp tacos normally. The smoothies are good here as well. I would recommend if you have any special instructions for them to call or they will most likely get ignored when ordering delivery. Staff is nice.Was just okay. Got a chicken wrap and it was just plain shredded chicken with sauce.  Thought it would have had more flavor.grub hub review*
Was a little disappointed with my Grubhub order from here. I was a little hungover and wanted something delicious to help cure my hangover. Ended up deciding on a buffalo chicken wrap on wheat. To hit the delivery minimum, I added sweet potato tots. The wrap was okay, the sauce was pretty good and the blue cheese was decent but I could've used more. The caramelized onions weren't what I considered caramelized but again okay. Wish I would've added some lettuce and tomato. It definitely needed something more.
Tots were delicious but they left out the honey mustard sauce. Overall, I think in terms of delivery, they could do better. Food was worth it though and I'd just go eat in person next time.Usually this place is very solid for all types of food but we decided to not get our regulars and try something new and we wound up being a little disappointed in our meals.  To start we got the buffalo chicken egg rolls which were very good.  For dinner we got the cajun chicken sandwich and the Scott Louis wrap.  The cajun chicken sandwich I will never get again.  The chicken wasn't great, there was barley any onions, and it just tasted like a piece of chicken with cheese on it.  The sandwich did come with fries that were crispy but had no seasoning.  The scott louis wrap had a different sauce as it was a mix of buffalo and BBQ which was good but very spicy.  All in all, we tried new things on the menu, were pleased with some, and others we decided we'd never get again.  This place does have great happy hour drinks and apps so If you do end up going, my favorite is the Philly Jalapeno sandwich!We came here for a late night snack (fries), but I ended up getting a beer and a burger that we ended up splitting. The burger itself was pretty heavy and gave my friend a bit of a stomach ache, and it wasn't even that good... The fries were not that bad and the beer was a normal tap draft. We really only came in since they were open past 1AM, but I don't think that we'd return for a second late night go around.Lot of confusion with picking up the order. I was turned away as Wrap Shack "did not receive the order" that was already paid for and could not prepare it since they were unable to find the transaction. A few phone calls later, it turns out the order was ready to be picked up the whole time, but unnecessarily took two trips due to poor service. The wrap was average (mediocre in flavor at best) and definitely not worth the hassle.Wrap Shack is my go-to place when I need a quick meal with friendly faces and large TV's.  Mondays are the go-to day with their discounted menu.  The wraps are toasted and it never disappoints.Very unsatisfied I spend 8 bucks on an ok Burger, and $13 bucks on wat is supposed to be Crab Mac and cheese but there was no crab, totally not worth $23Bad customer service on the phone. Realized after the fact this was a bar not a restaraunt. Wrap was decent but arrived not as ordered. Cold fries..forgot drink..a mess. No napkins straws or utensils.so me and my friend walked in here after leaving byblos. we saw a sign that said 4$ mixed drinks and we walked in.. The drinks were made very strong.. which is a plus.. the onion rings we ordered were good.. nothing to write home about... I didnt try a wrap but they selections they had were a plenty.. so I plan to go back and try one..The scene was really laid back and chill... 
Oddly we sat there a woman came in and ordered some food... I was like Oh she looks SO familiar.. you know that feeling you get when you know someone from somewhere but just can't place where.. So this guy sitting next to me was like oh I want to take a picture with her.. I'm like thinking to myself wtf is wrong with this guy haha... then he runs out when she's about to leave and I ask his friend who stayed in who was she.. and he was like YOU DON'T KNOW, that's RENEE ZELLEWEGGER.. I was like oh! I knew I had seen her before.. hahaha well that was interestingWasn't pleased with the flavor of the wraps purchased. All of my friends who ordered from here said there wraps were bland. The cheese fries were ordinary. We carried our so i'm not sure if the bar scene of the place is something to bring people back. All in all I would say it's not worth the money.This place totally caught me by surprise.  While it may look like a regular, run of the mill bar/pub atmosphere, the food is consistently delicious.  They have my favorite Jalapeño Cheesesteak in the city and their fries, wings, and cheesesteak egg rolls are addicting as well.  AND, they deliver!  If you are looking for some satisfying comfort food and a cold beer, this is your place.  Oh, and they have a surprisingly large amount of healthy veggie options, which my healthier friends have tested and approved.I love Wrap Shack.  
This is a great place to come for food and drinks.  I'm a huge fan of their Arnold Palmer Pitchers, iced tea, lemonade, and flavored vodka (i do peach, yum!).  It's casual and really laid back, a great place to escape a the scene.  
I always get stuck ordering the Scott Louis Wrap (chicken w/ bacon, cheddar, american, sauteed onions, mushrooms, and a mix of buffalo&bbq sauces) because it's just so good I'm afraid to try something new!  Be careful though, the wraps are always SCALDING hot!  Fries are good too, but not a must-order by any means.  
Come to Wrap Shack when you want to chill, eat some good but inexpensive food, get cheap drinks and watch a game with some friends.I've been here a few times and I've had a pleasant experience every time. I loved their chicken Caesar wrap and their buffalo chicken wrap. My friend had their gyro and said it was great! Wait staff was friendly and helpful. I'll definitely return and try more things on the menu.Good customer service would make such a huge difference. 
I called in for a delivery order and was sort of rushed through and put on hold a few times. It is a Saturday night so I understand that they were probably very busy, but they were not very nice about it. They said my food would arrive in 40 minutes. Almost an hour and a half later my food arrives, after I called to make sure it was on the way. The delivery guy was actually very nice. Too bad it wasn't the right order. 
I ordered a peanut tofu wrap and they brought chicken. I had to call again to tell them and they insisted that I had ordered a chicken wrap. I'm a life-long vegetarian and always very careful to make sure it is clear that I can have no meat in my order- so there is no way that's true. After a bit the guy on the phone dropped the 'tude and offered to send me a replacement order at no cost and said it would arrive in ten minutes. 25 minutes later it is here (same nice delivery guy again- who apologized for the mix-up). 
If I knew it would take me two full hours to get dinner I would have just cooked or gone somewhere. So much for the convenience of ordering in.....Soooo homophobic!!!!! They would not serve my boyfriend an I. We were there over an hour and we just got waters. I would never recommend this place especially for people that are gay friendlyMe and my husband popped in while waiting on a day party next door to start. What drew us in were the $5 drink specials and $7 buffalo chicken wraps. We snagged one of their outdoor tables and ordered. The waitress/barmaid was very prompt, attentive and courteous. I didn't know what to drink but she was able to make superb suggestions that fit my tastebuds. She made me a jack with peach and ginger ale. Pretty good for someone who had no clue of what to order. After mulling over the menu I settled on their chicken quesadilla for $9.25. The service was quick and the portions were unbelievable. For under $10 my husband's first statement was "I didn't even have to order any food. I could've shared yours." I was able to get my fill and still have enough to take home. The food was great and reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back. The wrap shack is a sports bar type of joint with a neighborhood feel where all are welcomed and they treat everyone the same. It's always nice to meet staff that are willing to provide delightful customer service. Great find!!Always a great time at Wrap Shack. From the outside it doesn't look like much but the food and drinks are top-notch.This is our new fave place to have a cheap yet delicious meal. They deliver, we have gone for dinner, lunch, happy hour, etc. They never fail, no matter when you go in you get the same consistent quality and service. 
I've been walking by this place for nearly ten years! It's cute inside, wooden benches/booths and beer signs etc. The servers are always friendly and great about refilling drinks. They also understand that sometimes you are in a rush at lunch. 
I love the sherry's special, if you dig honey mustard this is the sandwich for you! The mozzarella sticks are pretty standard, but the marinara is a little off. Everything else is stellar, I've never had a bad wrap nor have my girlies!Order delivery one water one soda ,,, I get nothing !!! I get a chicken wrap wraps broke soggy falling apart ,,,, salad was half decent wasn't fan of dressing but is what it is !! The I got truffle frys soggy wet in a ball tossed them in the trash rite next to the wrap !! Back to reality 
Food 2 star 
Guy on phone 4 star 
Delivery guy -5 wanted me to walk to him for the sodas he forgot!!A dive bar that serves wraps, and wraps only (okay, there are some exceptions, like their amazing sweet-potato fries). Strange concept, executed excellently. The one thing I didn't like was the amount of sauce in the wrap - a bit much. But other than that, I'm kind of at a loss for words, which isn't like me. Just go and order something - anything! It'll be good, I promise. (And if you think I'm wrong, you ordered something I wouldn't have.)First time tonight. A former co-worker loves it here so we went for Happy Hour and boy was she right! 
Awesome specials, a pitcher of long island iced tea for around $15. it makes a good 6 cups! and they are worth it! they dont mess with their tea! 
Their food looks great! i only had some fries (sweet potato) and they were amazing. im picky on my sweet potato fries but they were perfect, crispy but really soft inside and honey mustard for dipping, not what i would have picked but it was great! the cheese fries were so much better though, and the ones with bacon looked awesome! 
Def. going back!Just redeemed my free draft here while buying their new buffalo chicken wrap. Come here for lunch from time to time and their specials always make my lunch affordable and delicious. The staff is friendly and talkative, which is an added bonus.I ordered the chicken and honey mustard wrap with no tomatoes but my wrap came out with tomatoes. Fine but the wrap itself was not good at all. The wrap tasted stale and you have to buy fries separately.We ordered take out, which was delicious. But once we arrived, early, to pick up the food someone immediately checked in with us and gave us an update on how soon it would be ready. The atmosphere was really cool as well and I'd definitely come back for a drink inside.I went here for lunch on a Monday specifically for their $5 wrap. I had the thai chicken wrap. I found a table right away and found the service to be very good too. The wrap was a great size, delicious, and a great price with their $5 Monday deal. Would I get it without the $5 deal? Probably not. But I will definitely go back on a Monday.this place is AWESOME!!! u cant beat their prices, i usually get the steak taco wrap...amazing!!! it melts in your mouth, along w a long island iced tea pitcher ( they really make it how it should be), it cant get better than this for their prices!! love love loveOne of my favorite lunch spots. Always quick service and consistent quality. Maybe I'm just a sucker for a toasted tortilla shell but I always suggest wrap shack when my co-workers can't decide on a place.A great alternative for a center city lunch break versus eating at your desk. 
Service is friendly and attentive, very much a neighborhood feel. 
The food isn't over the top but it's inexpensive and hits the spot. 
I recommend the Thai Brocoli Chicken served spicy, the balsamic chicken portabella is a good second to that. The steak taco I ordered once was just okay. 
A lot of great beers on tap constantly being rotated.The ball headed bartender was the sweetest man I've ever met. He introduced me to the Soft Shell Crap wrap and I've eaten it every week for the past 2 months. It comes out warm and crispy.I had heard this place was great, but I wasn't impressed. Went for lunch, they have a lot of choices and a bunch of beers.. Wraps are pretty good size but don't come with anything else. Got a turkey club wrap and it was made with that cheap filmy lunch meat. Meh.I dig this place because it's unpretentious, in a prime location (contradictory? No.), and reasonably priced. Any of their wraps are good (although I wish they would put more filling in them) and their weekend brunch menu is inventive. They always have a great tap list and the owner isn't a douche bag (which means the staff is genuine).IPA Fridays..... Love it. Small cozy bar.
We went there Friday night for a quick drink, and loved it so much we came back on Sunday to watch the Superbowl. (REALLY delayed review...). The staff was amazing, very flexible on the drink specials - they had Jack and coke pitcher specials and let us have margaritas instead for the same price. 
We drank for several hours and the whole bar ended up as friends - it's one of those kind of places. eventually we ordered food, we were a party of 4 and ended up with a wrap each as well as some buffalo wings and fries. I would say the wrap I had was pretty average, but the wings were good and the other wraps had positive reviews. 
This place earns a solid 5 stars for bar, staff and atmosphere, with 3 stars on the food. Excited to go back for some drinks and fun!Wrap Shack is my favorite bar in Philly. Such a chill spot. Highly recommend the Scott Louis wrap (get it blended) and their chips & hummus app (they home make their chips and they come out warm w/ sea salt). The owner is very cool. Always playing great music - a few different times they've been playing some classic hip hop which I love (JayZ, WuTang etc). Rotate their beers often, and always have a good selection on tap - some craft. Cooler full of bottles that you can mix & match for take out. Lastly, they are on GrubHub so you can get delivery too. Go there today and this will be your new spot :)I've never actually been to Wrap Shack, but I've gotten takeout before. I got a smoothie and a vegan volcano wrap. I usually hate veggie wraps, because I generally don't like cold roasted vegetables in bread (really, that's a lame excuse for a sandwich) but this was not that!! It was broccoli, carrots, onion, zucchini, and black bean hummus, and it had a lot of flavor and texture going for it. It was a cold sandwich that was actually intended to be eaten cold. I love that it was already vegan, and I didn't have to remove cheese from my order and thus remove any shred of flavor I had a shot at. Good choice for delivery or a quick takeout order.This is the best find I have ever stumbled upon!  Holy cow we need to get one on the west coast please!  Great specials, such a great variety of food, and friendly staff.  Definitely would go back and recommend this to anyone in the area.Terrible.  This place gets one star because they're open til 10 most nights (apparently that's considered late in this city), and another star because they're located across the street from me.  Zero stars for food.  In fact, the food here is borderline inedible.  Not every wrap needs to be piping hot, people.  Especially when that means biting into microwaved wilting lettuce and about-to-spoil tomatoes.  Honestly, the ingredients here are horrible and you can taste it.  Avoid unless you're desperate.Beyond disappointing wraps - from a place called Wrap Shack.
Split a chicken parm wrap and a chicken finger wrap - neither I would get again. Though the chicken parm wrap was loaded with (chopped) chicken, there was no cheese. Chicken finger wrap was supposed to have lettuce and tomato on it. It came with barely any lettuce and very under-ripe tomatoes. Two of my friends ordered the chicken caesar (also had barely any lettuce) and buffalo chicken wrap which the chicken was burnt.This is a lunchtime favorite for me! I absolutely love the Thai peanut chicken wrap! The juicy Thai peanut sauce, broccoli and chicken come together for his amazing fiesta in my mouth! I've had a few other things like the tandoori chicken gyro, which was ok, and the grilled veggie which was fantastic. 
The atmosphere is a laid-back sports bar and I've done done-in and take out!  I would definitely keep coming back for my go-to Thai peanut chicken!We went there for Monday Happy Hour. $2.50 for Yuengling and $5 each for selected wraps and salads. One star for that. The wraps and salads were large, reasonably tasty. Not super flavorful but we in California are spoiled by fresh produce and I know that is hard to come by this time of year. One star for value.
The main reason the place gets 4 stars is the awesome bartender Jessica. Not only was she badass in her leopard print, but she took the time to write out a list of places for us to see as visitors in Phlly with a child. And then, when I left my cheap sunglasses in the restaurant, she chased us for 2 blocks in her miniskirt in the snow to give them back.
Jessica is the kind of employee every place like this should have. Go Jessica.I ordered delivery from here one night, and it was filling, cheap and fast. Decided to check it out last night, and immediately regretted it. 
Wanting a relatively quick bite to eat before a show, I sat at the bar with my friend. We found the only two seats that weren't marked with empty bottles or trash. Looked at the menu for five minutes before anyone acknowledged us, and when the bartender did say something, it was, "Be with you in a minute." Another five minutes went by. Another "Be with you in a minute." When she helped the people sitting next to us --who walked in after us -- first, it was time to bolt. I think I've done that twice in my lifetime. 
In all fairness, it was a Center City Sips night, and around the time that CCS ends (7pm), but I would have been more patient if the bartender was at all pleasant. Instead she was aloof bordering on hostile.     
Wraps, in general, kind of suck anyway.Alright wrap but was really unimpressed with the service.  My mum and I ask for the same wrap with added avocado. When it came out there was no avocado and no dressing. No big deal but when we let the waitress know she responded "well I ring it in its on there, maybe just thinking slices or avocado. And there's definitely dressing." She then went to the kitchen and brought out avocado and proceeded to say the cook had no idea what was going on back there ever, and that she thought he would be able to have doe a simple request like add avocado. We then got charged for the dressing side that they brought half way through the meal. A single.ole sorry about that would have been appropriate, no need to throw the kitchen under the bus and certainly no need to tell customers they're wrong because you pressed a button. Really off putting and I won't be back.Just stumbled into this place and am SO HAPPY I did! 
I ordered a spicy Bloody Mary and asked the (very nice, glasses-clad, adorable) bartender/server what her favorite wrap was-The Philly Jalapeño Steak-and ordered one on a wheat wrap. I am not a big meat eater but figured I had to live up to my request and tried it-DELICIOUS!
After moving here a few months ago, I have been looking for a little place near my apartment that reminds me of my favorite dive bars back at home. I think I found it! Though not technically a dive bar, The Wrap Shack is comfortable, dark and has yummy food and spicy drinks-close enough. ;)I stopped in for a quick meal before my work shift.  Sat at the bar and made friends with the guy to my left who is apparently a regular.  I took his suggestion to try the Southwestern Chicken Wrap w/ the dressing on the side and it was awesome!  I even ordered an IPA and my sandwich came out in the appropriate amount of time. Great service and prompt!Came back here again last week. Had the cheesesteak eggrolls. Those were pretty badass but they were a little on the small side. The delish spicy sauce it came with should be turned into body wash- I wanted to roll around in it. 
This time I got the soft shell crab wrap. Holy moly. At first I was hesitant (no idea why) but the wrap chef was there and said its very good. And he was right,  I was in heaven!! Lightly fried soft shell crab, grilled shrimp, sauteed mushrooms, tomatoes and cheddar cheese with our homemade creamy special sauce. soooooo goooood. the wrap chef even came out and asked how we liked it - two thumbs up!!I just ordered the buffalo chicken wrap (with Ranch dressing) and the chips with black bean hummus.  It was sooo good. My first time ordering from here and will do it again. :-)Didn't know what to think when I walked in this sports bar. Many of this kind have average bar food and a lot of TV's. This was different because my entree was delicious, (Philly Cheesesteak wrap). They have a bunch of wraps & burgers, (hence the name Wrap Shack). Decor was OK for a sports bar with some autographed memorabilia. I did enjoy talking with the bartender and regulars who come here at the bar. The regulars rave about the food here and keep coming back.In the mood for some standard American fare, the GF and I hopped on Grubhub and settled on the Wrap Shack. In literally less than 20 minutes, our food was delivered - how's that for speedy service?
Appetizer Sampler ($14.95)
Philly cheese steak spring rolls, chicken fingers, chips & hummus, onion rings, buffalo bites & mozzarella sticks
In the mood for some greasy goodness, we started off with the app sampler. There was a nice mix of freshly made tortilla chips - spinach and regular. These were delicious, though a bit greasy. The black bean hummus was smooth and garlicky. The onion rings were nicely battered and crispy. The buffalo chicken bites were meaty, but could be a bit more crispy. 
The chicken fingers hit the spot, with the accompanying sweet honey mustard providing the perfect dip. The cheese sticks weren't especially gooey, but it had plenty of mozz within and was nicely crisp and salty. The Philly cheese steak rolls were crisp, meaty, and cheesy. The accompanying thousand island dressing had a light spiciness to it that. Quite the sampler - regular readers know that the belly of this pig can't resist such an array.
Scott Louis Wrap ($7.95)
Chicken, bacon, cheddar, American, sautéed onions, mushrooms, blend of buffalo and BBQ sauce
I don't know who Scott Louis is, but this blend was interesting. The sweetness of the BBQ was accentuated by the slight heat from the buffalo sauce. The shredded chicken was nicely integrated with the mushrooms and the smoky bacon. Unfortunately, the tortilla wrap itself was limp and a bit wet. The wrap definitely could have benefited from being grilled on a flat top. 
Grilled Veggie Wrap ($7.75)
Broccoli, roasted red peppers, artichoke hearts, sautéed onions, portobello mushrooms, zucchini & goat cheese
The GF got the veggie wrap, which was also unfortunately way too wet. The veggies were hearty, but completely drenched the wrap. The wrap definitely needed some textural contrast. 
Unfortunately, the Wrap Shack's main attraction (read: wraps) need some overhaul. While the various ingredients may be interesting, the tortilla wraps need to be grilled in order to maintain some sort of texture.Nice atmosphere and good beer selection,  but the food is often greasy (buffalo shrimp and spring rolls) and a let down when everything else is good.BRUNCH..... UNLIMITED Mimosas... what more can you ask for? Food is great, mimosas are strong, staff is super friendly and attentive. TV's everywhere. This place brings the Funday in Sunday Funday :)Casual rittenhouse bar that has a huge menu of wraps and other bar food. Also known for their pitchers of mixed drinks.Great place! We had bloody Mary's which were very good (and I consider myself to be a Bloody Mary snob) and these were definitely tasteful. Their black bean wrap was also amazing. The bartenders were very nice! We really enjoyed ourselves!I'm not even sure how the food was because we never got served. After sitting for about 15 minutes, the waitress finally asked for our drink order. The table right next to us was sat and our waitress waited on them immediately. We never even got our ice waters. So we left.I have now had the pleasure of patronizing this place twice and my remarks will be in bullet points bc I have to start getting ready for work and time is of the essence.
-This place is your typical dive bar. 
-There are TVs with sports
-There are beers on tap
-There are pitcher specials with rum and every combination of rum and soft drink you can imagine, run about $20
-pitcher specials also include other shit like margarita and long island ice tea
-there is fucking legit-ass food here. Next to us was this broad who had ordered a quesadilla of some sort and it looked fucking DOPE. 
-I almost ordered a quesadilla, additionally the grilled cheese looked delish
-bc I'm on a diet I naturally went with the diet option of cheese fries
-fries were crispy and cheese was of the processed american type but gooey all over the fries
-i SLATHERED some franks all over that shit and shoveled it in my mouth
-it was delicious, one of my companions kept digging his fork and picking up way too big of a bite, I started getting pissed
-one companion got crab Mac & cheese, another the meat wrap, both appeared to be very satisfied 
-I want to mention again that the fries are really fucking good
I'd definitely come back if I was in the area and wanted food that will make me fatI know I should reserve 5 stars for the best of the best...but this place has been consistently delicious for the past 4 days, since I first ate here! 
it's not much to look at on the outside and that's probably why it's taken me 3 years to go inside...but Saturday night, we were looking for a quick bite to eat and Tria had a 30-45 minute wait...so despite the fact that I normally don't eat tortillas...in I went at the suggestion of my friend. 
Best decision I made all week! As a vegetarian, they have multiple options and all I can say is I'm hooked1 The portabello taco wrap on spinach is totally addictive, I'm pretty sure its the black bean hummus that seals the deal for me!   
My meat eating friends enjoyed their chicken wraps too, when we returned for lunch on Tuesday and on top of that they deliver all over the city!!! Were looking forward to going here for a happy hour, as they seem to have a fully stocked bar and reasonably priced pitchers!!!Camehere after hours for a pint...
Not being from the area, I stumbled upon this place by accident...
I was looking for a small comfortable bar where I could sit and enjoy a pint without any rowdiness or drama...
This place was it!..
The bar only sat about a dozen people and they seemed to be a sandwich shop during lunch hours, meaning that they weren't looking to be a loud college bar with a crappy band...
I sat and had a pint, and each time I neared the end of the glass, the bartender quickly and attentively checked in with me...
Yep...This is my place...Next time I'm in the area, I'll seek out this little gem...The wrap shack is a great, consistent place for lunch or  a low key dinner.  There are a variety of wraps that can meet any sort of dietary need, including some great vegetarian choices (check out the portobello mushroom, with a wonderful black bean hummus). For me, the buffalo chicken wrap is  a real winner, nice and spicy. I also enjoy the mozzarella sticks when I'm craving melting cheese. Service is friendly and prices are good.  Also a great location, right off Rittenhouse.The Wrap Shack is my go-to place when looking to grab a quick lunch & catch up with former colleagues. It's a sit-down restaurant but the service is faster than a lot of other counter lunch places (I'm looking at you Honeygrow!).
Although the Wrap Shack can get busy, I've never had to wait for a table, and they always find space for us. The staff here is super friendly and does a great job at welcoming everyone that comes in, while also promptly getting your food & drinks (and refilling drinks!). 
While I've only ever ordered the wraps & spilt a side of french fries for the table to share, I've been here enough to know anything you order will be awesome! My personal favorite is the the Thai Peanut Chicken!
If you're looking for good food, and if you need to get in & out quick, this is your place!I will write this without superlatives so you can decide who was right in this situation. Rating is solely based on experience and not the food. As you will find out I never got a chance to rate the food. 
Ordered $30 worth of food using Yelp (eat24), received confirmation email, and was told it would be 40-50 min. Called an hour later and was told the restaurant never received the order. The worker was nice and apologized but said he would put in the order right away and it would get to me in ~30 min. Okay, mistakes happen. Eat24 is down. Sure. 
Worker called me back 5 min later saying that the owner would not send out food that was not paid for. Eat24 being down, the owner did not feel comfortable sending food out when he wasn't sure he would be paid. 
Needless to say, the owner would rather me bare the brunt of losing $30 than him sending food out, most likely getting his money eventually, and perhaps getting a repeat customer. 
First time attempting to try this place so I'm not sure I will attempt again. I certainly won't be paying for food beforehand through Yelp anymore.One of my favorite spots in the city. They always have a great beer selection on tap and are decently priced for CC. Food wise, everything I've ordered has always been delicious. They're roast pork is some of the best in the city.  The atmosphere is great with a "cheers" type of feeling as I always run into a lot of regulars. The staff is great and friendly as well. I'll be a customer as long they stay open.No complaints what-so-ever!!! Excellent service, excellent food, sooo much variety!! We were trying to find a place for happy hour and stumbled upon the Wrap Shack! They have great drink specials. We had two pitchers of Long Island Iced Teas ($13.75 each!) and ordered the appetizer sampler which was perfect. They also have so many yummy veggie options--which is sometimes hard to come by. Also, they have flat screens everywhere to watch all the games. Would go back again and recommend it to anyone looking for a quick drink without the whole "crowded, rowdy" bar experience.So this place is convenient and that's the main reason I go here but ... 
They have every kind of wrap imaginable and they all have something in common = they all taste exactly the same! No matter what I order here it always tastes the same. 
In no way is the food bad, I mean its good eats but I like to taste the flavor of what I ordered! They are HUGE though and that's a plus.wow...ok so i walk by this place everyday before and after work and have been wanting to try it since my friend told me about their wraps. i was finally able to stop by tonight for the first time with some coworkers...after working all day, and then an opening event at the gallery, we decided we needed some drinks and food.
we chose to sit at the bar and were greeted by a friendly bartender. she took our orders, then came back and asked if we wanted food. she was really energetic, sweet and fun. i think her name is lauren. we ended up with a different bartender as we were finishing our food and ordering our second rounds but she was also really great. i think her name is lindsey. anyways, they were all pretty great is my point. 
one coworker ordered rum and diet cokes with grilled cheese and fries, which she enjoyed very much. other coworker ordered a southwestern chicken wrap and beer, which she also enjoyed. i ordered a couple beers and the bbq sliders. YUM! 
people are cool. bartenders are great. i will be making this place my go-to after-work happy hour/drink place! woot woot!Having tried a substantial amount of Wrap Shack's fare at this point I have to say that this place is an underrated gem. It is hard to go wrong with anything off the menu. The ingredients are always fresh and the wrap concoctions are the right mix of creative + crowd pleaser. 
While the food is consistently delicious, the service can sometimes be iffy. I've had 3-5 delivery delays/mixups. They tend to get insanely busy around lunchtime, or perhaps the staff is baked out of their minds. 
Personal faves: The Freeman, Chicken Taco, Thai Peanut PopperMMmm. For tasty, cheap, healthy wraps...go here! I got the chicken balsamic wrap. It was surprising to find mushrooms in it since I didn't expect that...but it was really delicious. The wheat wrap came toasted and warm, so that the feta melted a bit and tasted great in the midst of the chicken/balsamic/mushroom/onion combination. And! The portion was just perfect-- just enough for a filling meal. It was also really empty and the service was so quick. I will definitely come back here anytime I am in the area!A huge selection of wraps, both meat and veggie, on a variety of different flavors?  Sold.
Sure, there's nothing particularly groundbreaking about wrap sandwiches, but the menu is huge, so you'll find just about anything you are in the mood for.  I opted for the Thai Peanut wrap - filled with veggies, tofu, and yummy peanut sauce.  The tofu was a little soggy for my taste - but the wrap was definitely not skimpy on ingredients, making it well worth the price.
I'll definitely come back for more, but in the meantime, I'll give it three stars.   The smoothie and milkshake choices were tempting.You have to take this place for what it is. It's small, dark, crowded, and smells a little strange.  The food is creative and delicious and the drinks are cheap.  The service is always friendly and quick.  Could they benefit from a Swiffer and a Dyson?  YES but you only notice this if you go during the day :)I have been here twice and probably won't go back.  1st time ordered the buffalo chicken wrap, it was okay.  The tortilla was dry, and the chicken was a little funky.  The 2nd time I went I ordered the one of the vegetarian wraps, the name escapes me, it was better than the chicken wrap, but still not good enough for me to go back.I stopped in yesterday to catch the tail end of the Eagles game since Cavanaugh's was ridiculously crowded. There is something magical about a place where you can get pitchers of Jack & Ginger. The staff is super friendly and the pitchers of Jack are cheap. After splitting two pitchers of Jack, I was in need of snacks so I got bacon fries. Fries covered with cheese, bacon and ranch dressing. Sounds gross but was awesome. I mean, it was still gross in terms of the shame factor, but super tasty.Good when they want to be. Nice selection on the menu, as well as choice of craft beers. Nothing to write home about....but what's important is it will do the job.This is the scenario where I discovered Wrap Shack a year ago: Resentfully paid $15 cover to go to a lame club for a friend's bday. Needed cheap alcohol. Excused ourselves and went wandering. Came across a beacon of hope - a chalkboard sign beckoning us inside for $17 long island pitchers. And so the romance began.
IMO, there are three scenarios where Wrap Shack is a good bet:
1. When you're trying to get pretty drunk for cheap. $17 mixed drink pitchers and they make them strong. Bartenders are also really chill and friendly.
2. Grabbing a couple beers with friends before going out somewhere else. They have a good rotating draught list. It's not somewhere I'd stay for the whole night, though...maybe because it feels too cramped.
3. Lunch!! After drinking here a few times, my curiosity got the best of me and I had to try these wraps that Wrap Shack is aptly named for. Well, they're delicious! Huge, toasted, yumm...my favorite so far is the balsamic chicken.Loved the wrap shack when it had a shop in Old City. The Rittenhouse location has a bar which is nice....got a couple of beers and the buffalo chicken wrap. Perfect combination.  Very low key spot. Had a lovely time.If you don't feel like heading to Old City, or if you want to sit down at the restaurant while you eat your wrap, Wrap Shack has come to the Rittenhouse Square area!  
Just like the Old City location (truly little more than a shack), this place serves up delicious wraps.  The grilled veggie wrap was a bit of heaven, with big hunks of hearty grilled portabello mushrooms, artichoke hearts, squash, onions, broccoli.  It was wonderful.  
The location is casual, clean, and more cozy than any other fast-food place in the area.  Lots of dark wood--my guess is that it used to be a bar.
I wouldn't say Wrap Shack is a destination, but if you're looking for something fast but something delicious, this is the place.My experience of Wrap Shack is simply 'meh'. Wasn't bad, wasn't great. Not located close to me, so since my mind wasn't blown, I probably won't be back. Nothing is served with the wraps, which was a complete bummer. Not even a pickle. NOT EVEN A PICKLE!The thai peanut chicken wrap is great, as is the teriyaki chicken. I haven't tried others, but I keep eating those two.
Most recent experience: it was Cinco de Mayo, my friend and I didn't make reservations anywhere, and it was too late to get a spot in any of the traditional 'cinco' places (think: jose pistolas, starr hangouts, etc.), so we walked by the wrap shack, saw there was a bar, and that their chalkboard said something about margaritas, and we said hey, 'lets do this'
We got the traditional margarita pitcher, some DELICIOUS sweet potato fries, and had a nice long chat. The waitress was friendly, and we had a super time.
(I usually just get delivery, but if I have the time + some friends are around, I'll definitely pop in here again to hang out)I came here on a Friday night a couple weeks ago where 2 girls were working.
The one was on her phone as I was ordering drink, and they were more busy talking to themselves as opposed to the customers.
Generally speaking, I am not a complainer.  This place has decent food so the one thing that will have people coming back for more is the service. And this is not a club, so service matters on the weekends, especially.
I'm not sure if my friends and I will choose this place as a pre-game place again.Quick delivery! Food was on point. Ordered the cheese steak spring rolls. The flavors were great and the sauce was so good I saved it for another treat. I was stuffed after eating the first roll but forced myself to eat the rest because it was so yummy. Definitely worth the visit and a reorder!Pretty good wraps. Awesome buff chick salad. Don't get it delivered. It takes forever and the food is no where near the same quality.I've been in twice for lunch.  The wraps aren't amazing, but they're alright.  The service is friendly, and the prices are fair.  Not bad for quick bite if you're on the go in Center City.
---------
Update: Downgraded them from 3 stars to 2 stars because they don't honor their check-in reward for a free lager.  If you aren't going to honor your rewards, why the f^@& even offer them to begin with???Delicious. Try the buffalo chicken wrap and especially the sweet potato fries! Delicious and inexpensive. Don't listen to these snobs. It's a small bar with good wraps / bar food, relax people.Staff was super friendly, good beer selection (few ciders too!) wraps, salads, tenders and tots- all good.Wrap Shack is a bar and also has a wide selection of tasty wraps.  The Thai Peanut wrap and the Scott Louis are really good.  This is a good place to grab a quick lunch or a drunken snack with your beer.I went in for beer week this weekend and i've been wanting to try the food so i figured this would be a good time. I ordered the thai chicken wrap and my boyfriend had the chicken taco wrap. My wrap was very dry, i had to ask for a side of peanut sauce and my boyfriends was just ok, both were nothing to rave about. The beer selection was great, they had a tripple but then again it was beer week. The worst part was the bartender, the bald guy making everyone run around like crazy people. He made ignorant comments about bi-racial people and when a co-worker told him it was offensive he said he didn't care and that's just the way he is. He made a couple of us a the bar uncomfortable. i made sure to never order from him or even speak to him. I would like to try other wraps but the bartender has me thinking twice about coming back.i've always liked this place. recently they've overhauled the decor and i think they are confused about what they are trying to be. i haven't really been in there since they became a sports bar-cafe-bistro-smoothie stand but the handful of times i have been in, the prices were reasonable, the food was good and i left full. all-in-all a good spot to stop in for lunch.Had lunch here the other day.  Don't understand what the fuss is about.  The wraps don't taste good.  It's clear the ingredient quality is low.  It's not expensive, but you get what you pay for in this case.I went here with my Mom and another friend one day for lunch, and we all really enjoyed this place.  We ate in the Wrap Shack, but it's basically serve yourself.  We placed our orders at the counter, paid, and then went back to our table to wait for someone to bring our food over to us.  I got the Thai Peanut Chicken wrap on a spinach wrap, and it was really good.  It was just peanut-y and spicy enough, and I really liked that it had broccoli on it.  My mom got a yummy turkey wrap, and our friend got a tuna wrap.  Basically, the specialty is wraps, but they also have appetizers like fries and mozzarella sticks, quesadillas, salads, and smoothies.  Their wrap selection is pretty good, and it even includes breakfast wraps.   Finally, I really liked the iced tea that they sell (in bottles) because it does not have high fructose corn syrup in it.  Best of all, you can get a delicious, filling lunch for under 10 bucks!