The biang biang noodles with chicken and potatoes is in my top 10 list of things I've ever eaten. The chicken is so tender it falls off the bone. The sauce is spicy and super flavorful. The noodles are AMAZING, and the potatoes kick it all over the top. 
It's an interesting combination of Chinese and middle eastern flavors.
We also got the duck which I found to be a little dry.  The wonton soup lacked flavor in the broth. The wontons are ok, but the selling point for me is the biang biang! If you like spicy and carbs, just get it.As you can see from my previous reviews I'm a big fan of the Biang Biang noodles. And all things said, everything I've ever gotten from the place is good.
Today I ordered the Biang Biang for delivery. I put in an order in advance as I am working in an office , and put a time of " 4:15pm" and ordered it at 2:00pm. I got a call around 3:00pm asking if we wanted the delivery at 4:15pm or now. I told the lady we needed it at 4:15pm because we do not have an allotted lunch break until then. 
The delivery arrived promptly at 4:15pm which was much appreciated -- however, take a look at my newly uploaded biang biang noodles pictures. Every noodle is stuck together. I can pick up the whole bowl with one swoop of chopsticking. Either the noodles were not made fresh to delivery at 4:15pm and that's why they are stuck together ( which is what I suspect) or.. don't order this for delivery.Came here for the lamb skewer, it was not the best one I've had before. We ordered a cold rice noodle and an order of lamb skewer, it was not lunch time so our stuff came out fairly quick. 
The cold noodle, the noodle was too soft but the sour spicy seasoning tasted very good. I would give it 3.5 star.
The lamb skewer, it didn't have a charcoal taste, more of oven baked. The secrets of a good lamb skewer is having some fat part in between, it kind works like ribeye, the fat part adds on flavors. I would give the skewers 3 out of 5. 
The service was good to add a star for the overall experience. I was expected this experience to be more authentic. I've went to this restaurant in nyc and I liked that one much better.Real Chinese food! So delicious and make me feel in homecountry! Especially the "liangpi" and "dapanji", and the circumstance is comfortable, too. It's really a nice experience of food!Besides the fact that it seemed slightly awkward while I waited and the waitresses talked amongst theirselves, I ordered the Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles (soup). They pack it to go for me, and it was done very, very well. I went back to my apartment which took 45 minute due to the snow today and by the time I got back, my soup was still pretty warm! Perfect for warming up after being very cold outside. The pack the noodles separate from the soup, very neat, and the soup didn't even spill out or anything. I was impressed how delicious the soup was! Noodles went well with it too. It's more on the oily side, probably from chilly oil and maybe the pork fat (though I found the minced pork to not be very fat), so maybe that's why it seems so comforting and wonderful lol. It is definitely a great warm comfort meal. I would love to try their Chinese hamburger next time, which I hear is very popular.We got the cumin beef hamburger and spicy pork, both were bland. I remember one being better than the other but for the life of me I can't pin point which one. The bread was dry and hard and didn't taste like much. I think we needed up with the house special noodles as well and it was nothing special, also bland. I'm not from the area so I don't know what kind of taste they have but I've had better in LA. Considering I'm from the west coast it's safe to say I won't be back. I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't do it for me. There were a lot of people coming and going so I would try it and see what the fuss is if I was local and haven't been here.Being from Xi'an, my expectations for Xi'an food are understandably elevated. Xi'an Sizzling Woks comes close to meeting them.
What's good:
*The biang biang noodles are legit. Like super legit.
*The liang pi is pretty good. I've never been a huge liang pi fan, but this is pretty authentic.
*The service is friendlier/better than most places in Chinatown
What keeps it from getting 5 stars is the flavor. It's just a bit weak on some of the dishes (such as the chicken spicy pot flavor). The cumin lamb was decent, but lacked the punch that I've come to expect, from comparable spots.
This place is worth going to for the biang biang noodles alone. They need to spice it up a notch on the other stuff. If you're looking for authentic Xi'an food, this is as good as it gets in Philly.I love all the dishes I ordered. Very authentic Xi' an style restaurant. I missed this taste very much since I left China years ago. I would like to visit this place for brunch, lunch and dinner and I highly recommend this place to all my friends.Like everyone, after reading all of the reviews, I was pretty excited to try out the place. I walked into the place, and the service was just terrible. There were 3 waitresses around the small place. We were literally the only one there. I sat down at a table for about 15 mins. The waitresses were standing around by the cashier. After finally getting the waitresses' attention, I stood up to give my order. 
They forgotten the water and did not bother with asking whether or not we needed anything. I  ordered the biang biang noodles that was SO hyped up based on yelp reviews and the chicken with garlic sauce. 
The food arrived. No water. Did not even bother to ask if we needed anything. 
The noodles were tasteless and the chicken with garlic sauce was edible, but very salty. 
I would not recommend anyone to go here, especially when there are so many other restaurants in Chinatown with more options for Xian style cuisine. 
Disappointed.Somewhere between a 3 and 4 stars. I wasn't very impressed with the food. I ordered the cumin beef burger, biang biang noodles, hot and sour soup, and the spicy sour minced pork noodles for delivery. Everything was pretty bland and oily.
However, the delivery was very quick and neatly packed.I think I'm in love. Xi'an is one of my favorite Chinese cuisines. Located in right in the heart of China, Shaanxi province (where Xi'an food is from) draws noodles and oils from the East of China and Arabic spices and foods such as lamb and bread from the West of China.
I arrived at Xi'an Sizzling Woks running in out of the cold and was quickly ushered into a seat. The server returned several times to check on my order, though once the food was delivered he disappeared and was hard to flag down. The decor of the restaurant is functional, hole in the wall. Not great for ambience but a positive if you want them to spend money on the food instead of the wall decor.
Everything I had was great:
* Chinese burger was delivered with juicy, flavorful meat and warm, soft bread
* Liang Pi is a noodly dish that smushes together the gluten that has sloughed off the noodles. The texture is something wonderful and the spices and oils blend together into a fantastic adventure for your mouth. It is a bit on the spicy side, so be aware. I would never pass on ordering this one
* Biang Biang noodles are a great combination ginger and scallion and something else? The flavors feel subtle at first, then not. Yum.
* Bubble tea was bubble teaI had a fantastic meal at Xi'an Sizzling Woks today. My friend who is from an area close to Xi'an in China recommended this place as one of her favorites in Chinatown and, boy, was this good. If you like spicy food but aren't into the mood for sometimes numbing Sichuan food, Xian food might be just the thing.
We went there for lunch and ordered the Sauteed Spicy Chicken & Noodle (大盘鸡拌面) and Chinese Chives Pie (香煎韭菜盒子). This was just the right amount for two people... bordering on being too stuffed to finish all of it! The noodle dish is made with the wide flat noodles, chicken, potatoes, and bell peppers all in a spicy sauce. The Chinese Chives Pie comes in a set of two and is a flaky pastry filled with egg and chives -- very easy to eat.
I am so happy and the price is not bad (about $30 for the above menu split between 2 people) at all. Will be back the next time I'm near Chinatown!
Two things to note about this restaurant:
1) You can pay by credit card but they won't let you split the bill -- bring some cash or Venmo if you go with friends.
2) You can order free hot tea instead of just water if you'd like.Authentic Chinese food.
You want Sweet and sour chicken go to the thousand of other restaurants in the area. Don't come here, you won't like it, and all you will do is jam up this small place with your ilk.
Excellent real food. You won't find dry noodles or duck sauce here.
I had the fabulous manager, who was so sweet and helpful order for me. She couldn't do enough for the customers and wanted to share her enthusiasm with all the customers.
I received a very spicey huge bowl of soup. Holy cow, this was spicy, but delicious.
The manager then brought over a HUGE plate of almost a roasted chicken, with Potatoes, Wide Noodles. This too was super spicy but very good.
Next time, I will go ALL IN and order some amazing very authentic food, like Pig Intestines...mmm good!
Fatty says... yes!I recently ordered takeout from here and I may have just ordered the wrong thing but my dishes were very meh. I got the Chinese Hamburger with braised beef and it was just alright - definitely on the dry side. I also got the lo mein which was too salty for my taste. Not a very representative order though so I would just recommend getting some of the other higher reviewed dishes.Good Chinese food that deserve to be tried but the bad service destroys everything...！I can not understand this rating.  It is absolutely disgusting. No flavor and tastes like it was sitting under a heat lamp for the past hour.  There are numerous restaurants in Chinatown that far surpass for the same price. I will NEVER order or go to this establishment again.   Very disappointed in the quality and taste of food.It's not often you come across a restaurant that offers really good food and Xi'An Sizzling Woks is one of those.  It's a great find in Philadelphia Chinatown.  We were at Xi'An Sizzling Woks twice this past week and plan to go back with friends to share this great find.  
This restaurant offers cuisine from northwestern China that tastes authentic  and delicious.  There was a certain sense of "integrity" to the dishes we tried meaning they tasted true to the cuisine they represented and as a diner you taste this integrity right away.  The food tastes made from scratch.  You will not go wrong when you eat here.  
For those not familiar with Chinese northwestern cuisine, spicy food is a big part of the cuisine so Xi'an Sizzling Woks offers many dishes that are spicy, but there are also those that are not, such as the lamb and rice and tea-smoked duck. If spiciness is a problem, ask the wait staff when ordering.   There are also dishes that are described as "mar lah" which is a combination of spicy as in hot along with a numbing sensation.  This is quite unique and may take getting used to.  Once acquainted with  the taste of mar lah, it can become addictive.  
Must haves are the two starters we tried:  the Xi'An "hamburgers" offered with beef and pork fillings were delicious and a great way to start a meal.  The Liang Pi is another great starter; it is a rice noodle dish served cold, dressed in hot chilli oil with a refreshing vinegary accent that keeps you wanting more.  
For entrees, the tea smoked duck is one of the best I have had - moist, yet crispy with the duck fat well rendered so it is not greasy.  The double cooked pork is again one of the best I have had.  The pork is double cooked pork belly which is crispy and chewy but not greasy and cooked in a sauce that has just the right bite of chilli but not overly spicy.  There is a lamb on rice dish that is reminiscent of paella.  The rice is wonderfully flavored with hints of sweetness and savory.  I think the point of this dish is the rice though the lamb was delicious, too.  For dessert, we shared a persimmon stuffed fried pie (the Chinese word is "bing") with honey for sauce.  It was delicious.
Grandma and the chef both came out wanting to know how we like the food.  We assured them everything is excellent.
Unfortunately, we did not have room to try more dishes.  There were so many other dishes that I would have loved to try, such as various "mar lah" noodle dishes, a wood ear salad, and others.  So we will have to go back.
The decor is modest.  But decor is not the point here.  The restaurant is happy to serve the wine you bring and the wait staff is friendly and helpful.  Beer, whites (rieslings, sauvignon blanc, Rhone whites) and light reds (pinot noir, beaujolais) go well with this food.  We are definitely spreading the word to friends about this great find.This restaurant was way on the edge of Chinatown and looked very cute from the curb. We were eager to try it after seeing all the awards it received plastered on the window. Everything we ordered was delicious, and my sisters and I even fought over the leftovers the next day! The duck especially was wonderful and in fact the best duck I've had in America! I would encourage everyone to try Sizzling Woks and to get a bubble tea while they're there!DERICIOUS. Seriously delicious.
Between 3 people, we ordered 7 dishes -- because we were REALLY hungry and we also wanted to try everything.
My favorite dishes were the bok choy with edamame (cold dish) and the Biang Biang noodles ginger and scallions. Those Biang Biang noodles were BANGIN' , so much so that I almost got it again today.. but resisted temptation. At $5.95 it's so worth it. Lightly seasoned, PERFECT texture -- that chewy.. almost " buoyant" Q Q texture. I dreamt of it last night.
The Chinese hamburger was good, but just can't compare to the real ones I had when traveling in Xi'an. But for $3.50 I am relatively happy, and excited to go back and try the spicy version as well as the cumin version.
I also go the spicy minced pork noodle soup. It was good -- noodles well cooked. This is your dish if you like spicy + sour + noodle soup. Although it wasn't spicy enough for me. It looks blood red, but don't be scared! Really not spicy at all. 
The sesame Liang Pi was pretty good as well, not my favorite. I'd try the other Liang Pi dish though -- it's really traditional Xi'an cuisine so you might as well try it!
Scallion pancakes and Beef Ho Fun were standard, nothing exceptional but delicious all the same.
For our 7 dishes our total came to a whopping.. $45 pre-tip. I WILL BE BACK. probably tomorrow...
Biang biang noodles -- that is allYou know a Chinese restaurant is excellent when your Chinese mama wants go back. First, Chinese mamas are cheap. They've lived through famines, my friend, and justifying eating at a restaurant when they could make the same thing at home twice as good for half the price in the first place is halfway to a miracle. Second, if you get them to go to a restaurant and they don't like what they eat, there's no way in hell you're going to get them to go out with you for another month or so, at least. Third, they know good food. They're from the Old Country. They are the gold standard test for whether food is authentic or not.
So after dinner here, when my mom asked for the menu with her check, and then started planning out her orders for the next two nights, I knew we had a winner. I am not hyperbolizing, btw. We were only in Philly for four days and ate here three times. With our other dining companions, we've literally sampled half the menu. Full-on miracle, right there.
Mom's favorite dishes (I don't remember their menu names but I'm sure you can figure it out): spicy fish with soft tofu, spicy sautéed kidney, tea-smoked duck, pan-fried green beans with preserved vegetables, fermented glutinous rice soup with mochi balls filled with sweet sesame paste. I know some of that doesn't sound too appetizing but trust me like I trust my Chinese mama.
NOTE: Their name says Xi'an, but they actually make very good Sichuan and other southern Chinese dishes.
NOTE: the fermented rice soup is a dessert soup, but the menu doesn't have a separate dessert category, so it's listed under the Soup section. It's supposed to be the best in Philly, because they make it with their own house-made fermented glutinous rice. Just try and tell me it's not the Nectar of the Gods (you won't, because it is!) Also, they make their own soy milk!
Food aside, it's a nice place with friendly people. The servers are super nice, enthusiastic, and helpful, which is a double miracle, because you never get that kind of service in a super-crowded restaurant in Chinatown. Bathrooms are clean, tables are decently spaced apart, and we never felt rushed. Philly is really lucky to have such a wonderful little eatery (Boston is jealous!).Came here with friends after a long day of hustling around Philly. 
Came in tired, thirsty, hungry, and eager for something delicious. Xi'an Sizzling Wok did not disappoint -- found out it has only been open for about 5 months. 
Food was delicious! Loved sharing many dishes with friends to try out more things. We ordered 6 dishes for the 4 of us. 
Lamb Skewers -- Yummm! Very nicely spiced, very flavorful.
Green String Beans -- good, could use more garlic
Scallion pancake -- DELICIOUS!!!
Cold salt and chili oil Cucumber -- interesting taste.
Bok Choy w Edamame -- nice appetizer
Spicy beef noodle soup -- really good, choked a little on the spicy chili flakes when it went down the wrong pipe. 
A couple minor dings:
Shared a larger table with another party -- smaller interior, but just something to keep in mind.
Language may be a barrier -- some dishes  were brought to our table without ordering, but they took care of it. If you go with a friend who speaks Mandarin, it may be useful!
Took a while to get check -- it was busy during the dinner rush.Affordable lunch specials...The tofu and veggies dish was delish! Not your typical greasy chinese food, and the portions are quite large. Customer service was also quick and efficient.Everything was great and affordable, except lamb skewers were too slim.Chinese hamburger is just so so. The xi'an famous food in New York is much better and authentic. Liangpi is really just fine. Cumin beef hamburger is actually better than Chinese hamburger. I will probably go back and try Da Pan ji( chicken and potatoes over noodles) the price is fair.I think this place is so so place because the food were not as good as I expected. We ordered Jiu niang yuan zi soup and it came out as a soup with very little balls. Besides these, other food were so so as well. Little disappointedServices there is rude! Food there is not traditional Xi'an style! There are lots of great food in Chinatown! Do not waste you time and money in this store!Great. Authentic Chinese food. Don't come here expecting shrimp fried rice and an egg roll. This feels like a family run place and we felt like distant cousins. When we arrived we were seated and fed immediately. Excellent! Will return.For the folks thinking this is an authentic Xi'an food place,you are wrong.They looks like it but doesn't taste like it.
The taste of the foods were very bland and noodles were over cooked .
And apparently you can't order a little bit spicy from the server because it's "too much trouble " so you can put chili sauce yourself.
I did order the Chinese burger once and it was Okay, but the recent visit wasn't pleasant.
東西很淡沒什麼味道，鹽巴調味不夠。麵條煮太久快軟到爛掉。I feel like if I crave Chinese food for lunch, this is my go-to Chinatown spot. It's very casual, just a normal sit-down or takeout spot with table service. 
First visit, I had their spicy minced pork with chicken fried rice lunch meal (I always choose egg roll over the soup or can soda) and it was delicious! The food was the right portion (enough for leftovers!) and plentiful for a dine-in lunch. My next visit today, I finally tried the Chinese hamburger (my reason for even checking the spot out). I did regret not ordering the spicy minced pork burger since it was nothing really raving about. I also did the staple General Tso lunch special since that was my craving at the time. Their chicken fried rice is very good and so far, the leftovers held up when reheated. 
Service was great and the food arrived fairly fast (it was never empty when I went for lunch). They are attentive and friendly. I would like to try out more on their menu!Came here one night for take out:
Food (8.5/10) = Tried the following dishes:
1) Xi'an liang pi ($4.95) = this place does the dish quite well.  This is one of the most refreshing dishes, and great to eat during both the hot summer weather and cold winter months.
2) Pita bread soaked in lamb and beef soup ($9.95) = one of my favorite Xi'an dishes.  The flavor was on point, but unfortunately and likely because I got it as take out, most of the soup was soaked by the bread, and the bread texture became mushy.  The dish is probably fine if I had ordered and eaten it at the restaurant.
3) Cumin beef hamburger ($3.95) = Less spicy than what I've had before.  Less spicy and less oily than Xi'an famous foods version in NYC.  I actually like it better less oily, but others may feel differently.
4) Biang biang noodles w. ginger scallion sauce ($5.95) = Another noodle dish.  This dish was served hot.  The flavor was good, but again because it was take out, the noodles became stuck to each other and so the noodles became a giant mass difficult to separate while eating with chopsticks.
Ambiance (7.5/10) = Nothing special.  Red paint interior.  Decent amount of tables.  Clean.  Restaurant situated at the corner of 9th and Arch.
Service (7.5/10) = Meh.  It wasn't busy when I visited.  Yet, it was hard to get the attention of the 2 waitresses, for me to get a menu and place my orders for take out, despite standing directly in front of them at the cash register.  Strange.
Overall opinion = I love Xi'an food, and it's nice to see more of these places sprouting up at different cities.  Would definitely visit this place again the next time I'm in town.  Will want to try the "Sauteed spicy chicken and noodles" off the chef's recommendation section on the menu.  I've never seen a noodle dish cost $16.95.  So it makes me curious how good this dish can be.  My brother states it's worth the price.  We shall see...The Xi'an food was great，but the awful service ruined everything. There was a rude female server who chase the costumer outside and force costumer to give over 15% as the tip for lunch！This is a bad behavior and my friends said they won't come again！Love it! Very authentic Xi'an food here. It may be the most impressive Chinese food I've eaten in the US.The food is not bad, but the delivery guy is just terrible. He forced me to give him more tips, and I refused.We're in an exploratory mode lately when it comes to Chinatown, so Xi'an Sizzling Woks was a fun way to break out of our normal spots.
It's a tiny place on the edge of Chinatown (park a block south if you don't want to drive around all night).  We found the service to be extremely friendly, if not a little awkward at times, but I'll take it compared to other spots we've been to.  Everything looked pretty clean, and the smell of cumin and chili oil was wafting in the air.
We ordered the Biang Biang noodles with ginger, and they were great.  Chewey noodles, a little spice, a bit of oil, and some ginger....just wish there was a little more veg in there.
The Liang Pi is an interesting dish that I would never order if it weren't for the not-so-gentle prodding from Yelp.  It's a cold dish with a lot of odd textures, but I found it to be oddly addictive as I kept eating.  It was advertised as spicy, but I found it to be medium, and that's my only complaint:  a little heat would have perfected it.  
The dumplings with chili oil were very good, but not in the same realm as David's with ginger sauce, and the lamb skewers were good, but not worth the cash.  I agree with the other reviewers who say you need to be a serious lover of cumin to love these skewers.  
The Chinese burger was my least favorite item.  I found it to be dry and lacking spice.  It has potential to be very good, but some sauce and spice is necessary.Delicious!!!  I read through a lot of the reviews and we ended up with two Chinese hamburgers, the sour and spicy pork and the biang biang noodles.  All were fabulous and I can definitely see myself getting a craving for any or all of them. We live in the burbs so we won't be regulars but I would definitely make a trip into town to try more options. Service was fine... More attentive than I've had in other Chinatown restaurants but maybe not as much as you are used to in western restaurants, definitely not an issue though. Mmmmmmm... I'm dreaming of those awesome noodles...The Great: very authentic Xi'An food. Staff and owner were very friendly and helpful. The "Chinese hamburger" and the Xi'An cold noodles were great.
The good: price is pretty reasonable and the portions are good.
The bad: not really a bad thing but it's a smaller spot on the end of Chinatown, so it's easy to miss this spot. And because it's small don't expect the place to look too modern and enticing.
Overall it's one of the better spots we've had in Chinatown, it's between a 4/5 star and I gave them a 5 star just because how friendly the staff were. You won't be disappointed coming here if you are looking for authentic Chinese food.Affordable lunch specials...The tofu and veggies dish was delish! Not your typical greasy chinese food, and the portions are quite large. Customer service was also quick and efficient.Below average Chinese IMHO, worse than your average neighborhood Chinese takeout place. 
I ordered delivery through Yelp and selected them coz they were the only place in Chinatown who delivers to my address. No complains with the delivery process though.Really great food and so accommodating! We made reservations for a party of 12 a couple of days in advance, they called and confirmed the day of. We had kids and we were a little loud and we had lots of special requests - the staff was great and played with the baby and "grandma" came out of the kitchen to see if we were happy (and I think to see who ordered so much food! Portions were generous and we definitely over-ordered) 
Will absolutely be back!Although this place is small, the waitresses are lack of experience, my stomach LOVE this place, I give 5 stars for the food.
I really enjoy the flat noodles here. I think it is really depends on person, some of my friends like noodle soups elsewhere. 
If you like spicy food, Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles could be the nice one.   If you prefer the original, kind of plain flavor of flat noodle , try Biang Biang Noodles In Lamb & Beef Soup, Chinese Chives Pie. 
Classic/Safe choices are  #6. Sauteed Spicy Chicken & Noodle (around $18, serves for two ppl), Chinese hamburger, and Liang Pi.The food here is really good! We enjoyed the Chinese hamburgers (spicy pork and pork), the chives pie, and the biang biang noodles with ginger and scallion. Everything was flavorful and unique. 
We called for take-out. They said 20 minutes. We were there after 20 minutes and still had to wait almost 10 minutes. This is really annoying when one person is in the store to pick up and the other person is double parked or circling the block. Also, I wouldn't recommend the lamb with cumin on skewers (appetizer for $9). They were tiny and not good.Food was decent. We had lamb skewers (about $12 for 6 skewers), pita bread in beef and lamb soup (also around $12), Xi'an noodle, and cumin Chinese hamburger. Lamb skewers was super skinny, barely any meat. Pita bread in beef and lamb soup was not bad but the quality doesn't really match the price. Xi'an noodle was pretty good. Cumin beef Chinese burger only had a couple of piece meat considering it costs $4.5. I did bring that to the manager's attention but he just straight up ignored it. Not sure if I would return.Xi'an Sizzling Woks does its namesake food very well.  As others have commented, stick to their Chef Recommendation and House Special menu and you will have a unique and enjoyable meal.  The farther you wander from Xi'an, the more the cuisine slides toward the norm, and becomes like most other shops in the area.  Best to stay on the Silk Road from beginning to end. 
My experience last week proves the point.  We ordered Dumpling in Chili Sauce (Szechuan), Xi'an Liang Pi (Cold Mild Spice Noodles), Biang Biang Noodles w/ Ginger Scallion Sauce (Rave), and Spicy Pot Flavor Fish Fillet (Surprise Star of the Show). 
The Dumplings were the weak link in our meal.  The skin was thicker than in a true Szechuan house, and the ground pork while plentiful, did not exhibit much flavor.  The Chili Sauce was not nearly hot enough.  We were sorry we wasted stomach space on something so mediocre.  
The Xi'an Liang Pi was a fettuccini width cold noodle bathed in a semi-hot sauce with Tofu, Shoots, and a few things I could not identify.  It was good and renewed our faith that the rest of the meal would be deliciously distinct.  
We moved on to the Biang Biang Noodles in Ginger Scallion Sauce.  As you have already read everywhere on this page, these Biang Biang are Bangin!  Our server stirred the bowl for us to be sure the sauce coated as much of the pasta as possible.  These hand cut bad boys were longer than a foot, and required high end dexterity to lift them high enough to clear the pile in the dish, maneuver them over to the small plate and then work the chop sticks to your lips well enough to take hold of the noodle and suck it into your mouth. Slurpy mess, but well worth the effort, as these were terrific due to the play of ginger, scallion and cumin (I think) on the tongue.  Subtle heat that grew slowly, but never approach the scalding of a Szechuan chili dish.  The noodles were firm and chewy and filling. 
We would have called the night a great success if we had stopped there, but the urge to try something more brought us to the Spicy Pot Fish Fillets.  These tender morsels of fluke were crisp on the raised texture of each fillet, and included veggies and mushrooms is a wonderful red/orange sauce that also packed a punch, but more gently than, say, Emai across the street.  I loved this dish, and will try the other variations with beef, chicken, lamb and pork intestine in the future. 
Xi'an Sizzling Woks is a smallish shop with no more than a dozen tables.  Best to get there early or late to avoid a wait.  It represents the style and cooking of this very old city that was once the capital of a Chinese Dynasty, and is now an industrial and university town, exceedingly well. It is certainly worth a visit (both city and restaurant).  It could easily become a regular stop on my Chinatown cruise.So good. Ate all vegetarian food, all with amazing different flavors. Every dish delicious. We had golden mushrooms, chili potato, tomatoes with egg, Bok Choy with soybean, chili cucumbers, and Xi'an Liang Pi. Loved it the first time I went a year ago; loved it even more the second time.I feel very lucky to find a really authentic xian restaurant nearby. Xian is the ancient capital of China when China was at its peak time and also is the start point of silkroad. I always think Xian cuisine is the best! And this restaurant just provides the very awesome Xian dishes. special recommendation: Liangpi, chineae burger and DapangjiLet me start by saying the people who work here are great. I just placed an order for delivery with seamless and I ordered the wrong thing by mistake. I called and they fixed it no problem, no charge, and it actually came correct. 5 stars
The food, well... thats another thing. Szechwan food should be spicy? Flavorful? This was neither. The chicken in garlic sauce had no real flavor and the chicken was a little grizzly. The Hunan beef tasted like food u would get from any Americanized Chinese hole in the wall in any city in America. I ordered the biang biang noodles based on others reviews. Maybe it's just me but I don't get it. It's thick long noodles with a little ginger and some chili peppers. No sauce and not spicy. There is no kick at the end of those noodles. Also, and probably because it was delivery, it was all stuck together like one big noodle. I won't be making that mistake again.They ve got real Chinese food which I've ate in China. Liang Pi(cold noodle), and Chicken with potato and noodles are the best!!!! A great place to hang out with friends and for the people who love noodles. They also got lamp skewers, spicy and tasty:)I've eaten here a few times and I like it. The flavors are delicious and I think it must be authentic because I see a lot of Chinese people eating here. It's very popular and I only go on "off hours" so I don't have to wait for a table. 
They have a very inexpensive lunch special, but rather than have the usual Americanized dishes like "Gen. Tso's Chicken" why not try the Biang Biang Noodles or a house specialty called "Xi'an Liang Pi"?Having heard about this place from a few friends. Today finally made it there with my parents. We ordered the Xi'an Liang PI and the spicy sour minced pork noodle. We all prefer the Liang PI, although we added extra vinegar and spicy sauce by ourselves. The noodle was okay for us, not a fan of it.Xi'an cuisine? Not familiar with it but was willing to try as China has a lot of great culinary traditions. Six of us rode our motorcycles from all over (VA, NJ, NY) for a little reunion of friends and I usually get to pick where we eat. I looked at the Philly Chinatown choices and this one was interesting. Looked at reviews and pics and i was just salivating at the options. Liang pi (recommended, never had this before), biang biang noodles, sauteed spicy chicken and noodle (table next to us was enjoying theirs so we copied), pork intestine with hot peppers (yummy!), sauteed bokchoy with garlic. Xi'an cuisine seems to be a couple of steps lower in spiciness scale compared to Sichuan food which was fine as not all of us were fire eaters like me. Flavors were sometimes new (like the vinegar in the liang pi ad the complex pork intestine dish) or familiar like the sauteed bok choy but all our dishes were excellent. Everyone enjoyed a lot. Service started off as not too good because one of the guys didn't quite know how to ask for ice water or hot tea in a personable way. A little "xie xie", smiles and charm elicited some very good service from our waitress. Can't wait to go back for more. Highly recommended, specially if you stick with their specialties.We would like to give zero or negative stars if we could.
1. There were a family of cockroaches playing on our table when we were about to start the meal! SO GROSS!!! 
2. When we talked to the waitress, they just shrugged off it, "it's because our food tastes so good, even cockroaches want it"... EVEN GROSSER!!!
We'll never step into this place again.每次去费城 都在这里吃了一顿又一顿 还有什么比这儿很让我解乡愁的地方呢？一个赞字 怎么能概括我对这里的喜爱. by a xiannessThis place is a great addition to Philadelphia.  I would definitely recommend trying the items on the Chef Recommendation list.  The Chinese hamburger is very good, but the stand-out appetizer for me was the addictive Dumplings in Chili Sauce.  For an entree, the owner recommended the Sauteed Spicy Chicken and Noodle and it was perfect for a very cold day in Philadelphia -- the noodles were chewy and thick and the chicken pieces were meaty and tender.  It is a very hearty dish with potatoes and spicy sauce.  The Spicy Sour Minced Pork Noodles was also a treat.  We saved the broth to make more noodles at home the next day, it was that good.  All of the sauces and broths here are the real deal, fragrant and flavorful.  I can't wait to visit again and try some more items from the menu.Amazingly delicious! That sounds so nerdy but it's true. Although I didn't have a lot of options because I need to be gluten free - I ordered the rice noodle soup which had chicken, fish, shrimp and small meatballs. I ordered it "spicy" but the next time I would ask them to make it moderately spivey because the broth was too hot! However that didn't stop me from devouring the noodles and seafood and meat without the broth. My dining partners both agreed that their dishes (noodles and pork) were "like no other!"  We will definitely return the next time we are in Philly. The place is small but worth the wait for a table.Food -- still solid. Service -- they're nice/ friendly but need to work on efficiency 
As my previous review said -- get the Biang Biang noodles (my preference of ginger scallion). I love the texture of these noodles, they are to die for.
The Xi'an Liang Pi actually grew on me --  the first time I got it I wasn't a huge fan. But it's a cold dish , I enjoyed the texture of the noodles ( different than biang biang, these are made from mung bean) and it's kind of sour/ spicy and really opens up your appetite!
The " dan dan noodles" were OK. They're good, but they're not dan dan noodles.. they were more like noodles in peanut/sesame sauce. 
Eggplant in garlic sauce was cooked very well. A little over priced at $8.95, but cooked well
We got the Ma-La fish filet which was delicious, probably my favorite. It was spicy -- perfect spicy. ( Keep in mind I eat REALLY spicy) so this may not be your dish if you're not huge on spicy. But it was perfect for me. I could swim in that broth. Filled with plenty of fish, mushroom, Chinese cabbage, clear thin noodles, bamboo shoots -- this dish was a winner!!
Service -- did not give us a menu until asked for while we were sitting there aimlessly. They're nice, but very inexperienced. They were talking in Chinese on which dish ordered which table -- they seemed very confused.This is my new favorite place in Chinatown. Have the wood ear, the chicken with large hand shaved noodles and the dry fried beans.  The hand written menu is charming. And it really refreshing to eat dishes that a) I haven't had since I was in Xi'an and b) I've never had.This is a very good Chinese resturant. I need say the pita bread soaked in lamb and beef noodle soup ,biang biang noodle ,spicy sour minced pork noodle and xiang pi was really good.
Service was also great ,three good  girls.
They told us come back next time try different.Sure,I will be back.Highly recommend the Chinese hamburger, spicy dry noodles, and lamb skewers. The restaurant is small but the food is great. Service needs some improvement.Good hand made noodles. Spic, fresh, greasy, and tasty goodness. Nothing like Chinese food from somewhere other than the typical American-Chinese or Canton region to shake up your norm and  stereotypical Chinese cuisine. 
Relatively inexpensive as well, but remember the minimum order must be $15 in order to use a credit card.Have to try the Chinese burger, my favorite in Philadelphia!
It's not expensive eitherBest liangpi around, and the biangbiang mian is great too. Fast service and fast delivery.My favorite restaurant in chinatown. Biang biang noodles with scallion garlic sauce and xi'an Liang Pi are two things I always order here. I think they could cut the menu down to just the Chef's Recommendation section and still have an awesome restaurant.Went here for lunch based on Craig LaBan's review...the cumin beef skewers appetizer that he recommended in the review were amazing! Also had the Ma-La Hot with chicken, and boy was that spicy. Make sure to have plenty of water handy.  My husband had the spicy beef noodle soup which was very good but not as spicy as the Ma-La Hot.  On another occasion, my husband tried the spicy sour minced pork noodles, which is actually a soup, and he loved it.
The atmosphere of this restaurant is "basic Chinatown" so don't come here expecting anything fancy.  There is a tv screen on the wall that has a running slide show of photos of various menu items.
Because the restaurant was busy, we sat with some other people at one of the two large round tables in the back and got to see a few things they ordered. The Biang Biang noodles looked interesting, they are a huge thick, long noodle I am not sure what the sauce is. They also had the liang pi noodles, which were mentioned in LaBan's review, as these did not all get eaten they may not have liked them as much.
When I return I will plan to try more items under the "Chef's Recommendations" like the Chinese Hamburger and the sauteed spicy chicken and noodles.After been here several time, my impression was absolutely bad services whatever or whenever. They were so rude and reluctant to serve while you ordering, asking for something, even paying check! Food was fine, but nothing surprise. I would never ever recommend this place for anyone, expect who I hated.This is the second restaurant of the family that owns New East in NE Phila, and is still in its initial, rather soft opening stages.  While they don't have a full print-out of the menu (it's handwritten on 8x11" at this point), they can pretty much make you anything you want, althoughI would suggest sticking with the Xi'an specialties.  The liang pi and lamb and beef vermicelli with chopped Chinese bun pieces are great stand-bys, and the whole fried sweet and sour croaker is great.  Overall, it's solid but they do need to speed up the service and get actual menus.  Still, it's a great hole-in-the-wall with solid, authentic dishes and reasonable prices for huge portions.Never go to this restaurant again, I waited for the pick up food for over 30 min. Service is horrible and terrible!!!!!Amazing! I've never had food from this region before, but from the first time I ordered from this place, I have been a fan. They concentrate more on making typically subtle flavors stand out, like garlic and ginger, rather than putting a lot of spice on it. That being said, I would actually prefer it if the food was more spicy, but it is still great. My favorite dishes have been: 
Smoked Tea Duck Sichuan Style. Probably in my top 5 favorite duck dishes of all time (the best I've had was years ago at a restaurant called Dino - duck three ways in pasta with a peppercorn cream sauce; I still close my eyes and think about it). The duck here at the Sizzling Woks was very flavorful, I loved it.
Biang Biang Noodles in Ginger Scallion Sauce. As good as everyone says. I usually eat this with the Chongqing Spicy Chicken.
Chongqing Spicy Chicken. I've had this same dish at Sichuan places, and what I like about how they make it here is that they tone down the ma-la (maybe a bit too much) and add some complexity with other flavors.
"Chinese Hamburgers." I've tried them all and they are great. My favorites are the spicy minced pork and cumin beef.
Xi'an Liang Pi. I didn't really like this one. 
I also like that you can order online. Delivery usually arrives at about 45 minutes after I order.Bad boss, ask for one source need 1dollar and also the boss said he didn't care us. Stupid 
And also the server is bad their attitude is really terrible 
As previously their business is worse and recent days their business is hot so that they didn't treat customer well 
So i gave them bad evaluation 
Guys you can come into store and see how the bad boss treat you really bad bad store 
Such a bad storeThis place is legit. I had never had food from the Xi'an region of China but I'm always up for trying something different and I was NOT disappointed. I ordered the Corn Egg Drop Soup which was good, but the show stealer was the Handmade East Noodles. You can choose from 3 options: Pork mandarin sauce, ginger scallion sauce or tomato and egg sauce. I got the tomato and egg sauce and it was DE-LISH. The only slightly confusing thing was that on the menu it says (no soup) but this was definitely a soup...not that I was complaining. 
My dad got the Biang Biang Noodles in lamb and beef soup and really enjoyed it.
Definitely recommend!After the car show, it was snowing and crowded, so we decided to order and pick up food to take home.  I've read a review on serious eats and read more reviews on yelp...and I was determined to check this place out! So glad I did! I ordered he three more recommended dishes to try at home:
1. Liang Pi in sesame sauce- it came separated: sauce, noodle, julienne celery and chopped up fried bean curd---mixed it together and had it cold. Initial taste, was odd, spicy, sour, peanut taste...and it had a funny smell to it... I didn't like the first bite.  I had it sit in the fridge for a couple of hours and tried again--- definitely tasted a lot better. It was an acquired taste. I would give it another shot next time.
2. Biang Biang noodles in ginger and scallion sauce-  it tasted really good, noodles were cooked to the right consistency, just enough spice. I wish it had some type of protein in it to complete the dish. I end up mixing it with the sautéed spicy chicken noodle-turned out to be fabulous.
3. Sauteed spicy chicken noodle--- soooo good, worth the $16.95. It was a huge portion...could have served 3-4 people.  Mixed with green and thai chili peppers, potatoes and bone in chicken pieces.  The savory sauce was perfectly spiced with delicious goodness...hot and spicy, sesame oil and something else I cannot distinguish. 
Overall, the noodles in all 3 dishes were cooked perfectly with the right amount of chewy texture and salted enough that I didn't have to add additional salt to it!
I would definitely order from them again, or even have lunch/dinner when i am in town.  I am eager to try the cumin spiced lamb kebobs......I need to wait for at least half an hour everytime!!! No matter eat in or take out!!! They told me just 10 minutes, but it always be tripled!!! My next table came later than me, but I didn't get my dishes even after they finished and left!! Very bad service!!!I opted to try out this restaurant to satisfy my curiosity for xian foods, and this place made a pretty good first impression. The only criticism I have for their dishes is that they tend to be in the salty side, however the quality of the food does not falter. I really enjoyed the biang biang noodles and the scallion pancake but I definitely couldn't finish a whole portion of either dishes because of the saltiness. The Chinese cheeseburger is also pretty good, but the skewers i also ordered felt too overly powdered. 
Will update my review if I get a different impression following a different visit.Great food and very home-like service. LiangPi  is the best!
Lamb skewers are very tasty too. 
I mistakenly ordered takout at the other location, and they transfered my order for free.Love this place... This is the third or fourth Szechuan place I've tried definitely the best!
Fresh Dough made  daily for all dumplings and noodles .... My favorite is the twice cooked pork
Mmmmmmmm....can't beat $7.95 lunch ....
Really sweet cute wait staff too... Extremely friendly and helpful ....keep it up!Tagged along with the bf for dinner (I had already eaten).
I'd been meaning to try this place for the longest time, and so I couldn't resist taking a bite out of what he ordered. He got the Chinese hamburgers (rou jia mo) - non spicy, and the spicy minced pork noodles. 
The rou jia mo is mediocre, but hey, this is Philly, so I can't complain. Maybe the spicy version would have tasted better.
The spicy minced pork noodles were great! rich, fatty, and delicious! There's not much meat in there, but the soup broth is packed with flavor. The spice level is just right for me - pretty mild. Tried to convince the bf to order the biang biang noodles (a Xian specialty), but to no avail - next time!
Minus 1 star for $15 minimum for card.I think I found my new obsession of 2014: Chinese hamburgers. I had these when I was in China (it's a popular street food over there) and it's just as good as I remember: slow-cooked minced pork on delicious mo bread (a flat bread that's kind of like a cross between naan and an English muffin). They have a spicy pork version and a beef and cumin option -- both are great. I also got the spicy sour minced pork noodles, which was a little too sour for my liking but still very good. The portion was huge, too: it easily could have fed two of us. And it's a steal at $6.95. Service was a little slower than what I'm used to for Chinatown, but the staff was extremely friendly. Overall a very nice option if I'm in the area. I'll definitely be back for those hamburgers, though.China meets Uzbekistan ... Xi'an meets Tashkent - welcome to Xi'an Sizzling Woks.
Philadelphia has the oldest Chinatown and one of the very best in North America with restaurants springing from every single corner of China.  Xi'an Sizzling Woks is a new Shaanxi Province restaurant with the food of northwestern China - think Silk Road fusion. It is superb.  I don't think you can go wrong here,  The Chinese Hamburgers (the Silk Road version of this famous food)  are a great appetizer but even better are the Chive Pies.  Grandma came out of the kitchen to see how I liked her Chive Pies and to see if I wanted to taste a special sauce she had made up for them.  They were excellent.  Grandma returned to the kitchen smiling after she saw how much I liked them. The homemade Biang Biang noodles are also of excellent quality and I especially like the ones with ginger and scallions.  However be aware they are very difficult to eat.  They are so long and wide and intertwined with each other, that you have to be a chopstick magician to deftly get these noodles from the bowl to your mouth. Easier noodles are the Liang Pi.  Don't miss the lamb kebabs with cumin flavoring.  Really, unless you're a vegetarian, order them.
The atmosphere is fine and the service is def friendly. Walls are a kinda tangerine color with various artifacts from Shaanxi Province ... and there is a cool trompe l'oeil sky & cloud ceiling.
I've been to Xi'an Sizzling Woks twice in the last week (I've been yearning for some really tasty Asian food for the last few months).  This is a restaurant to definitely put near the top of any list of Philadelphia's numerous and awesome Chinatown restaurants.Really good food from Chinese-Muslim region of China. Solid spot that has really good cumin beef sandwiches. Everything we tried was solid.I had been there many times already, I am a Xi'an girl and I am glad that most people like this place. Good food over all, just hope they could up grade the decoration of the restaurant when their business growing stronger.Holy shit! I got two dishes. I know it is a very small sample size of the menu, but this is the best Chinese food I've ever had in America. The service was not very great, and at times frankly confusing, but the food did come out quick, very affordable and it was amaze-balls!
I came here solo very early after the Four Seasons 5k run. I thought the liang pi would help cool me down a bit. It was exactly the way I remember it from when I lived in Xi'an. I also got a dish, I'm not quite sure the name. It had pretty large chunks of peppers, potatoes, onions, and bone in with skin on chicken in a spicy sauce brown sauce served over top a bed of large, flat, wide noodles. It was out of this world... very traditional. I would have eaten here again the next day if I lived near by. 
I can't wait until the next time I find my self in center city and hungry!