Good food, pretty good service, great location. Overall ratings:
Food 5
Service 4
Atmosphere 4
Value 4
Ate here with a small group (7 people) in town for the election. We had just all finished going door to door and were about to watch election returns in a hotel ballroom. So we wanted something relaxing, delicious, fast, and in an atmosphere where we could talk to each other without shouting.
Xiandu delivered on those goals.
We reserved via Open Table, our table was ready and we were seated immediately. It took awhile for the server to come around and get drink orders, than a really long time for a) the drinks to arrive and b) for her to return for the food orders. Once ordered, food came pretty quickly, and it was totally delicious.
This was at 7 PM on a Tuesday evening, the place was not at all crowded. So service should have been fast.
Menu included some items with an Indian influence. I had panang curry which was great. They offer brown rice with meals, which I appreciate. 
Beer selection was bottles only, pretty typical for Thai restaurants, and I had Kirin Ichiban which was scrumptious. A couple ordered a bottle of house Cabernet (they were out of the house Merlot) and they pronounced it fine, didn't sound outstanding.
I can easily see returning, yet with so many outstanding choices in central city Philly, I'll make the rounds first.The best thai delivery in Philly. Amazingly fresh and delicious, albeit expensive.Woah, what a hidden gem! I say hidden because even though it's right there between 11th and 12th on Walnut, I have definitely never noticed this place. My bad...
About 15-20 of us came here for a friend's surprise birthday dinner (Happy 23rd Josephine!) this past Saturday. Although I was the last one to arrive before the big surprise (#traindrama), I could see that the service was absolutely splendid from the beginning to the end. Since I came directly from the 'burbs, they were entirely okay with me leaving my bag with the hosts, as well as charging my phone towards the end.
The waiter (didn't get his name) was so, so helpful and described all of the entrees in greater detail. He also gave good vegetarian recommendations (shout-out to my fellow herbivores), as well as informing us of what's popular at the restaurant. I ended up ordering the Panang curry with brown rice on a level 3 spice range, with 1 being the mildest and 5 being the spiciest. It was PERFECT. Everything, from the appearance to the spices, was just sublime. I was a bit upset that they took away my dish with a few bites left (I planned on finishing all of it!) when the cake came out. However, everything else was just so nice and I knew I was going to come back, so it didn't affect me toooo much. Since we had a large table, I wasn't sure what everyone else got, but it all looked pretty good. Can't wait to come back here on Friday for their lunch specials!
A special mention has to go out to the manager/Xiandu queen Nancy. She has got to be one of the coolest, kindest managers I have ever interacted with! She kept the place open well past their closing time to make sure we were well accommodated and not rushed out. This is just one of the many examples of true customer service. So many places simply view their customers as business transactions, but you could tell that this place truly wanted their customers to have a legit dining experience. Nancy, you're getting an official invite to our next outing because you are a BAUSS.
STOP EVERYTHING AND GO GET YOURSELF SOME XIANDU.DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY!!! The worst service I have ever encountered. When the delivery person came, she called me, and told me to hurry up because she had things to do. I told her I'd hurry, but explained I had to take the elevator down. She then yelled at me to be there in less than five minutes. I always tip, even when the service isn't the best. I was a waiter and it sucks sometimes, I get it. In this case, the service was absolutely terrible, so I didn't leave a tip. She looked at the receipt and demanded a tip. Straight up told me, you need to tip me. I said no, so she refused to give me my food even though I had already paid for it!! Then when I called the restaurant to tell them what happened, the guy was completely unapologetic, said ok a couple times and hung up on me.Other than for the Thai iced tea, which tasted weirdly soapy and smelled funny, the rest of the food was delicious. Especially the mango chicken and the chicken green curry. Large portions and the waiters are all really nice. This place is located in close proximity to other restaurants but I think this spot stands out from all the others. If you're in the area, and if you're in the mood for Thai, I'd give this place a try.I had an appetizer of Thai Spring rolls which were excellent and because I arrived prior to 7 pm Happy Hour prices were in effect.  I had yellow curry with chicken and added Chinese broccoli, bean sprouts and green vegetables.  It was mild but the spice tray was perfect and spiced it to my degree of taste.  There was more than enough for leftovers.  I got the Triple Mouse for dessert with hot Jasmine tea.  I would return here when I am back in Philly. I thought the meal was excellent. The service was very good and they had no problems with substituting ingredients due to individual preferences. Folks in Philly tend to eat dinner late so don't let the lack of customers fool you if you like to eat at 5 pm.Really wonderful food, wonderful service. We ordered the musselman and yellow curry and the pad Thai as well. Delicious!  The owner came up to chat with us and was very nice as well. We will definitely be back!!Beautifully presented food with excellent mix  of flavors.  We tried two of the chicken dishes on lunch special menu.  With soup and salad.  Only opened within a year.  Clean, modern decor. Happy hour too, 5-7.  Best Thai spot we have found.Friendly and attentive service, reasonable prices, delicious food. The Massaman Curry with chicken was wonderful.To be fair, we got a lot of attention from the servers and the atmosphere was pretty good. If I had to make one suggestion, I would recommend not buying any dessert. Perhaps, I'm a dessert snob. Although the menu choices and photos will be tempting, the quality of the desserts (eating them rather than looking at the pictures) disappointed.  $7 each for presumably "pre-made" desserts did not impress.  At other restaurants in this City, you can get a highly trained professional chef to make some really elegant, sophisticated, delicate desserts in the $8-10 range, but not here. You won't find any sophisticated sweets here.  Desserts here are very "conventional" unrefined, vulgar. Tiramisu was really sweet - extra sweet - cake-style version with loads of sugar.  The Creme Brulee was thick and heavy like a very cold, barely thawed out pudding.  Neither dessert was prepared with an authentic recipe. I would venture to say they were manufactured to serve the convenience of the restaurant.  For dinner, I shared 1 appetizer, 3 dishes, and 3 desserts with 2 friends. We all drank the regular tap water.  We ordered blackened sushi-grade fish, chicken red curry, grilled chicken with asparagus, and Rotti. The food was pretty good, but after tax and tip, we each paid about $36 for a total bill nearing $110. The chicken and fish dishes tasted good. Though I liked the fish and chicken dishes, I am not sure I will come back. Pretty good dinner, but there are many other interesting, good restaurants in Philly. Maybe I will come back to try once more, but not dessert and not anytime soon. The ratio, price : food experience seemed slightly unfavorable. If I am paying more than $35 for a meal, I have high expectations. I expect everything to be good, but in this case, dessert here was a flop.I got the chicken pad thai and the pineapple fried rice delivery from here. the chicken pad that had the dryest chicken i ever ate at a restaurant and the fried rice had sour pineapples...I fell asleep right after due to the overwhelming msgI seriously loveeee Xiandu Thai, I am so happy they open in Center City! Definitely my go to place when I crave for Thai food. I love their Pad Thai and Drunken Noodle. It's just perfect, fresh and flavorful! Also... can I just say how much I love the staff there especially Brian, the server. The best server ever!! He is so personable and funny-- what a character! 
Definitely will recommend this place to anyone who loves Thai food!!Spring rolls were tasty. Tom Ka soup was so-so. Noodles were overcooked/mushy. I wouldn't add this spot to my top picks for Thai.Came here with my mom during parents weekend for temple and we had an amazing experience.  Our waiter Brian was energetic, funny and gave great suggestions. We ordered his suggestions and everything was amazing.  We had a mango chicken dish and beef pad se iu, they were both amazing.  For sure recommend to anyoneAte on a Sunday around 1 PM - no wait.
They just started a Dim Sum menu for the weekends, so we tried the dumplings. They were very tasty and VERY reasonably priced.
Thai Ginger & Pineapple with beef - very good and flavorful. Could have had a little more ginger though...
Pad Kee Mao with Chicken - our favorite! My husband and I completely devoured this and wish we had more.
Solid choice for Thai food if you're in the area.Took some out of town family here recently who had a craving for Thai food.
Pros:
Good ambiance and service. Food presentation was good.
Cons: 
Food taste was just ok. We ordered a 4 on the spice level and we thought it was relatively bland. We got the green curry, pineapple rice, and pad thai. The pad thai was a little sweet for my taste.Had the privledge of eating at Xiandu Thai. Service was amazing. Our waiter was very thorough and provided great recommendations. The menu was full of delicious options. The food tasted very fresh and was served timely. The flavors were incredible. Highly recommend to everyone and bring your friends! 
Unfortunately they ran out of disgusting and only had delicious left ;)I was ordering from this restaurant for the last 3months and l ordered about two weeks ago and the food never came.. I called them about an hour and a half later and the girl on the the phone was rude!  I asked to cancelled because they said an hour Max and I waited for a lot more.  She close the phone while I was still speaking to her.  I never got the food and never got my money back!!!  Shame this restaurant! Never coming there againDined with another couple last night before a show at the Walnut St. Theater. We shared Vietnamese Spring Rolls which were very tasty. Each of us ordered a different entree and each was very tasty. Portion sizes were more than adequate and prices were quite reasonable. Our waiter was very helpful, courteous and competent. This recently opened restaurant (Dec 2014) is a gem.We had our first visit to Xiandu Thai last night, and it won't be our last! The food was top-notch, service very good, and prices quite reasonable. Best Massamun Chicken I've had. My dining partners had grilled salmon, vegetable & tofu Pad Si Ew and green curry with vegetables, and each dish was excellent, as were appetizers and dessert. Great pre-theater choice as well.FLAVOR!!! This Thai restaurant was fantastic!!! Very clean, friendly staff, delicious food and reasonably priced. My husband got the Thai basil chicken, I got the pad see ew with beef. I can't say which one I liked more, both were excellent. They brought homemade hot sauce, very fresh. We got the mochi dessert which you can choose 3 flavors... we got mango Thai basil, mandarin cream, and Thai tea flavors. All 3 were excellent and refreshing. The mandarin one tasted like a creamcycle. The Thai tea tasted just how it sounds and the mango Thai basil sounded odd but I was intrigued and so glad we tried it, yum! This will be one of our go-tos every time we come to Philly now.Staff is friendly. Delicious food with large portion. Happy to enjoy dinner in such a nice ambience restaurant.This place was great! Truly delicious food, and the aroma and environment of the restaurant was perfect. Lovely place for a lunch or dinner in Philly. Got the vegetable pad thai and drunken noodles, they were fabulous! Also impressed with the quality and taste of the food considering the prices are very reasonable. Overall great experience here.not terrible terrible but long wait for delivery.  when it arrived noodles were starchy mushy overcooked and the veggies were sour, as in no longer fresh and were questionable to eat.By far one of my favorite spots to visit in Philly.. The staff is more than accommodating and everyone is always greeting you with a smile and a friendly hello. There is parking conveniently up the street & they offer a 10$ voucher to help with the cost. When it comes to the drinks, there is a lot of variety and everything is delicious. The main menu offers a unique medley of flavors to cater to whatever mood you are in.. This visit I had the angry beef and the chicken pineapple fried rice .. Between the presentation, flavors, and overall experience everything was perfect. For dessert, we had the tiramisu & a simple French vanilla ice cream. Again, it was delicious! I would highly recommend this establishment to anyone & everyone in the Philadelphia area.. We can't wait for our next visit!!The food is excellent here.  Slightly overpriced, but very good.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.Came here on a Friday night, and decided I love this place. It is clean and very modern looking, good ambiance. Our waiter Brian was incredible. He was very kind and funny and definitely went over and above to ensure that our dining experience was excellent. It's nice to see that waiters love the restaurant they work in, and that was definitely the case for Brian. He was sincerely excited about the restaurant and the delighted in the food they served. He offered helpful suggestions when we asked and made sure our dishes were just the right spice level, even going into the kitchen to remind the staff that we wanted our dishes to be mild. 
I ordered the chicken yellow curry (as per Brian's suggestion), and it was delicious. It was extremely flavorful in and just the right consistency. I was actually surprised at how flavorful the dish was. Yellow curry can tend to be a bit bland, but this one had great thai flavors and was not like that at all. The chicken was tender and the vegetables just right. Personally, I would have liked to have a spicier curry, but the flavor was just so good it didn't really matter very much. The curry comes with jasmine rice, but I love that with every dish you have the option of substituting for brown rice for $1.50 more. The presentation of the food was superb, while still giving a sizeable portion to leave you full and satisfied. 
Overall, I was so happy with Xiandu. It was such a great dining experience because of our waiter, the staff, and the quality of the food. I would definitely recommend it and plan to come back and try more dishes in the future.Came here for lunch after we saw a sign outside for the lunch special. They had quite a variety of options to choose from. I ordered the Thai basil eggplant tofu and the Tom yum soup. The soup wasn't the greatest, there weren't too many veggies besides tofu and the broth was quite oily. The Thai basil eggplant tofu on the other hand was great, but the portions were quite small for the price.We've been coming to Xiandu Thai for the last six months.  With 15-20 meals of experience, I can confidently say that this is my favorite restaurant in the city.  
 A restaurants tone is set by their employees, the employees (hostess, wait staff and the bartender) are very friendly, warm, accommodating and hospitable.   I'm welcomed as if I was a member of the family.  The service is superb, the food is delicious (I have not had a dish) and the drinks are perfectly mixed.  Xiandu Thai always exceeds my expectations.
Xiandu Chicken: Crispy white chucks of with a delicious sweet, Thai sauce.  
Angry Beef: I'm angry I didn't find this dish sooner.  
Indian Spicy Beef: A nice amount of spice heat on well seasoned delicious pieces of beef and sautéed vegetables.Delicious summer rolls,  pad thai and panang curry,  all gluten-free (since we have celiac)!
Wonderful, attentive server, Brian made sure we got everything we needed, including a knife to cut the tails off the tender,  juicy shrimp. Yum!! We'll be back the next time we visit Philadelphia.Great lunch specials. I had the mango chili chicken and it was absolutely perfect in taste and texture. I just had it for lunch and I'm craving it already at dinner time. 
Also the soup was fantastic. Everybody in my party ordered it and agreed. It was the house soup of the day, so I didn't catch the name, but it had the tiniest cutest mushrooms I've ever seen in my life. 
There are some great Thai places in Philly but this one holds its own and is very unique in their style of Thai.Sooooo...remember folks, this is Thai fusion. If u r looking for traditional Thai, this ain't necessarily your place. Be forewarned though. Very spicy menu. Many things have heat. I went for the tortilla roll with bbq duck meat cause I love duck. Interesting mix of flavors. Happy with it overall. Also had basil beef. Not as sweet as I am used to having. Spicy but decent overall. Very sexy chic decor and atmosphere. Good place for intimate date. Staff is A-1 top of line.Got delivery. Good but no chopsticks! I've never had to ask for chopsticks from an Asian place! So very disappointed. Recommend the drunken noodles.YUM!! A lot of healthy and vegetarian options. The green curry with tofu was classic, and the pad prik khing was my favorite--too bad for my date because that's what he ordered! There's a liquor store around the corner, so if you forget to BYOB, it's a short walk to grab a bottle of wine. The best is the hot jasmine tea we were offered when we first sat down--when it's 2 degrees outside, the hot tea is perfect!! Oh, and they're on Open Table!This was a great place with yummy food! It was reasonably priced and I would definitely go back! I am from NY so I was amazed about this BYOB thing in Philly. For all you put of towners you can just bring your own bottle of wine and they will allow you AT NO COST to cork and pour you. 
The good for yummy. They were nice. We were there on valentines day so it was crazy and our good took a longgg time so they gave us a free desert which I really appreciated. Great place!My favorite Thai place in Philly! I had my first experience with Thai food here and I loved it. There are so many great things about this place but I would say that the first and foremost thing I should mention is that Brian is probably the sweetest guy out of the entire waitstaff at this place. I've been lucky enough to always get Brian as our waiter whenever I dined at Xiandu. He answers all your menu questions thoroughly, explains and recommends menu items and specialty items all the time, and knows how to keep the customer happy. He's always got a great story to share too. Some dining experiences are made so much better when you have a charming waitstaff to take your order. These guys definitely offer that. 
I'm a very picky eater who doesn't like spicey or peppers. These guys do a great job making everything to order. My favorite menu items are the Samosas, salmon spring roll, curry puff, Thai fried rice (with the fried egg ontop its AMAZING), and Pad Si Ew. Their desserts are also really good. The portions are medium to large in size (sometimes I do have leftovers). You can't go wrong with almost any of their menu items. There's also the Vietnamese soup known as phò there which is pretty good for those who want a large soup meal, but they have plenty of Thai soups that are spicey but pretty good from what my friends have said. Tom Yum there is perfect for those who like something with a little bit of a kick. 
I can definitely see why Xiandu, although a young restaurant in center city, is so popular enough to be rated the #1 Thai place in the city during its first 6 months. Give it a try, if you're a reasonable individual, then I assure you that you won't be disappointed.A group of 8 of us came for dinner on a Saturday with reservations at 9pm.  We had a wait for our table but that was soon forgotten once we sat down.  The service by Brian was amazing.  This guy is fabulous and kept our group laughing throughout the night.   Xiandu is very lucky to have him.  He offers great food suggestions and alternatives for the vegetarians in our group.  And none of them disappointed us.  The number one thing said whole night was "so good".   I had the Pim's Cup first which was good but not fabulous; and later in the evening a Lychee Martini which was really good not overly sweet. We started off with the Tofu Baker, Roti Canai, and the Mango Salad.  I would go back and back for these these items alone.  
Our entrees include, Seafood Delight, a special of grilled shrimp skewer on basil fried rice, yellow curry, and a green curry.  Everyone loved their food.  What is great about the curries and the sauteed dishes, you can pick whatever you want to add to the dish from tofu/vegetables, chicken or seafood.   Dessert we got the mango sticky rice,coconut ice cream and the green tie ice cream.  
This a great place in Philly.  At the restuarant during dinner, we were already talking about when we will come back again.  Do not miss out of this place.I went here last night for my friends birthday dinner. The food was amazing and our waiter Jeff was awesome. He was so nice and very personable.Came for a dinner with colleagues, easily accommodates large groups. Happy hour menu on weekdays has large selection of cocktails and some food items. I got the lychee martini which was delicious and quite strong! The roti canai is very authentic and reminds me a lot of the ones I get at home in Malaysia! I got the pad see ew with tofu and veg for my main which was very definitely above average. The menu is quite big and has most options you would find in a Thai restaurant. My friend got the papaya salad which was a big enough portion and really light and refreshing! Overall, nice place for happy hour and good option for large groups.Good happy hour deals. Great pad kee mao, which costs $7 during happy hour and is maybe 1/2 or 2/3 of the dinner portion size. It was sufficiently filling that we could wait a few hours before getting ice cream at a dessert place.The restaurant's decor and service were above average but the food was just ok. We had the salmon eggrolls, shrimp rolls, and payapa salad for appetizers. For entrees, we ordered the drunken noodles, angry beef, and hanoi porkchop. 
After reading the reviews, we were expecting more but all the dishes were simply average. Our experience wasn't a poor one but given the amount of quality restaurants around the area, i doubt we'll be going back anytime soon.Excellent food and great for veggies (tofu instead of meat ) 
Our server was great too !my boyfriend and i have tried almost every chicken pad thai dish in center city. xiandu thai wins by a landslide. we usually get it delivered on lazy days and are thrilled with the quick delivery service, but we went to the actual restaurant for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and we were very impressed. the atmosphere in the restaurant is trendy and is perfect for a nice, but not-too-fancy date night ;)What a delightful surprise! Ended up here on a whim with friends last night after drinks, and all of us were very impressed with Xiandu. 
Our waiter, Brian, was so genuinely excited to tell us about all the good things his restaurant had to offer, and highlighted that the chef was from Burma and all the sauces were homemade with fresh ingredients. On his recommendation, we got a few dishes to share family style, and we were so happy with the choice. We split the yellow curry, Singapore pai-koot shortribs, and the Thai chili mango. All of us agreed that it was some of the best Thai food we'd had in the city. The curry was smooth and creamy, the ribs were melty and flavorful, and the Thai chili mango was a fresh take on a general tso's style take out dish. 
But seriously, stop by. Ask for Brian, and if you're lucky, he'll tell you some of his jokes. And listen to his recommendations! We were so glad we did. 
See ya soon, Xiandu!Shit yeah! Was craving Thai all week in Philly and finally found a place. Seemed like the Thai places in Chinatown were kinda weak looking, or more fusion than Thai. This place was actually a bit fusion also, but pretty tasty. The basil shrimp was a bit oily and had less basil than I'd like, otherwise very tasty. Four stars was enough to make me sweat quite profusely.I ordered the shrimp padThai, it was very salty that I need to drink three glass of water.  In addition, the noodle was a little too soft.  I am giving a two stars because Pad Thai is supposed the most basic dish in a Thai restaurant and they are not able to cook it right.My family and I dined here a couple of months ago and were pleasantly surprised. Host greeted us with a warm smile and seated our party of 8 immediately! We ordered various dishes and drinks, everything was delicious. Our waiter was especially accommodating to our children. Lychee martini is a must try! We will definitely be returning to Xiandu.It's a tad pricier than your traditional Thai/Chinese restaurant, but it is well worth the premium!! Amazing food, lively ambiance, and super friendly/attentive service. Had a great time. Would definitely recommend.Nice place and relax environment... love the service and food... would recommend to everyone and definitely come back again :)My friend and I came in here for dinner on Saturday and were pleased to find we had stumbled into happy hour. Beer and wine were $4 each (8-10 different kinds of fairly standard bottled beer). Appetizers were $4. I got a the tofu "summer roll," which was a cold roll of tofu and a few veggies wrapped up in a clear noodle. It was pretty tasteless (and uncannily similar to the cold tofu wrap available at Trader Joe's). Not terrible for $4 (happy hour price), but I definitely wouldn't get that again. My entree, tofu pad thai, was much better. I got it extra spicy, and it was quite spicy! It came with a pleasant variety of vegetables (including cauliflower). A good deal at the happy hour price of $7.Best Thai food I can find for takeout - I live in Old City.  Curries vary in spiciness from very hot to mild, so you need to specify how hot you want it.  The bok choy is terrific.  Recommend.In town for a training at TJU.  Best Thai iced tea I've ever had. Service was wonderful. Had the sexy fingers, angry beef, and chicken pad thai. BYOB and dinner will be set. Cozy place, nice decor. Still has the new restaurant smell.Great food!  Love the 'Xiando' chicken!  Brian was our waiter....great guy...very funny and caring!  He also guided us to the best food on the menu!I went here on lunch with one of my friends who recommended this place. They have special lunch package. I ordered Thai basil eggplant and tofu, my friend ordered xiandu chicken. Food was spicy to our desired level, flavourful and pleasantly satisfying. The waiter served us side salad first when I enquired about mayonnaise in the salad, he voluntarily changed the salad without mayonnaise to with a sauce. Really appreciate this effort from his end before I could ask him for the same. Since then I have been to xiandu for 4-5 times and every time it is a delightful experience. Only thing is the food is little oily, but they can take care of it if you ask for less oil during ordering the food.Thank god their drunken noodles were good after the hassle I went through with the delivery woman. I was on the phone for over 30 minutes trying to track her down. She rudely insisted that she was in my building when she most certainly was not. 3 blocks later, after a resident of the building she was in hopped on the phone, I finally got my order.
Next time I'll eat in-house.Solid establishment.
I  have my fair share of thai food consumption and I will say Xiandu Thai is one of the best options in center city if you're craving for Thai food. I also want to comment on the customer service as we always get greeted by the front desk staff (regardless of the busiest lunch hours) and get seated with minimum waiting time. Waiters are very pleasant and provide us with plenty of space and time to decide on what we order, I never feel rushed and they're also knowledgeable with the menu items in case you have questions. Water is constantly being filled - I know it's a small thing that people may overlook but I do appreciate the small gesture.
Now onto the food, I often order their pad thai and pad kee mao (drunken noodles), both dishes are consistently good. Come in here for lunch special you'll get complimentary salad or tom yum soup. Other items that I would recommend include their tom yum noodle soup, if you're into bold flavors and craving for a bowl of hot noodle soup. I also loved that they don't skim on the ingredients, the tom yum noodle soup I got have plenty of seafood with good sized prawns and scallops! I've tried their green curry from my friend and it's also very good.  I've sampled some of their appetizers like wings and roti canai, it's as good as you can get from Penang and Banana Leaf in Chinatown. Thai tea is a bit watered-down and lack flavor, but still quite good and refreshing.
Overall, solid 4-star and I'll be coming back for lunch!YUM! We were craving Thai and previously disappointed by a place in China town so ventured here per the great Yelp reviews. My expectations are always on the lower side when it comes to Asian Fusion but we couldn't contain our excitement as all of the food aroma's were sooo overwhelmingly amazing. 
We've been here twice now and recommend highly the papaya salad and duck "tacos" (just try it). Flavors were incredible. The yellow chicken curry wasn't bad but nothing super special. I had a noodle soup the first time I was here that was super good but can't remember off the top of my head which one. Tip: you can request an extra side of chili that was really awesomely spicy 
I wish the Thai iced tea was a bit more potent as it wasn't anything special either.
For dessert we had the coconut ice cream which had a really fun presentation and hits the spot if you're looking for some icing on cake.
Service is very attentive but easy and friendly. It seemed more streamlined the second time we visited. If I were to nitpick I wish they had taken away the chopstick wrappers as our tiny table was running out of space for all the yummy things we ordered. Both dinners were perfect evenings and we can't wait to come back and try more of the menu.Yum! I was on Jefferson's campus looking for a bite to eat with a friend and we agreed on Thai - this place was a great choice!
I ordered the Tom Yum soup and the fried dumplings and my friend got the Penang Curry. The Tom Yum soup was incredible, flavor wise. The one thing I did not enjoy about it was the shrimp in the soup was not de-tailed so it was kind of awkward digging into my soup and getting it out and having to do this. I ended up just not eating the shrimp because of how messy it was and also it kinda tasted like frozen shrimp tossed into my hot soup (not fresh). Otherwise, though, the soup was excellent...Maybe they should just nix the shrimp as an ingredient? The dumplings at first tasted good but once they cooled down a bit were just fried dough with random, somewhat flavorless stuffing so I only ended up eating about half of them.
The Penang curry, however, redeemed the dumplings! I normally do not like coconut or coconut flavored things. This, however, was delicious!!! It was served with your typical white rice in a pot and was so perfect. Must. try. It has slightly redeemed coconut for me and I find myself wishing I had ordered the same thing.
The service was prompt and the waiter was friendly and attentive (as much as he could be - he was often slightly delayed due to a very big party next to us but that clearly wasn't his fault). When we wrapped up, he gave us 10% discount for being Jefferson students just because he saw our IDs - we did not know about the discount and hadn't asked for it and I thought this was awesome so he gets five stars (wish I would've caught his name...next time). He also was very helpful with the spice level. He suggested a lower spice level (3) then what we were going for (4) and turned out to be right, but brought out hot sauce for us just incase he was wrong and we wanted more spice (we didn't). 
The inside is a lot nicer than what we expected with soft lighting and modern seating. It's not what you expect based on the sign/outside. There are two full screen TVs above the bar and a whole back dining area. 
All in all, this place seems to have some fabulous but also some sub par menu items so if you feel like having some Thai food in the area, I would definitely give it a shot.just went again and got the massaman curry! so delicious!  i asked for peanut sauce on the side (and it was not a problem and they were quite generous) and it was AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING with the curry. 
also got their roti something and it was DELICIOUS too! LOVE the place and love the service!I give this five stars because I've been wishing and hoping for a decent Thai place in this neighborhood for five years. This place is legit - real flavors, real spice, plenty of veggies in the mix, and very friendly people.  I've only had take-out so far, but it's easily at the top of my take-out list now. The Mee Goreng is my favorite. Best Thai I've had in Philadelphia.I was ordering from this restaurant, the food never showed up and the girl in the other side of the phone was extremely rude!  I was was waiting an hour and a half before I called them and in the end I never got the order. 
I loved this restaurant before but the way that girl spoke to me was really bad!Food: Pad Thai w/Chicken
Beverage: Thai Iced Tea
---------------------------
I stopped here for brunch. The dining area was rather dark but it helped give the place a cool feeling on a hot day. The Thai tea was darker than what I'm used to (less cream?) but as good as ever. The Pad Thai was well portioned and rich with flavor. I ended up taking about a third of it home with me as it was very filling. The prices were reasonable and the service was attentive and friendly. Overall a pleasant first experience at what may become my regular Thai place in center city. Would recommend.Could not have been more thoroughly impressed. We live in New York City and have been in town for my mom's surgery at nearby Jefferson Hospital. We stumbled in here with no expectation and were greeted by the most lovely Thai hostess/owner. This is the real deal, she owns it with her sister who is the chef. There is nothing comparable in Manhattan.
Also note that if you need to eat gluten-free, they are well-versed on what you should order. I loved the split pea soup, the mango shrimp stirfry, the tom kha soup. If you like spicy, which we do, trust them when they tell you not to go above level two. Wow. Phenomenal and thoroughly enjoyed our two perfect meals and intend to go back whenever we are in town again.We had a great dinner to celebrate my wife's birthday yesterday (December 17, 2014) and had a great meal !!!
We met Nancy (one the the managers) and talked to her for a few minutes about what  the plans were for this new restaurant.  She was the best - friendly, sincere and engaging to get our input.   The ingredients used were about the freshest I've tasted in all the recent Thai food we have eaten in the past few years (and we eat alot of Thai food)  Also, the quantity of food was very good and the prices were reasonable.
As our daughters live close to Xiandu, we will be back many times when we visit them.  I have a feeling that this is one of those restaurants that will grow just by word of mouth.  Hopefully when we come back, we can get a good seat.   If you love Thai Food, you will absolutely love Xiandu !!!!!
One more thing - Brian, the waiter, was excellent.  He was also a standup comic - as he told us a few jokes.Meh. 
I ordered dinner from Xiandu while staying a few blocks away. I will say I am picky about Thai food and struggled with this rating...
Food: 2 stars
Delivery: 4 stars
Food:
I ordered Pad Kee Mao, spicy. It was okay...somewhat bland aside from the spice and very greasy. The portion was big. 
Delivery: 
Quick and easy. Ordered through Yelp and the food arrived to my hotel lobby quickly. 
I'm, honestly, really surprised that the rating is what it is but then again, maybe I just ordered wrong. Either way, not really interested in trying it again.The three stars are for excellent food much needed in the area. Two stars less was because of service. Waiter was rude, inattentive, and rushing us. Maybe they need help with service. The food will bring me back and if that waiter is there, I will ask for takeoutThe Panang Curry and the Thai Iced Tea were delicious, and the service was quick and pleasant. The decor is simple but the place is pretty and comfortable. Absent are the funk of Chinatown and the high prices of the "themed" Asian restaurants. This is my is my new favorite Thai spot. I can't wait to come back for the Laksa!I am in Philly fairly often for work and have had a chance to check this restaurant out twice.  The owner is so welcoming and helpful, the bartenders and host all provide excellent service.  The drinks are good and strong and the food is nice and spicy.  I order the Pad Kee Mao, or drunken noodles and their version has nice chunky veggie and meat, perfectly cooked noodles and delicious, spicy flavor.  This place definitely goes on the list of my favorite thai restaurants in philly.Pretty good. Ordered the Pad Kee Mao with beef for delivery. The portion size was good for the price and it tasted great. Definitely adding this to my list of places to eat while in Philly.We were wary about the parking here but luckily got a street spot and it was a sign of good things to come. The BBQ wings aren't really that flavor but give you all the elements -sweet, smoky, spice. The Asian dumplings did leave something to be desired as the casing was huge compared to filling but still very good. My husband had the Xiandu Chicken which was very flavorful and both sweet and savory. Best part is the chicken wasn't fried despite the description. I always try the Thai Basil at a new place and was not disappointed.  Best part they actually made it Thai spicy. The restaurant was well laid out and designed. The server was very pleasant. We agreed this may be our new go to Thai (parking gods willing).My best friends and I visited on Christmas Eve, December 2014. My experience from walking in to walking out was one of my best restaurant experiences I ever had in Philadelphia ever. Nancy and Brian were AWESOME! They gave us VIP treatment the entire time. And what made our experience the absolute best? The food was absolutely delicious. I ordered Pad Thai and it was a huge portion. Also you must try the sexy fingers. They were ssooo good. The Red Curry was delicious and so were the many more items I wanted to try. Nancy and Brian gave us great recommendations and I can't wait to go back to try new things.
I highly recommend this place and I can easily see Xiandu as being a city favorite by Spring.Delicious!  A little bit pricey for lunch, but fantastic pad thai, great service and a beautifully re-done restaurant space.  I highly recommend it.Thai food lovers...you should at least try this restaurant once..the food was fresh and awesome.. for vegetarians...so many options with tofu and veggie..we tried green curry, red curry and pad kee mao..planning to go there again..the down side is the cost is little on higher side..other than that it's a good one for wintery cold night..Took my family here visiting from outta town.  Outstanding!  Was able to get a table without a reservation at 5:30 p.m. on a Sat night.  (The
 owner probably isn't thrilled about that but it it's great news for us procrastinating foodies.)
Everyone in our party of 5 LOVED their dishes, including me.....striped bass was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Decor is nice and modern but not too much.  Hostess was wearing a hooded Nike sweatshirt which made her look put of place and underdressed  comparison to the decor.....which is precisely one of the reasons you'll love it.  Completely nice unpretentious staff.  Food came out fast.
Dumpling apps amazing.  Fried rice phenomenal.  My wife is Chinese and hates so many Asian restaurants....she loved this place.
Walking distance from Center city Marriott's.
We come here once  year for a gymnastics meet and we have already decided this is our go to Dinner spot after Reading Terminal for lunch.When you're feeling Thai Food anytime of the day, this Philly gem is there for you. With a modest happy hour menu, a selection of savory dishes, and friendly staff; made Xiandu on your visit to Philly.A great find!
Randomly picked Xiandu as something different before our show at the Walnut St Theater. We were not disappointed. 
I usually only get Pad Thai at Thai restaurants, and asked our waiter for help picking out something else. He suggested the Massaman Curry, and it was out of this world. My husband had the Sen Mee Tom Yum noodle soup, which he loved as well. We also got the Fried Calamari - I did not like the Mango Lime sauce, but there was another sauce that came with it that was really good. Our waiter was very attentive, constantly refilling our water and asking if we needed anything. 
My only complaint would be that the bathrooms seemed like an afterthought, and although this isn't the most important thing, it made a poor impression before I left. The toilet seat was broken, the cleaning products were all over the floor. It would be fairly cheap and easy for them to have invested in a cabinet under the sink. This isn't a reflection of the wonderful food or service, just left a bad impression after the restaurant was so sharp looking and well kept.
We'd definitely come back.Pretty awesome Thai food...have only had takeout, so not sure of the restaurant itself, but delivery gets to me pretty quick and the food is always awesome. Favorites are pad see ew and their drunken noodles. Beef jerky appetizer is also pretty good...spicy and sweet and delicious.I am in Philly for a conference with a coworker and we both agreed to have Thai food. Xiandu was recommended to me by another Yelper and it is very close to our hotel. The restaurant has really modern upscale interior and the staff are friendly and helpful while still giving space to relax. He had the Pai Koot and I had the Seafood Lover. We each thoroughly liked our meals! I tried Tiger Lager for the first time and it was excellent. For desert,  we shared a small pot of Jasmine tea and one serving of green tea ice cream; both were excellent. Save some time for Xiandu Thai!Loved everything I had here. The place was clean and modern. Service was friendly and fast. Food was beautiful and tasty.Stumbled upon this Thai restaurant as we were exploring the area.  We were greeted & seated immediately.  The food & service was outstanding.  We had a salad and the Xianding chicken - the flavor & presentation of the dishes were great.  I recommend trying this place when you're in Philly!