They don't take a debit card... What??? I call for delivery and say my whole order and when it comes time to finish the call. I'm told we only take cash... It's 2016 are you serious?!?!?!This place is ridiculously awesome. You order food from them and like 5 minutes later the delivery guy (who is possibly the nicest person I ever met) is knocking on your door. Food is hot and tasty. Haven't had a bad meal yet. Darth gives Xinying two enthusiastic thumbs up.Best Chinese delivery in the Port Fishington area! Super quick, food comes hot, portions are huge, food is delicious, and the veggies are always fresh. The other Chinese joints aren't even close.I had Xingying delivery for the first time the other day. I ordered the General Tso's chicken with pork fried rice combination platter, a pint of lo-mein, and crab rangoon.
Literally FIFTEEN MINUTES later a man was standing at my door with a brown paper grocery bag FILLED TO THE TOP with food. It was heavy as hell too. When i brought it inside, i took everything out and couldn't believe how much food they gave me. I was thoroughly pleased. They gave me what I ordered, PLUS fried wontons, 3 egg rolls, those fried egg noodle things, and 3 fortune cookies. The food was fresh, piping hot, tasted great, and didnt leave my stomach feeling like i just drank a gallon of bacon grease. The food lasted me three days, and I ate until i was full all three times. This place just gets it right. No bullshit, good food, reasonable prices (all of that food came out to just under 15 dollars delivered!) and very timely service. That is why whenever i want chinese food, i dont even think about it, i just pick up the phone and call XingYing, and I know some bangin ass chinese food will be at my door soon. I actually get excited waiting for it.This place is sweet, I can never find anywhere in Fishtown to order a decent meal after about 8pm, always fast too.got our food delivered.  it was very good chinese food for what I was expecting.  the general tsous checking was delicious and the mooshoo chicken was ok.  Good egg fried rice.  great price and delivery was SOOO fast.  good stuff; havent eaten anywhere else, we just moved here so thus far its good!Fresh, fast, affordable. Friendly staff and always good food. I've never had a bad meal from this place and thank God it's walking distance from my house. All their selections are extremely well made. And the wonton soup is probably one of the best one had from a Chinese take out place.I love this place. Good food, amazingly fast delivery (I feel like they arrive before I get off the phone with them) and the delivery guy is super nice!Not bad at all! Surprised by the taste, it wasn't over salted, overly greasy, MSG mess. I did ask for little to no oil so that may have played a part in why it tasted that way. 
Overall, I didn't find anything wrong with my food. The restaurant could use a cleaning... maybe a little remodel- but what Chinese place is perfectly clean? Answer: None that I know of. Even the "nicer" ones down town still have ick on the windows and funky food on the curtains.
Price: Excellent. Cheap for the quality you get. 
Overall: I recommend! P.S. You cant eat here, there are no chairs. Its just takeout.Grabbed a pick up order since we we're heading past and heard good things.  Quite pleased and we'll be ordering again.  Thx.Live down the street from this place.  Eat from there all the time best Chinese take out in the area. Owners are always nice and food is ready fast.I give this place a 4 star If you want good chinese urban style food, this it it! My first try has turned me into a fan. Me n the BF ordered sesame chicken w/ pork fried rice and beef chow fun (flat rice noodles) and it was Delish! Fried rice almost as good as Hollywood (Chinatown). So if u want something fast and hot from your neighborhood store, make this your first stop! Enjoy! :)Quick delivery. Hot food. Cheap prices. Tasty dishes. 
What more can you ask for in a take-out Chinese restaurant?Thank you!!!!! I am so happy with this place and recommend everyone is Fishtown to try it out. Super small hole in the wall with extensive menu. No msg. And completely worked with my gluten free diet, what Chinese place do you know that does that? House special ho fun noodles, dry and they are perfectly seasoned and flavorful. Picked up watermelon on the way out and couldn't be more pleased!Wanted to try this place after reading the reviews on Yelp.  Ordered a bunch of different items.  All were average, your basic American Chinese take-out joint.  Not nearly as good as what you can get a few miles away in Chinatown.I live 1.5 miles from this place and called to place a delivery, they told me they can't deliver today maybe tomorrow because they didn't know where my house is. Are you serious!?ok chinese food ,,hard to find good chinese in the fishtown area ,,so this will have to do !    if any of my friends have a suggestion ,,please tell me ,,,,,,,positives about this place ,,they deliver ,,,prices were good , food was hot ,,and it was not bad ,,,just not great !!Only place i'll order from! They have quick delivery, their food is always so good, the people are nice, and i never had a problem with them yet.We ordered Szechuan chicken , shrimp and garlic sauce , chicken and broccoli, house lomein , wonton soup egg roll and pork fried rice the food was vey good and delivery was fast and food was hotThis is the only place I go to for Chinese food in Philly. The food is delicious and the ingredients seem fresh and of good quality unlike most fast service Chinese restaurants. They have reliable delivery and offer many specials. I recommend the beef with broccoli and the Hunan chicken.BEST CHINESE FOOD! Fastest delivery in port richmond/northern liberties/fishtown! It is one of the better ones for the price...not a ghetto looking rundown place. Clean and good people who cook Chinese food to completionXinying is our go to spot for Chinese take-out.  Sesame bean curd is the same as the General Tso's bean curd except with the addition of the sesame seeds.  Also have had their triple jade, green beans and cold sesame noodles.  Lunch portions are large and cheap. 
Subtracting one star because they like to throw in a free appetizer which is usually something meaty and we're vegetarians (shouldn't they realize this from the order?).  Doggy usually gets a few bites, but the rest goes in the trash.  I hate to throw away food - especially when it had to be killed first.
Agree with other reviewers that it far exceptional to Ho Sai Gai.
Note:  Strictly take out and cash only.18 minutes -- a new record. 
We are always impressed with the speed at which these guys get to us. For an average of $22 we get food for 2 or 3 meals. (husband eating spare ribs over sink at 8 AM is apparently a "meal"). 
The food is good and the service is great. 
Favorites... Mushu Pork, Singapore Mae Fun, Any meat & Garlic Sauce, Dim Sum, Spring Rolls, & Pork Spare Ribs!
Did I mention NO MSG.This is by far my favorite delivery spot for Chinese. The food is always consistent, arrives fast and is very cheap. The cuts of meat are not the best but that is to be expected at a place so cheap. I highly recommend the dumplings and wonton soup.Finding good Chinese delivery is so difficult around northern liberties, so when my boyfriend and I came across this gem in our area, we were more than excited for our "lazy-takeout nights in". When they say "15 minutes"...they really do deliver in 15 min. Besides their fast delivery, their food is also amazing. We have tried 4-5 different Chinese takeout places around philly and Xin Ying over exceeds all of them by far. 
We usually order their wonton soup, chicken with broccoli, house lo mein and pork fried rice. All of them, great!   Tonight, we ordered Dragon & Phoenix along with our regular list and surprise...also amazing. We got our food within 25 min which is a plus for a starving boyfriend.
In addition to their fast delivery, their prices are cheaper than a lot of places around northern liberties. 
I highly recommend this place.Great quality, consistency, and price. They are the fastest delivery Chinese food I have encountered. I have literally ordered and had the food at my house in 10 min...its a 6 minute drive. It's my go to for Chinese food.Super fast delivery and a good price for some American style Chinese food.
They also have meal specials at all hours of the day, which is nice when you don't want a motherton of food!
Cash only!Fast delivery, under 20 minutes! Food be good, fresh and HOT!! Chinese food around this areaI guess the other reviewers here aren't as demanding as I am, but this food was pretty poor for a big city Chinese restaurant.  The food just didn't taste good--nothing was fresh, the sauce was bland and greasy.  The Won-Ton Soup tasted like soapy water.  It's cheap and it's close to me, but I won't be going back there.We don't usually get delivery, but opted for it tonight.  Delivery charge was a buck and hot food was here in under 20 mins.  Yes!Really good food in the Fishtown area with quick hot delivery!I ordered both veggie dumplings and pork dumplings (steamed).  Would not recommend the dumplings. Dough was too thick around the outside- they really weren't very good. The veggie ones were filled with those boil-in-bag carrot/peas/onion frozen veggie mix.  
String beans were chewy and over cooked. General tzo's was average.Insane Chinese takeout. Just do it. Make the call and ignore the decor, your mouth will thank you. 
After 2.5 years here, and after countless failed attempts at ordering Chinese food locally, we had resigned ourselves to the fact that we were either a.) Driving to my old favorite Chinese food joint located on the other side of the Ben, or b.) Driving into center city to grab some (rockin) scallion pancakes and soup dumplings at Dim Sum. In any event, a moment of insanity (and some helpful yelp reviews) brought me to pick up the phone and try my hand one last time at finding edible Chinese food that could be delivered to the house.
Not only is it edible, its probably the best take out Chinese I've had. At least within memory. They never mess up an order. Stuff is always hot and amazing. Doesnt make my boyfriend sick (always a plus).  They substitute white meat when asked, only for $1 more, and it always tastes super-duper fresh. And they have brown rice. 
These guys inspired me to write my first Yelp review. The only thing that they could do better is accept credit cards.Very fast delivery and hot food. Friendly guy and didn't get sickI ordered vegetable mei fun, opened it up and it had all noodles with 4 pieces of broccoli, only 4, and NO other vegetables. I called them back to complain, they told me I could drive there and the cook will put more broccoli in it for me. I told them I didn't want more broccoli, I asked for other vegetables since it's "vegetable" mei fun, not broccoli mei fun, they said they they don't have other vegetables to put in it and only offered broccoli, no refund either. Will never order from there again!!I checked this place out based on the last review, and it definitely rocked. I've recently switched neighborhoods and needed a go-to Chinese place, something Fishtown doesn't seem to have much of. Xinying was definitely tasty and reasonably priced. I never have high expectations for Chinese food, but this place hit the spot, I expect I'll be ordering from there again before too long.Our families go to delivery, always fast , very fresh and the best corner store style Chinese restaurant I've had in Philly. You can't go wrong with ordering from them!!I looked here on Yelp to find a good Chinese place in my hood & all the reviews were awesome & true. We had no menu, but they had everything my roommate & I asked for. They delivered exactly 15 mins. after I placed the call (I checked my cell phone for the time). The food was fresh, piping hot & tasty! I got the moo shoo shrimp, & crab rangoons, she got some kinda beef & veggie dish & a pint of chicken fried rice. Everything for $21. We were very impressed with the food, price & fast delivery. I'd say my only complaint was...(and this may be T.M.I)...frequent visits to the potty that night & next day, but I got a sensitive belly. I'd say 2 thumbs up, this will probably be our new regular Chinese food of choice.12 minutes! Thats how long it took from the time I hung up the phone until I was enjoying this delicious food. Food is delicious, affordable, and great variety. My new go-to north of Spring Garden.This Chinese place gets three stars at best, two if you order food during peak times like I usually do. I have tried a little bit of everything from this place. Some examples of the sub par food: The dumplings are terrible (why oh why!) super thick flavorless dough covering a tiny bit of meat. The Generals chicken is all breading and no meat with thick syrupy sauce, The fried rice is bland, Lo mein is bland and frequently dry with overcooked noodles. To their credit the food is always at my door in ten minutes or less, perhaps that explans why the food isn't too good. While I do still occasionaly order from Xinying I am still dreaming of a decent chinese place in the PR/Ftown area.Their delivery is fast and they are pretty cheap! That's what the 2 stars are for because that food sucked!!! The worst chicken noodle soup I've ever had,it had no flavor! I like the dipping sauce (just sweet and sour sauce) but it was good made their chicken wings taste better. I have no idea what the other reviewers are talking about when it comes to their supposed good food! I need each and every one of you to come follow me and I show u all a few places.Best local Chinese takeout/delivery in the area.  The food isn't overly greasy and I don't have an MSG hangover after eating.  I especially like their little crab wonton things they throw in there for free when you spend enough money.  
Oddly enough, my favorite thing on their menu is the sauteed string beans.  Very delicious.
I just urge you not to actually step foot in this place.  That will ruin it for you.Straight up dead roach in my food. This was a couple of months back. I'm reviewing now because I was back on yelp and looking for Chinese food near me and this place is the closest. I stopped. Coming here when I saw the roach in my lo mein. Now I think of that dead roach every time I pass by this place. Shame because I used to go here every other month.Mediocre at best. I suppose its ok for Chinese delivery. It's cheap.  It's fast.  The menu is big. As with most delivery places they offer free stuff with your order.  It's probably the best delivery in the Fishtown-Kensington area but far from the best in Philly. A lot of times the chicken is questionable, but I'm picky when it comes to animal products. 
A little annoyed that on my last order they did not include soy sauce.I really liked my Lo Mein with rice here! I was impressed by the taste because it was amazing and it was really affordable. The lady in front was very nice and helpful when placing my order. She even offered a free water bottle. The reason why knocked 1 star was because she seem sad, depressed and didn't wanted to be there and I'm kinda like a sponge. I absorb the environment and peoples energy which kinda made me sad being there also lol. Other than that the kitchen seem decently clean (I hope) and the food was great! I will be coming back if and when I come to Philly, thanks.So fast and maybe the best General Tso's Tofu I've had in Philly. Extremely inexpensive as well!WARNING: CASH ONLY
After being cooped up from the storm, hunger was on my mind. I've looked relentlessly for decent Chinese food in Port Richmond, and I'm happy to report I finally found it. 
I call up about 45 minutes til closing wanting to make an order for pick up. As I ordered some of the dishes, the person on the phone wanted to verify I knew exactly what I was ordering. Not just reading back the items I ordered but more so confirming I knew what was in the dish. I was shocked. I've never experienced that, be it takeout or a dine-in. Everything I ordered totaled $22, and they said the food would be ready in 10-15 minutes. I thought the pricing was considerably low. I even started to doubt the food would be any good. 
I walk in, pick up the food and head back home. Everything I ordered was there, hot and looked delectable. Maybe this place does more business than Yelp led me to believe. The food isn't overly seasoned or greasy. It's great food, fast service, portion sizes are big, and they even threw in Egg Rolls because the purchase was over $20. I'm very pleased and so is my stomach. I can't wait to eat the rest of my leftovers tomorrow.Don't... just don't... I went off of a recommendation to order food and as much as I want to support local businesses my husband and I did not feel good after eating our meals from Xinying. I'm not sure if it's the oil they use or the quality of the food but we both were sick to our stomachs and couldn't stop drinking water. It's a shame because the order arrived hot and sooner than promised so we may actually give them one more chance but I honestly don't want to feel sick again and maybe not...Found this place by accident and the food is amazing, it's the cleanest Chinese take out I've ever seen, the people are wonderful and delivery service is quick. I have tried all the locals in the area and this is by far the best yet. There is only one place better but it's not around here it's in holmesburg . I am going to be a regular here....Fast, reliable, and much better than you would think! Like for real, they come within half an hour of you ordering it, so have cash on hand. The dumplings in particular are the best I have had outside of Chinatown. Hands down the best glass window chinese carryout I have had in the city.My first review ever because this place deserves it. Best chinese take out ever! I only ever order the same thing because it never fails. The crab rangoos are absolutely rich and creamy it makes mouths water! I order them at fancy pantsy places just to compare but Xinyings still top the list. Make sure you get all white chicken if poultry is in your order. It is $1 xtra but totally worth it. The grains of rice are white and well and the lo mein noodles will oodle your wildest noodle fantasies. Not to mention the speedy service is superb.  Just hang up and open your wallet and BOOMMMM just like that the "boss" is there. Enjoy... and happy eating.Really great prices for lunch. A container full of food, plus soup for $5. Food was good. I peaked in the kitchen and it looked clean which is a big concern for me at restaurants but I was perfectly comfortable with what I saw. Staff was friendly. It is cash only so be aware of that they don't tell you until you go to pick it up.