Good drinks, good vibe, nice view.
Been there a bunch of times -- yeah, I'm a fan. Great place for a romantic dinner or simply to start the night with friends. I can't really rate the food 'cause I haven't had an official meal there yet (only small bites), but the service and the drinks are good -- some days better than others, but still acceptable. I like to sit on the balcony when it's warm out. It's a fun experience.
Definitely a fan of their restroom, too. It is clean and elegant, I like that! :)
Going there with a large crowd can be a pain though because the sitting is so...awkward. That's what I don't like about XIX. That, and that usually the people who go there are such snubs. Yikes. 
But overall, it is a good place.Beautiful dining room above the Hyatt.  I always dine here when I am in Philly.  Started with the Caesar salad then had the steak frites with white truffle oil.  A bottle of white.  The apple crisp and cappuccinos for dessert.  Start with drinks at the bar which has pretty views.I've been here a few times, once for dinner, once for Sunday brunch and another time just hanging out at the bar. I've enjoyed myself everytime! I've gotten the steak both times (dinner and brunch)...D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. I also ate several slices of cheescake at brunch until I was completely stuffed. The service is alway great...I love this place.The decor and  view from this restaurant is absolutely gorgeous... A definite hot spot for a romantic dinner.
Food was cooked to perfection, service was exceptional - very courteous and prompt. I'll definitely be coming back!Excellent food, lovely ambiance, light and airy, not too noisy, with pleasant and attentive servers. But that's not all. The 3-course prix fixe lunch is my favorite. The first course is a buffet of salads, meats, and cheeses. Then you get a choice of entrees made to order. The arctic char with broccolini and couscous was delicious! Finally, a dessert buffet with a nice variety of small portion cakes, cookies, and mousses. I have been there for lunch many times and will return and recommend it to friends.I've ended up here twice within the last week with friends, and I have to say I'd forgotten how much I love it. For some reason I never remember to go to XIX - maybe because it's on the 19th floor of a hotel, or because it's in the middle of Broad St., but regardless I have resolved to start going there more often.
The ambiance is spectacular - one of the most physically beautiful bar spaces in Philly I'd say, with that old hotel bar glamour that is harder and harder to find these days. High ceilings and windows, low light, a fireplace in the winter (which is reason to go there in and of itself) and gorgeous balcony seating in the summer...if you need a romantic and lavish date spot, this is your place. 
There is a fairly good selection of wines, although they're categorized in a slightly odd way (e.g. full bodied, medium bodies, etc.), that are not exorbitantly priced for a hotel bar. The calamari is also wonderful, although the cheese plate is a bit sparse for the price tag. It's also not too overcrowded or loud on Fri and Sat nights, which is a welcome respite from the midtown/Sansom St. craziness.Mice!!!!!
Just left happy hour and saw a mouse running around the bar. Definitely not returning!!!I took my bf to celebrate his bday.  I opted to book via OpenTable-- seamless process. 
We were running late (per usual) I called to inform the hostess and they were accommodating. The ambiance is to DIE for. The pearl chandelier is simply breathtaking.  After checking-in and admiring the architecture, we were seated. Our waitress (I forgot her name) was an ANGEL. She was very well versed on the menu and made meal and wine pairing suggestions. I opted for seafood and the beau ordered a steak-- heavenly! We had the last seating and not one did we feel rushed! Our waitress went over and beyond, she was very friendly and personable and helped in adding special touches (like lighting a candle when dessert came out). I also asked if we could take pictures on the balcony-- she said it was closed but she could see what she can do. Sure enough, at the end of dinner she opened the door for us to take pictures. The view was AMAZING. Our waitress was soooooooooooooo gracious. 
I definitely recommend this place for a romantic dinner, wedding, rendez-vous--- whatever. 
After dinner, we went to the lounge to order more drinks. You could honestly make a night out of just the lounge area.This is my first review on Yelp and sadly I have to give what used to be one of my very favorite happy hour spots one star. I have been coming to XIX for happy hour for years and I have always loved it. It has a relaxed vibe, its beautiful, and has great bar food. I went today to celebrate a friends birthday with a few drinks before venturing out into the city's nightlife and was greeted by a mouse in the lounge area! Totally unacceptable for a place of its caliber and reputation. Get an exterminator please!!!Good fries! Sit at the bar, comfy chairs and you can see the view of the city a little higher up than in the lounge. Happy hour is pretty good, the staff was attentive and the atmosphere is great!Wow. The main dinning room with the over sized pearl chandelier was beutiful. Food was crazy good. Next time I go I will order 2 appetizers. I came here for valentines day and the choice was perfect. I felt romanced by the experiance.Well, I had heard that happy hour here was a must. I'll say that it was good to experience  it. We got there at 6 on 12/31 we were able to find seats and after about 10 mins a waitress approached  us. The drinks for happy hour are mostly sweet drinks, something  I don't  really care for but I found a good drink not  overly sweet once you ask for the simple syrup  to be scaled back. It was a pear drink tasty and easy going down. The bf was unhappy with his first drink which was tequila and melon liquor ( I tried to warn him). We ordered the seafood platter for 2, it was good and well presented. The waitress was attentive until we were done took about 15-20 mins to get our check. All in all the service  in the beginning  was great, I had better happy hour drinks. Don't see this as a place for a return visit for me.Great 3 course lunch.  Everything from the wait staff to the expresso was wonderful.  If you haven't had lunch here, it is a must.We had Sunday Brunch at Nineteen XIX.  The place was great.  The atmosphere was was wonderful, it reminded of us at places we had eaten at in Europe.  They play chill style music giving the place a upbeat feel not stuffy at all.  The service was a bit slow due to the place being busy without being out of control.  They really went out of their way to makes us feel both welcomed and comfortable.  The dress is nice casual yet we saw hotel guests who were in work out clothes.  The brunch is set up with a raw bar to start with shrimp and oysters and other assorted fresh salads and lox and bagels.  Then you order off the menu.  We had the Crab cake Benedict which was really good.  I  have had this before at other places and yet this was one of the best Crab cake Benedict I have had.  Desert was also done similar to the raw bar you go and help yourself to all you want.  The table is set up with different types of deserts everything from chocolate croissants to cookies and tarts of different styles.  Over all we really liked Nineteen XIX and would return.  It was a great change of pace from what brunch has turned into these days of loud talking and people taking selfies, wait staff feeling that they are doing you a favor by serving you food at a too close to the next selfi taking table.  You won't find this at Nineteen XIX .  Take a chance and go.After a long day of traveling,  settling in,  ironing, and resolving my Internet connectivity issues it was finally time to eat. I had nothing since breakfast so decided to hit the hotel restaurant. I quickly noticed the refined decor and attentiveness of the wait staff. I went big and bold because I starving. The fish and chips and a Guinness were very tasty and satisfying. The fresh succulent fish was not overpowered by the batter. The tartar sauce was exquisitely flavored to give a perfect pairing. The chips were golden brown and served hot. The Guinness was a perfect pint served at the perfect temperature!Dined here Saturday night with 2 other couples. Nineteen is a beautiful restaurant; classy, elegant space with great views of the Philadelphia skyline. For me, the room was the best part of my experience. While the food was good (not great), it was very expensive with very small portions. The kind of portions that leave you hungry when done - and we all had 4 courses.
The service was disappointing for such an upscale restaurant. Salads came out with our appetizers, silverware not being replaced when taken with finished courses, not being offered coffee with our desserts. The staff seemed generally untrained.  This may not seem like much, but when the tab comes to $100/pp you should expect a lot. At least I do.
Dining at Nineteen left me underwhelmed, but with confidence that I won't be returning at least for dinner. Their bar on the other hand was great. A cozy, upscale environment with great bartenders serving very well made cocktails. I wouldn't hesitate to return to the bar, if not the restaurant itself. Cheers!We came to the lounge Saturday night for drinks. Located on the 19th floor, the lounge area offers a wonderful view of the city at nighttime. When we arrived around 11pm, the outdoor patio was full. There weren't many outdoor seating areas; three or four tables per balcony, first come first serve! My friend at I sat at the lounge instead, where there are nice booths that wrap around the tall windows. We missed the sunset, but other patrons at the bar told us it's a beautiful vantage point from XIX. The magic champagne flute and the private label reds were good. Excellent ambience and service.So I made reservations for a post graduation lunch thinking that this would be a special place. We got there on time but two others in our group were caught in traffic. We were denied seating until the others came. Because they were 15 minutes late we were to be forced to have lunch in the bar. The staff was rude and not interested in any type of customer service. Not cool, XIX. We did not stay.Once upon a time, there was a solo luncher who happened upon the Cafe Lunch at XIX....
Sometimes, I feel a wee bit awkward when I'm out lunching by myself, but I didn't feel the least bit out of place at XIX.  The staff was nice and attentive.  I got sat at a nice table near the window.  I went with the Cafe Lunch, which was a buffet of salads and various meats and cheeses and desserts AND an entree of your choice from the kitchen PLUS coffee and tea.  
I helped myself to a carrot and chickpea slaw, some apple, walnut, and blue cheese salad, and a touch of cheese (brie, gouda, and bleu).  For the main course, I ordered the grilled corvino served in middle eastern-type spices.  The corvino had the texture and flavor of swordfish, which can be quite firm and even tough, if overcooked.  I thought the fish was ok.  Then I helped myself to a tasting of every item on the dessert bar.....was this necessary??? of course!!  The fresh berries alone were worth 3 trips to the bar. :P
Overall, I enjoyed the service and atmosphere the most.  Lunch was relaxing, and my waitress Danielle was pleasant.  The sourdough roll that was brought to me was really, really good - nice and soft on the inside and light and crusty on the outside...plus they served it with room temperature butter, which I am always amazed to still find places that serve me cold butter at the table... I also enjoyed the teas: the ginger peach iced tea and the Vanilla Oblong hot tea.  The food wasn't astronomically good, but it wasn't bad either.  I will definitely be back.  Next time, I'll bring friends to share this place with.  But on a side note, if you're not completely comfortable eating by yourself, this is one of the best places to do it.I don't know where the reviewers below were eating, it wasn't at the XIX where I dined last evening.
I have dined at more than a dozen of Philadelphia magazine's top 100 restaurants, and this is near the top.
First, the room, with its soaring domed ceilings, and large windows looking out over the city , is one of the best restaurant settings in the city.
Next, the Octopus appetizer I ordered was perhaps the best octopus that I have been served, and my venison entree was equally fabulous.  My wife could not stop raving about her Monkfish entree.
The service was friendly and not over attentive, and when the entrees were a bit slow to arrive, our server topped up our wine glasses for free.
Finally, the prices were very reasonable for the high quality of food and service.
This is a definite favorite.I once told someone that if had to describe heaven on earth, it would exist at during lunchtime in the rotunda of XIX. The well lit, manicured setting can make any guest feel like they're out for a luncheon with kings. It's the perfect escape from a busy work day, and I always take advantage of the lunch buffet special: spread of meats, cheeses, and salads to start. Then you order your entree of choice, and you complete the meal with another buffet of desserts. Be forewarned, you should definitely attend on an empty stomach and get ready for a food coma if you overindulge. However for $22 (price recently increased from $20), I'd say this is a discounted rate for high class entertainment. XIX is where I will go for birthday celebrations and to charm out-of-town guests.I'm surprised how poor the service is at a restaurant like this. I guess the location is good so that the management takes their customers for granted. Will not visit again.I absolutely love this place.  This review has been well overdue and will consist of at least 3 of my experiences (if you want a short version, scroll all the way down to the caps that says "SHORT VERSION"). First off, don't come for restaurant week because it won't do the food any justice.  The food was ok during restaurant week, but whatever you do, DON'T let that be your first experience (I wish I could highlight this last line, but Yelp doesn't give me that ability).
They have a bar in their "Library" which is located right outside of Restaurant XIX and their drinks are great even during happy hour.  Going there for their happy hour apps?  If you don't have any allergies to shellfish, I highly recommend the jumbo lump crab cake; there are no fillers.  I repeat, "There. Are. No. Fillers."
The drinks change with the season; my favorite was the Grand Dame when it was made with lillet, basil, and I think champagne.  As of right now (8/25/2016), the Grand Dame is currently made with vanilla vodka and espresso (still very good!)
The restaurant is beautiful...so beautiful that this is where my husband and I held our wedding!  Our wedding took place in August.  We had the 2 balconies to us.  The weather was nice, the glow of the setting sun kissed the room with such delicate light that there was no need for any wedding decor.  You know what we had?  A DJ and uplighting when the sun went down.  Anything else would've taken away from the architectural beauty!
The young lady who helped us with our wedding in XIX was Jamie.  Bless her heart.  She filled in all of the little things that I missed, like table numbers and little bags for the candy bar.  She was not a push over and followed up with me periodically.  Our bartender for the night was Rasheed.  He kept up with all of the drink orders and even though I couldn't get the Grand Dame as my signature drink, he made sure the one he made was similar!  Those two really made our wedding special!  The staff also helped set aside food on our sweetheart table so that we wouldn't miss out on any of the deliciousness while mingling with our guests. According to our guests, the food was amazing!  I can't tell you what we selected, but to this day, my friends still rave about the beef and h'ourderves. 
Fast forward to our 1 year later to our anniversary, I ordered the flat iron steak, hubby ordered the manicotti and we both had a Grand Dame.  My steak was cooked to perfection where it melted in my mouth.  The steak laid on a bed of whipped and fluffy mashed potatoes and decorated with sauteed onions and peppers that gave it the right amount of sweetness against the subtle saltiness of the steak.  I had a bite of manicotti and that was warm and cheesy...if I had to describe it, I'd have to say I pictured myself sitting in an Italian Granny's kitchen on a summer afternoon eating something that was made with tender loving care.
For those of you who made it this far, I thank you for taking the time to read my trip down memory lane.  For those who wanted the short version here it goes:
SHORT VERSION:
Food: 5/5- Get the steak if you're a carnivore!  I requested mine "medium"
Ambiance: 5/5- Very romantic...need I say more?
Location: 5/5 - They have their own parking lot at the Bellevue
Staff: 5/5- Rasheed was the best...guess who was our server for our anniversary?  Rasheed!  He's the man, very charming, love his smile!
Price: 5/5- Listen, food was great, decor was great, location was great, the price is fair and that makes it great!
Here's another tip: When calling in for a reservation, you can absolutely ask to be seated on the balcony if the weather permits.Swank central! This bar on the top of the Bellevue Hotel is a great spot. Friends and I had drinks and
snacks here before attending Swan Lake. There were more tuxedos than jeans in this establishment.
The lighting is dim and there is a small bar as well as tables for you to sit at. There are huge windows
showing a gorgeous view of Philadelphia on one side of the bar. We were lucky enough to catch the
sunset that particular evening and it was spectacular.
They have a nice wine selection and have both bottle and glass options. There were also some great
snack options that are different then the actual dining room. We had a goat cheese and rosemary
flatbread. This was excellent. The goat cheese wasn't too overpowering but provided lots of flavor.
There were also shoestring fries, cheese plates, calamari and a lot of other yummy treats.
The bartenders were also a joy. They loved chatting about our evening event, wine, great places to eat
in Philly and also gave great service. For a special occasion, this is a nice place to enjoy a drink."One word to describe me: spectacular, YES!" 
If lounges could talk, XIX would probably have taken that gem of a phrase straight from Julez Santana's mouth. 
You take the elevator to the 19th floor. Wood paneling and mirrors envelop you. There is no ding. The doors open. Chandelier. Hallways. Passageways. 
The dining area is nearly empty. It's almost midnight after all.
But the bar is bustling with the most enticing Bond crowd you've yet seen. The attendees at this evening soiree buzz about their business. Some stand at the bar. Other sit at low tables leaning toward each other to either perpetuate the vibe or see one another over the dimly lit candle. 
Couples canoodle in the corner booths where the view of Philadelphia is absolutely astounding. If you're feeling daring, step out onto the deck where you can not only see the skyline, but feel the breath of Philadelphia enclose you in her embrace. 
Drinks are ordered quickly and delivered promptly in spite of the bustle.
The Merlot was fruity; the Jack and Coke expertly blended (there is something to be said for perfect proportions of alcohol and soda); the Long Island Iced Tea zesty and zingy.I've been here for drinks and for dinner. I've had a great experience for drinks, and a so-so experience for dinner.
I absolutely would recommend this place for cocktails. The ambiance is great and the bartender makes excellent cocktails. 
I would absolutely suggest going elsewhere for dinner. The service was mediocre. When we arrived the hostess had her back to the door and was on the phone. She did not acknowledge me or my husband. So, we proceeded down the hallway towards the bar and dining area. The hostess eventually caught up with us and was quite rude, explaining to us we needed reservations (we had them). Our dining experience afterwards was OK. The service was fine and the food was OK. Considering the bill I expect much better service and better food.so i made it my business to get here for RW2011. conclusion: beautiful atmosphere (saw the sun setting through the large windows), delicious food, but pushed out the door. was that because of RW? or is it normally like that? i wouldnt know, i cannot fathom spending upwards of $70 for a meal here on a regular basis, so i may never know..So went back for cocktails in front of the fire. It turns out to be a gas fireplace. It, along with the douchbags at the bar, managed to suck all the air out of the room.  Now we know and we don't need to go back.I love it! Great food with a creative menu and nice bar food.  The appetizers are a bit pricey (not so for dinner) but it has a fabulous happy hour with $6 cocktails.  It makes for a lovely evening if you can get there early and start with happy hour and end with dinner in one of the main dining rooms.  It's in a beautiful location, the Bellview.  Built in 1914, it's the oldest hotel in Philadelphia, and the architectural elements add to the atmosphere's elegance.  Love the Mushroom Risotto made with local mushrooms and asparagus.  The Steak and Shoe String Fries were great.  And we loved the presentation (and taste) of their cheesecake.This restaurant has problems . Do not go here . They are seriously understaffed.  The staff on hand did their best but for a supposedly high end restaurant the experience was not up to par at all. Food was cold and wait for food was long after being seated .  I will NOT be returning .Came in for tea on a Saturday afternoon, they have a deck area so the doors were open and the restaurant was beautiful.
The afternoon tea consisted of finger sandwiches. Pastry, and crumpets with clotted cream. You choose your own tea and they give you a small whole pot.I love the decor and the menu. I had my 30th birthday party in the private dining room here and returned for a romantic dinner recently. I had a reservation requesting a window seat. Upon arriving I was told that I could be sent immediately or wait 15 minutes for a window seat. I chose to wait and asked if I could have a few drinks at an outside table while I waited. The area looked deserted, so I asked the hostess to make sure that someone came to offer us drinks. She assured me that they would. We waited and waited, but no one came until 20 minutes later when a gentleman came to show us to our table. our server had a large party and looked rather flustered. It took her a while to greet us, but everything went smoothly from there. The swordfish appetizer was fantastic. Our entrees were good but not as great as the last time dined there. I was rather confused and perturbed about the service. The restaurant was rather empty, so I'm not sure if they only had a few people on that weren't able to handle even the small amount of customers or what the issue was. I want to try brunch here but I may wait awhile before coming back.I must say that although the restaurant space is absolutely beautiful, and the view is spectacular- the food was very disappointing for the price! The waiter seemed very pretentious at first especially when we told him we would like regular water over bottled.  However, he warmed up a bit, after he found out that our group would not be intimidated by this posh attitude of his or that we knew a little something about food. (Apparently, that guy didn't know I yelped *gasp*)That aside, he was very knowledge about the menu and the food preparations. 
We started off with the domestic cheese and Parma Ham trays, although he did not hear my order for the meat tray he quickly retrieved one for us after I asked whether the meat was coming. I had to ask what the assortment of cheeses were, as the food runner dropped the platter on the table and dashed off. Sadly, they were the best things our palettes tasted all night!
I ordered the filet mignon- rare, for being the most expensive entree on the menu, the presentation and seasoning did not meet my expectations, the colorless side of corn and spinach concoction was undercooked and really unpalpable. Our one friend, also ordered the filet- medium and it came out extra WELL,  it was appalling that A) restaurant of this caliber could destroy such a precious cut of meat and B) it left the kitchen in the first place!!  When he sent it back, the waiter compted his meal. All in all, from the salmon, steak frites and chicken frites, the consensus was that the food was overly salty, bland and unimaginative.
The ambience of the dining room and bar area is definitely 5 stars, unfortunately the food and service would rank somewhere in a 2. For the amount that the bill came out to be, we really expected more.  I really wanted to LOVE you XIX, however after two 'meh' dinners here, shame on me for coming back a third time. Look for me in the window seat at the bar! You can not possibly be so stuck up with such horrible food!This review is for the bar, only.  I've yet to actually dine at XIX, however many a happy hour have been spent viewing the city from its lofty perch over Center City.
This is far and away one of my favorite places to spend the hours between 5:00 and 7:00 PM on summer, spring and fall afternoons.  When the weather warms, the balconies are open so that you may enjoy one of the finest views of the city to be had.  When it's not so nice, they may close them off, but the view of a sunset from the bar area in the fall and winter is a sight to behold.  As has been said before, and will be said again, this is one of the most nicely appointed dining rooms in the city, if not the best.  Its soaring ceilings are draped with pearls, featuring grand classical architecture with modernist furnishings.
The drinks during happy hour are quite reasonable, especially considering the setting and location (hotel in the Rittenhouse area).  My favorite, a Kentucky Straight Orange, is quite tasty and well mixed.  They have a nice selection of light bar fare.  Their cheese and charcuterie plates are generally worth sharing with friends to have a snack while imbibing their various drink specials.
If you want to impress your date with a nice before-dinner drink, bringing in friends from out of town, or just want to enjoy a sunset in a relaxing environment after a day of work, XIX is a great place to be.  The only thing that keeps it from getting 5 stars is the fact that, after happy hour, it is quite expensive for drinks, and I'm not entirely sure it's worth it, and the bartenders have a tendency to be a bit, well, inattentive. I would like to give this 4.5, but I don't want to round up, as 5 stars is only for that which is truly unique to the area and explosively good everywhere.  Do not take the 4 stars to mean that there is any serious problem with XIX, because there isn't.  Come to think of it, I think that's where I'll be around 5:00...I had high expectations given the wait times and table availability. Looking back, I should have level set based on other reviews. At first walk through off the elevators, the open areas leading to the dining room were elegant and the decor matched the well architected building full of rich history. The bar was extremely crowded and the ambiance was lively and full of color. Once in the main dining room, the views of the city were priceless and seating arrangements spaced appropriately. 
Having said that, the food and wait staff did not measure up to the standard presented by the restaurant and fell short of the built up expectations. The food was C+ at best with a complimentary wait/food staff that did not know the menu or offer any sufficient description of dishes and wine. The cheese board along with the steak entree tasted of grocery market quality (one of the cheeses truly tasted like deli cheese) and left plenty to be desired. The bland salmon was ok, but also room for improvement. 
All in all, I would give this restaurant a B- overall, with the views of the city, decor and ambiance being the true draw. Without those, this is not a restaurant worth going out of your way for.just went to nineteen for lunch after the nutcracker.
the service was deplorable.  they sat us at a dirty table with no silverware.  it took fifteen minutes for someone to come over and take our order.  another twenty for our food to arrive.  no one stopped by our table during our meal to see if we needed anything.  the only thing that was fast was the arrival of the check.
too bad the restaurant downstairs was closed for lunch.surprised to see this low rating.  We had our wedding banquet here 2.5 yrs ago and it was a wonderful time.  We had a small company and we only needed the wine room, but they were kind enough for us to go in at ~5-6pm and took photos.  We even go on the balcony for some photo shoot outside.
The food was great.   We had a seafood platter with oysters and shrimps, then soups and crab cakes.   Entrees were steaks or scallops, both of them were really good.  Finally, cheesecake for dessert.  
The best was the crab cakes.  I can tell it was crab meat from big snow crab meat.  They were big pieces of crab meat in the crab cake, not like the cheap carb mash elsewhere.  I hope they still have it, always want to revisit.
We had their brunch the next day too.  It was great.  I will certainly come back again.
(we actually had lunch at this place before the wedding to check this out, and we ended up settling here for the banquet.  So I was here at least three times and was never disappointed.)
(* and my former boss used to have business dinner here too.  I knew, because he was there with his guest that night, on my wedding day.  :-)  )It's a perfect place to get a couple of drink over sunset! 
I love the view they have and plus they have happy hour from 5-7pm Monday through Friday. $6 cocktails is definitely a good deal for a center city location like this. We got there around 6pm and found empty seats by the window. I love the interior and wall decors. I ordered a couple of their special cocktail. I would write out the name of it, but I honesty don't recall except the fact that it's dangerously delicious. The server was very attentive and gives a nice generous pour when you get a glass of wine. 
We didn't get to try any food, but I would definitely recommend this place for anyone who is looking to a romantic time after a workday to rewind.OVERALL - Expensive but worth while for a special occasion
FOOD (4.5 stars) - I love food, so this deserves the most weight in grading a restaurant.  We thoroughly enjoyed a cheese plate as well as the grilled octopus special.  Nicely prepared.  My wife ordered the scallops entree, which was phenomenal.  My rabbit ragu bolognese was nice but not mind blowing.  
SERVICE (4 stars) - Pleasant without being pretentious.  Knowledgeable and willing to give an honest recommendation.
ATMOSPHERE (5 stars) - Very romantic with incredible views of the city skyline at night.  High ceilings and decor are tastefully done.
PRICE/VALUE (4 stars) - This isn't a cheap date but, overall, I got what I paid for.  Probably a once-a-year visit.I hear the bar is a great place to hang out.  This review is not a reflection of that.  This review is for the food and my dining experience.  
The establishment is absolutely stunning.  I don't know what else to say about this place except "wow".  Beautiful, lovely and gorgeous.
We had reservations in the Wine Room and it was exactly that.  A room with walls made of wine bottles resting on racks sandwiched between sliding glass doors.  
The food I tasted was delicious.  Their lamb is probably the best I've ever had.  The "gamey" taste wasn't there and the sauce didn't overpower the flavor of the meat.
I had the foie gras appetizer special with pickled strawberries (you can pickle strawberries??!!!) and that was sooooo good.  
Their jumbo lump crab salad wasn't anything special.  I'd pass on this.
I've never tried Lemon Olive Oil cake before but now I can say I have.  It wasn't bad (I couldn't really taste the olive oil which is good....I guess...) but I'm not going to wake up in the middle of the night craving it.
Their peanut butter and chocolate beignet was divine.  It was like eating a battered and fried Reese's Peanut Butter cup!  There were three dipping sauces (chocolate, caramel and....some other one I didn't try).
The idea of a Nutella waffle made me drool in anticipation (sexy, I know) but in the end, it wasn't as good as I had thought it would be.  The waffle looked like they had added Nutella to the batter but sadly, it didn't send me to Nutella Carb nirvana.  So sad.
I had to send my first cocktail back.  It was their Ginger Gin Tea.  It tasted like cough syrup.  Yuck.
The second cocktail was a winner.  Blackberry Caipirinha.  It's so good, I'm going to try and make it at home.  
So the reason why I only gave 3 stars instead of the 4 I would've given.  Our waiter was terrible.  I don't know if the quality of service goes down once the obligatory large party gratuity of 20% is automatically added to our bill but that's what I'm thinking.  Our waiter was condescending, sleazy and I felt like he was some kind of slimy eel because he would wink at me every time I ordered something or asked him something. 
Not cute.  
Next time, I'm gonna just sit at the bar and nibble on food there.Came here for a wonderful afternoon tea for a bridal shower. We arrived 20 min late and it was no problem and they kept the large table next to the window open for us. 
1. Nice selection of teas, huge pots. 
2. Sandwhiches were really tasty, with a good variety. We asked them to swap out the shrimp one since most of were vegetarian, but they said they were premade and needed 24 hours notice. Found it odd that my food was premade-ew. And 24 hours? Really? You can't just give us a few more mini sandwhiches of something else? 
3. The server was a little MIA at times. There were two guests super late and she thought that we will start when they arrived so didn't greet us well when we arrived. Usually they ask if we want to wait or not right? Otherwise we was really helpful. 
4. Bathroom on the 18th floor, not 19th which was odd. 
5. The place wasn't as GLAM as I expected. Felt very hotel-restaraunty which it is..but heard amazing things about the venue. Will come again at night though for the view. Although, it's just high, not a view of anything cool. 
Really cute idea for a bridal/baby shower though or any other cute girly event! Fun to dress up!We went here for drinks and appys on a Sat night. We were able to find seating with ease and really enjoyed the drinks and the cheese plate that we had there. Service is good, the ambience is awesome and the prices are not that expensive considering its a rooftop inside the hyatt. Its on the nineteenth floor and the view of philadelphia is splendid! We couldnt sit in the outdoor balconies due to a private event but its a nice place to check out for pre-drinks.I hosted a 30th birthday dinner for my fiance on saturday in the private dining room.....and it was amazing. The staff was attentive, and totally on point.  I forgot the name of the gentleman that was the head of those taking care of us, but he was awesome. He gave me the wonderful suggestion of ending the evening off with a champagne toast!!! Boy did my guest love that!! Ok now to the food, it was absolutely amazing!!!  I had the seared striped bass with crawfish ragout and rainbow swiss chard, some people had the ribeye and others head seared scallops. I'm actually dreaming about the food...yikes! As a hostess, you know that the food is spectacular when a room goes silent because everyone is passionately devouring their meal lol, and thats exactly what happened! Everything tasted perfect, and my guests raved about the food (and some of them are a tough to please)!!!!!  My guests loved the Lychee kiss cocktail, I actually lost track everything they drank but all the drinks were really strong which was great because the price is not cheap. 
I love the fact that they offered us an extra entree choice, besides the three that I had selected for my guests. (They get bonus points for that) They also had a sound system that allows you to play music off your iPod, a cd or radio...(bonus points for that too!) The private dining room itself is beautiful, classy, chic, and not stuffy at all! 
If you ever want to throw a dinner party for your friends with great food, wonderful cocktails, champagne and wine...this is the place for you!I went during restaurant week and did not regret the choice. To start off with the atmosphere and the place in general is very elegant. It is a great date place, in fact my boyfriend and I had our first date there and I think the sophisticated decor, crisp white tables and dim lighting suited our purpose. The waiter was very amicable and ready to clarify anything on the menu as well as make suggestions as to what to order. 
To begin, I started off with the warm, wild mushroom salad. The mushrooms were flavorful and intelligently paired with a rich pesto, the smooth yet impactful taste of goat cheese, the robustness of the aged balsamic and the nice crunch from the sourdough crouton. 
For the second course, I had braised rib atop of gnocchi. The braised rib was tender and juicy and smothered in a rich either balsamic or port wine reduction sauce that was...no joke....to die for. I had to practically stop myself from licking the plate.  
For dessert I had a chocolate cake that was decadent and rich in flavor. The perfect ending to a perfect meal. 
Overall it was a very memorable date and not just because of my loving boyfriend but also the fabulous food. I highly recommend dining at XiX; however, I can only speak to these three dishes. My boyfriend had a not so satisfying experience with the seafood dishes. I believe he order sashimi as an appetizer and scallops for his entree, both of which he claimed were to salty and the latter undercooked. So seafood lovers beware, and go for the meat. You can never go wrong.went here for restaurant week w my boyfriend. i got the crab cake, steak, and toffee pudding. my bf had the same thing except for appetizers he chose the tomato heirloom salad. the appetizers and desserts were delicious!! the steak was just ok.... not something i would come back for. becuz of the way the room was, during my 2 hr dinner i heard the whole conversation from a man across the room, can u say annoying? for drinks i wanted the lychee kiss, but later was informed they ran out of lychee and i had to get something else. i turned to rubytini hoping it'll wow me... BLAHHHH, disgusting. a waste of $12This was my first time here! And I was truly blown away!!! First off my waiter Wilmer was great!!! Breathe taking view!!! I got the Lake Trout... Wasn't all that to be honest, potatoes very dry not much flavor, the trout was in a sour sauce but wasn't very tasty! But I will try again but get a different meal!Restaurant Week favorite. 
Center City Sips favorite.
Definitely worthwhile, just be prepared for the looming bill. Make sure to try the raw bar!I have wanted to try this restaurant for quite some time, and decided to bring my date to nice meal.
 Regardless that the layout was slightly confusing and hard to find the host/hostess, the decore was absolutely beautiful and the views were stunning.
 My date and I decided to split the artisian meat & cheese tasting. Sadly, the only thing memorable about this dish was the waitor telling us that he has had so many complaints about the one cheese since it was added to the menu (approximately a month ago). 
For the main course, I ordered the steak frites and my date ordered the paella. After waiting for quite some time, the waitor asked if we were ready for our entrees. When my steak was delivered by a food runner, it was cooked a little more than I had requested, but decided not to nit-pick. However, approximately ten minutes later, the waitor had returned to the table asking where my date's food was? 
The paella was never actualy made, and my date and I ended up splitting the overcooked steak. 
I was hoping to have fallen in love with this restaurant based on previous reviews. Sadly, I would much rather revisit other establishments than return to this.
After reviewing my bank account, I realized that the amount charged to my card was not the amount I authorized. Due to the poor service provided, only receiving one entree (when two were ordered), and my steak being over cooked, I left a tip that was slightly over ten percent (10%). Interestingly enough, this was disregarded and a twenty percent (20%) tip was added to the already overpriced bill. 
I called the restaurant the following Friday and left a voice message for the general manager (Adam, if I recall the name on the message correctly). I examined the situation and have yet to be contacted.Okay so I am a fan..  so coming again. This place is beautiful something to definitely go out on a date to.. Or just grab a cocktail and mingle.More than enjoyed dinner at #XIX last night. When you talk about quality, the  #Hyatt at the #Bellevue knows their stuff. The perfect mixture of #savory, #filling, #sophisticated, and #elegant, leave the kids at home because #Nineteen does not disappoint.  Follow me @WanderlustPhilly for more on the best go-to places in #Philadelphia.
Also,  I noticed a few people did not have a good experience with the service.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention that the hostess was extremely pleasant especially given that she is on the 12 day count until the birth of her 1st child and she was still working. She even took a moment to give my date and I a history lesson on the building and architecture.  
Our waiter, Dominic,  was the epitome of great service. He asked questions, made suggestions, and was extremely personable. It is unfortunate that so many other people encountered bad service here; I urge you to give them another try. 
 Bon Appetit!The food is okay at best. Service was good and ambiance was nice but not worth the price of the check. Maybe my expectations were high but I was fairly unimpressed with the food. If you care more about the looks of the place, this is a great place to impress, but if you're a foodie, skip this place.
The incredible view of the city is blocked by curtains and decor. If you're lucky enough to sit next to the window, you'll catch a glimpse. Otherwise- you might only see it on the way to your table, like I did. It was pretty though...I went here last night (Monday) with a couple of friends. We were told in advance that the main dining room would not be open. That did not seem to matter, as we were still able to get a spot to the windows to watch the sunset while we ate. We opted for a meat and cheese plate, which was delicious! They accommodated us when we requested a substitute and explained the options to us. Two of us got the Steak Frittes, which was delicious and prepared just as we had requested. And it came with the most delicious shoestring fries! Another friend got the chicken and seemed to enjoy it. For dessert, we split the cookie cake (ahhhhmazing) and the pineapple upside down cake (very yummy). The service was great and our waitress was very sweet, taking a nice picture of us afterwards. This would be a great place for either dinner, or just to grab a quiet drink and take in a a beautiful view.This is an absolutely beautiful restaurant with excellent views. It has a very romantic feel to it and also has large separate bar area if you want to just have drinks. The service is OK, we had to wait several minutes for the hostess which is always awkward. Our waiter was attentive but a little odd. We had the lobster risotto to start and it was amazing. However, the entrees were just OK, we had the steak frites and lake trout).A stunning dining room setting with great service and view. It's more formal/fine dining so would be a great place for an anniversary, birthday, proposal etc. We had the Saturday lunch special which included buffet style appetizers and desserts with an al a carte entree all for under $25. All of the food was great and an overall positive experience. The only problem is the restroom is one floor down and the lifts are shockingly slow but Otherwise a fantastic spot.Oh hell yes!! Dwayne and Tanya were cooking tonight and boy did they bring it!! I am a spoiled Bay Area diner, and have learned to have an eye for something wonderful. Sometimes I am wrong . The cuisine here is innovative and gutsy, the flavors challenge you. Wonderful service. Please don't go so I can always get a table !!beautiful venue in terms of architecture and the interior. wonderful date place for dinner. cute place for tea and lite fare with the ladies. the food was delicious but the prices were high. definitely the type of place to dress fancy and eat properly. My seafood dish was a bit too salty but still good. I went for a late lunch on a weekday and only 1 other table was being served. The service was pretty slow but it didn't appear that there were many staff on duty, which made sense since there weren't many customers. I am curious about what it's like for happy hour or just cocktails.Made reservations and took my girlfriend here for dinner. It was a little difficult finding the restaurant within the hotel but we eventually got there. There was really no one to greet us at the door, we kind of stood around for a minute trying to figure out who the hostess was. Eventually I had to grab a waitress and ask to be seated. Not a very welcoming entrance. After we were seated it was nice though. The waiter was polite and on point with his service. The food was good, albeit over priced, and the atmosphere was great. I probably won't go again but it's a definite "one-time experience" kind of place.Wow. We've been here 2x and will be back. It's like stepping off the elevator into another world. Food is creative and beautifully presented, service is top knotch and the interior of the north dining room is really slick. Great wet bar.I really do love the ambiance at Nineteen. It makes me feel all tingly and sophisticated and it's not stuffy or filled with loud obnoxious rich people. Don't get me wrong, this place is classy and pricey but it's a nice treat and an excellent alternative to the usual happy hour spots. I've never been here for dinner but I imagine the service and food are decent. The specials during happy hour are OK... $6 for specialty cocktails but no food specials :-(
Check it out if you're feeling like going somewhere nice after work.I don't claim to be a fancy-pants.  but think i can now that i've gone to XIX.  so, please, when you address me from now on, call me Fancy-Pants.  i'll explain...
i went to XIX for happy hour one evening with two of my favorite girls.  i got some herby cocktail at half price.  it was DELICIOUS.  and most importantly, it was served with care......and maybe even in a golden goblet...i can't remember.    you know, i didn't look rich, YET i was treated as if i was by the host and the waiter.  maybe i'm easily charmed by well-paid-service that i mistake for chivalry.....actually, i probably am.  but thank you for indulging me and making me feel rich for one happy, glorious hour.
a round of 4 stars...on Fancy Pants!OUTSTANDING service. We were running a little late trying to find parking due to the festival on the same block, and I called to let them know we were trying to hurry. They were completely fine with it, which was a warming feeling. As we entered into the amazing very high ceiling walkway, we were immediately treated like royalty with courteous and generous people. Coming from a small town, it was definitely a step up for us. We loved every bit of it and the entire staff was on point with service. We chose the balcony table which was truly amazing during the sunset.
I ordered a simple beer and they brought it out to us like it was the fanciest beer ever made. For bread and butter they gave us 3 different choices. I didn't realize it was all for us!
When the food came out, they really put their skills to work, making it look so appetizing. Our mouths were literally watering ready to dig in... Properly of course because of how elegant the whole setup was.
Overall definitely coming back for more. Everyone was amazing and so nice, a MUST GO if you're in the city.Okay so I am a fan..  so coming again. This place is beautiful something to definitely go out on a date to.. Or just grab a cocktail and mingle.Have had a better meal in Philadelphia. The restaurant is gorgeous and is my absolute favorite for Center City Sips.
The drinks are very good here, better than the food. The bar food here such as the sliders are better than a more "gourmet" choice"
I do have to say that this place had the BEST Mother's Day Brunch I have ever been to. Good raw bar!If you want to get THE BEST lunch special in the city, this place is it, folks. It's a well hidden secret and your wallet and stomach will thank you for it. Superb food, exquisite setting, 3 courses, and top notch service with a spectacular view of Philly for only $22/person?! Now we're talking. I've taken 3 separate people to XIX's cafe lunch and every single person I've brought were simply impressed--and delightfully stuffed--at the end of the meal. First course is an amalgamation of appetizers including cheese, pastas, and salads. You can take as much as you'd like since it's on the center table. Second course allows you to choose from any of their entrees--which include their flat iron steak, the execution of which is flawless and heftily sized. For the third course they have quite an extensive collection of desserts including cakes, creme brulees, cookies, cream puffs, and fruit tarts--and it's an all you can eat! I mean, most people aren't expecting to have a quality meal in a fancy setting for only $22--if you ask me, this place is a bargain for the amount of food that they give you. If you went to Capital Grille, the steak alone would cost you more than this whole 3 course meal! On top of all this, you get a free drink to choose from including sodas, tea, or coffee and the bread that starts off the meal is terribly delicious to boot! I can't quite speak for dinner options but for lunch this is the jam. You'll feel like you're someone royal in their stately dinner room but won't feel guilty like a pauper paying for it.This was our second time bring friends from town to 19 and we have been disappointed.  Not because the drinks or food was bad, but because we waited to long for a server so we left. On both occasions they were not busy.  A host brought menus but we wait at least 20 minutes before the four of us left.  Again, this was the second time this happened. We were a little embarrassed that we took our out of town guests there and even more immbarrased that it happened to us twice.  I hope they get things straightened out.  Its a great venue but the attention to detail seemed to be diminishing.This is the place to go for a great view of the city and good drinks.  I love the Lychee Kiss martini, which also happens to be one of the happy hor specials; it's a must-try.  The Appletini is also great, if quite potent.  They also have sliders, which are decent and will tide over a starving stomach (try the BBQ).  But seriously, you come here mostly for the ambiance which is unsurpassed, save for maybe at the Pyramid Club.  A great place to go after a long day at work to relax, enjoy the view, and catch up with friends over drinks.Gorgeous setting, service was excellent, as well as the food.  We are happy to call XIX one of our favorites. 
We came here for my birthday this year, and it did not disappoint! Everyone we spoke with was super friendly and each dish was delicious!The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because it's CRAZY expensive.  But, as far as food, wine, ambiance and VIEW... love it!  I had grilled shrimp in garlic butter sauce, started off with crabcake and mushroom risotto...and every bite was delicious.  
We sat outside on their small balcony and overlooked the skyscrapers in downtown Philly. Beautiful :)  We enjoyed 2 bottles of white wine (which is not influencing my review) and the waiter was very friendly and attentive.  
The vibe is very hoity toity, definitely a classy spot for a date nightI went to XIX Nineteen for restaurant week with a couple of friends. It was a great occasion to get dressed up and the food was delicious but the service threw us off. When we were giving the waiter our order, the waiter told me not to order what I was going to order and told me to order something else instead. When I asked for the Paella without the Chorizo (I don't eat pork), he said it would cost me $10 extra. I understand that he was trying to make a joke but it didn't come across too well. 
I eventually went with the Crab and Spinach Crostini to start with, the Paella for the main course and the Flourless Chocolate Cake for dessert. The food was very high quality. However, the service between each meal was extremely slow and our meal took a total of 2.5 hours! The place wasn't even crowded enough to warrant that kind of slow service. 
The place is beautiful and the view is stunning.We went outside on the balcony to take pictures which was also really nice.I have been been going here for years. Celebrated many birthday parties. One of the best places in Philly, beautiful view & great food.. (Angel and Lamar are great).This was one of the best lunches I've ever had! XIX is the perfect place for a special occasion, and I brought my family here after my graduation from graduate school. 
I had already looked up the menu before I came, so I knew I was going to order the 3-course lunch. At $22, it's pricier than the average lunch, but the quality and amount of food you get with the prix-fixe is amazing. The first course is a selection of salads, meats, and cheeses. I thought that meant you pick from a list of what you would want, but instead, you serve yourself from a whole buffet of charcuterie, cheese, and probably 10 different types of salads. I filled my plate with cheese and a little of each of the salads, and I was so impressed by everything I tried. The cheese was great, and the salads had amazing flavors. My favorite was the asian noodle salad, but the lentil and caesar salads were also very good. I liked everything and was already pretty full after the first course. I chose the salmon as my entree. It was a good-sized portion served with a black bean puree that was delicious. The fish was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and even though I was already pretty full, I ate every last bite because it was so good. And then came dessert. It was also buffet-style, and although I was already very full, I had to try a few of the desserts. They had delicious and perfectly-ripe mixed berries -- raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, and I think gooseberries (it was the first time I had them). There were also mini key lime pies, fresh-baked cookies, chocolate mousse bars, cannolis, and the list goes on. My favorites were the oh-so-good berries, key lime pie, and chocolate mousse bars. The cannolis were a miss. They were flavored with cinnamon (which I don't like) and otherwise were pretty bland, but all of the other desserts were delicious. My family members also ordered off the prix-fixe menu, and they were equally impressed with their meals. They ordered the steak, pasta, and fish dishes, and they all felt the same way about how amazing their lunches were.
The ambiance adds to the excellence of this restaurant. The dining room has an upscale feel to it. There is a pearl chandelier hanging from the ceiling, and all of the other decorations are very chic. It's the kind of place I would recommend dressing up for. And again, I cannot recommend this place enough for celebrating a special occasion!I came with a group of nineteen (totally not planned) for Restaurant Week dinner last week. Overall impression--good food, great service, really beautiful and classy ambience. 3.5 stars!
I love mussels (and pretty much any shellfish), so I ordered that to start. The white wine sauce wasn't my favorite and it was pretty bland, but I appreciated the generous portion size! The mussels were also cooked really well. Just wish there was a little more seasoning and flavor. I got the flat iron steak for my main course which was cooked perfectly (I asked for medium rare--it's the only way to go IMO!). This came with grilled carrots (pretty good), potatoes and caramelized onions (very savory and yummy, albeit a little greasy and heavy). The dessert trio consisted of a strawberry pistachio cake, chocolate banana truffle and fruit tart. All three were good but nothing too special. 
XIX is one of those restaurants that I would return to only for the breathtaking views and atmosphere. You definitely feel special here. The food isn't bad but I don't think I'd be missing out on too much if I never came back again.We stayed at the Bellevue for 4 nights and ate at nineteen twice. The first time we had the "fancy" dinner, consisting of steak, grilled chicken breast, salmon, and amazing appetizers. The second night we had the normal dinner, and both times it was fantastic. I would definitely go back. It is pretty expensive, but it was a great meal.Best dirty martini and octopus salad in town!I expected this place to be overrated but it was actually very good! The restaurant and lounge are very sleek and well designed. The vibe is very trendy and cool. The view is also spectacular. The food also didn't disappoint. We got oysters as an appetizer and I got the trout as my main and both were great! I definitely would come back here and i think it's a great place for a romantic night outDisgusting! Filthy! Vile! STAY AWAY.  I have lived across the street from this bar for several years.  While I have never had a complaint about the food, insects, shady waiters, and uncleaned facilities are the norm for this place.  But last night takes the cake.  After a year of staying away after an a huge beetle walked across my food without so much as an apology from the waitress, I decided to give this place a second chance.  Lo and behold, my drink has A CHEWED PIECE OF CHEWING GUM IN ITS WRAPPER AT THE BOTTOM OF MY DRINK.  No apology, not even a discount.  The waitress said "sorry, here' another." DON'T BE DECEIVED BY APPEARANCES.  This place may look sophisticated, but is anything but.  That said, if you have no sense of personal hygiene and don't mind people who don't care, I recommend the flatbread.I really wanted to give this place 3.5 but I will give this place the benefit of the doubt.  The food is not all that spectacular but something about tha waspy atmosphere does it for me sometimes.  High ceilings, chandeliers, the lounge area, the gimlets I had.  
Service was a 4, food was a 3.5 ambience 5, price was 4
ps..good romantic place to goForgotten gem. Really good spot for brunch or lunch. Nice quiet atmosphere. Good selection of salads, healthy portion and the desserts are to die for!  The whipped cream is outstanding!  The bathroom is downstairs which is a bit out of the way. Getting to the restaurant through hotel is a little cumbersome if you dont know which elevators to use. Parking elevators are a. It confusing as well. Slightly annoying when you can hear the table directly across from you clear as day.I took my mom on Sat for early Mother's Day dinner. Our waiter was exceptional so sorry I forget his name but he had the right amount of tease with professionalism he recommended superb choices & gave us comp Champage took our pix for us. I had the braised ribs so tender & favorable my mom had the salmon app were calamari & crab cake perfect mom day dinnerBeautiful interior with a great bar. The food was good but not quite worth the price. Brunch is a better value than dinner.