Ok first and foremost, this place is amazing.  Both downstairs and upstairs.  I'll break it down and keep it simple for you guys:
-Downstairs: great food, great drinks and beer.  
-Upstairs: karaoke, amazingness, great food, drunk people, loads of fun, total party and good specials time to time.  
I've never left this place remotely sober and I've never had a bad time here.  I love yakatori boy!!!Came here for drinks and some yakitori with a few friends. I was surprised at the prices of each dish. They were very reasonable ($1.50 - $4 for most skewers). 
The yakitori is ordered a la carte, 1 skewer in an order. This really allows you to try a large variety of different meats/veggies.
The atmosphere was my favorite part of the experience. The restaurant is set up so you can easily sit with a large group of friends and merrily drink/eat. There's nothing pretentious or gaudy about the place either, which is always refreshing.
Would come back again!This place is very reasonable for private Karaoke rooms. I'd been craving yakitori also, and was pleasantly surprised with their offerings (although they were a bit on the salty side). On the special days (like Sunday when a friend and I went), an individual room is 15/hour in the early evening, but the fee is waved if you spend 30/hour (as a room, not individually) on food + drinks. Although it was pricey for us, since we were only two people, if you come with 4-6, you could easily spend 30 dollars/hour and have a really fun dinner + karaoke night. 
Food is not amazing or anything, but it's solid. I got the scallion/chicken, liver, chicken skin, shishito skewers, rice and a few things of sushi. All good.I've been here twice. Once was for dinner with a friend which was really good. The other to enjoy some drinks and karaoke (not the rooms, just the bar). It was insanely crowded and the karaoke was poorly managed. I'd like to come back to try a room, but I will never go for the bar again. So four stars for the dinner and one star for the upstairs bar=two stars.This place was great on a wednesday night at the bar. Tiger beer is $2.50 and the Tiger roll was $8.00. Large portions, fresh rolled and responsive service.
I had to go back Thursday night it was so good. 
Two thumbs up for sushi in Philladelphia.My first time at a yakitori/japas place so I don't have much to compare it to. They have an open bar/floor area to hang out/sing to karaoke. There are some tables on the side as well. $6 vodka drinks - not bad. It's just entertaining to watch people sing... and even better... dance when they've had enough drinks. There are also rooms that you can reserve that looked nice (from what I could see on the outside).I used to come here week after week for the Wednesday $2.50 sushi roll special. We couldn't believe how awesome this deal was! Somebody pinch me!
Then it finally hit me that these rolls were extremely tiny, had only 4 pieces, and weren't very fresh. Blergh. I must have been blinded by the bargain yet again.
I've come here on non-Wednesdays as well and wasn't really impressed with the sushi. The karaoke here is fine, but overpriced. I'd rather go to a hole-in-the-wall Korean place in North Philly or Adobe Cafe for a better time.Yakitori Boy is a great place to hang out, grab drinks, and snack to your heart's content.  The staff here are really friendly and quite attentive.  They check up on you pretty frequently, make sure your drinks are filled, etc.  No complaints there!
The skewers here are delicious, and really, you can't find this food anywhere else in Center City.  If you're feeling more adventurous, you can opt for chicken heart, gizzards, and liver.  But even their more "ordinary" fare is good too (like their chicken meatballs and grilled pork).  
I like coming here on Tuesdays and Wednesdays because of the specials.  On Tuesdays, you are offered select skewers for $1, and on Wednesdays there are select rolls that are discounted.Yes...there a many places other then Yakatori Toilet
You got to be fricking kidding....Was here long enough to leave!!!
Visited yakatori boy because of all the great reviews and rumors of celeb sightings
This place is a urinal..As we entered the building with alot of excitement we were 
greeted by the over whelming smell of bleach....The unfinished concrete floor had cracks and divots...The table and chairs are old and smelled of smoke,  The place is very dark ...our guess was it was to hide all the other inperfections.It reminded us of an old basement night club with the smell of smoke, bleach and split beer
We were seated at a table that wobbled because of the uneven concrete floor.The table was dirty and smelled so the server tried to wipe it clean but the cloth she used smelled of old dirty bleach.
The only chardonay was canyon road.. A cheap, sweet $3 bottle 
Unable to order because of the smell and condition of the restaurant my wife and I got up and left like the place was on fire...
Not sure why all the reviews are good...
Take my word and do not waste your time to park to visit this  toilet
The absolute worst place we have ever visitedCame here with my boyfriend last night.
Food ordered and rating: 
okonomiyaki 10/10 - a sweet and savory asian pancake . Im a sucker for the Bonito flakes and let me tell you...heavy handed. Amazing!
Pork gyoza: 6/10 nothing special just your classic gyoza
Salmon roll: 8/10 tightly rolled, tasted like salmon nice texture
Spicy tuna roll: 8/10 tightly rolled, very well mixed
Yakitori combo (chicken meat balls, chicken, chicken heart,  chicken gizzard, pork) 8/10: overall impressed I'd appreciate that side sauces be offered though. The heart and gizzard were nicely charred but needed more salt. Pork was amazing. Chicken was good. Whatever sweet sauce is on the meatball needs to be more abundant in my opinion
Quail egg and bacon: 10/10 amazing !!! 
Yaki onigiri: 2/10: traditionally I understand they are served plain. However, I believe in at least some sort of light seasoning to give the rice depth of flavor.  The sear was nice. I'd suggest in the future adding a rice seasoning option 
Service: we came around 6 o clock. Our server was amazing and everyone was very attentive. However we made it clear that we had planned to chill and not rush through our meal. I was given the exact opposite. I felt very rushed. We would have just finished a plate and it was already taken away. We were asked every 15 minutes if everything was ok and if we wanted to order more before even finishing our food. And I would keep reminding them "were good thank you just taking it slow".  However they were not rude with their approaches. Just to consistent and pushy.
Overall experience 9/10 and we will be backWow, where have I been that I've never heard of this place till recently.  So this review is based only on the first floor dining... we tried to check out the lounge upstairs, but it was pretty busy already around 10pm on a Saturday night that we had already waited 20 min but couldn't get in without reservations.
Anyway, I liked the decor, modern with asian accents, the dark wood, and darkly lit environment.  I really liked the colorful menu, real nice touch for those new to Japanese cuisine.  So I had the Pom Lychee cocktail - one of those dangerous drinks because it tastes sooo good, you'd have no idea how much alcohol was in it.  Because the style of the restaurant is similar to tapas, I had the chance to order a variety of dishes including miso soup, pork dumplings, chicken yakitori, 2 sushi rolls (that came in 3's) and a tuna nigiri.  And they served edamame at every table.  Everything was really quite good, and especially the Mexican roll, which I think is just a spicy tuna roll + that chili sauce... delicious.
4 stars for the dining aspect.  Updated review will include the karaoke lounge...Updated before, but this is a good, solid sushi joint.  I don't mean the rolls.  If you want reviews of good rolls, find another review.. honestly, rolls aren't what sushi is about.
If you want the good stuff, you should either ask the wait staff for the days' specials or ask the head sushi chef himself... most of the great daily stuff (imo) aren't even on the menu.
Besides the time that we had live uni here, we've also had live orange surf clam and live abalone.  Last week we were also able to have horagai (conch), needlefish sashimi, and.. namako!  That would be seaslug.  
Yes, all of the above are sashimi-style. And really good and fresh.
They upped the beer prices and that's bleh but the food is what keeps us coming back.  
I haven't been upstairs to karaoke in a while but last I heard from kenji-san and akio-san the machines were back from being updated, so maybe there's more of a variety now.  
To be honest, I'd give this place 5 stars if I were only comparing the joints in America and not places I go to in Japan.I am an avid sushi/japanese foodie.... and maybe spoiled too much living so close to NYC.  but the food at this place was just aweful.
but being in philly for a show my girlfriend and i were drawn into the $2.50 sushi special on weds.  
not only was the the quality of the fish poor but they couldn't even get the sushi rice right.  It was all mush.  the shrimp tempura roll that we had for kicks tasted like the tempura was made the day before.  I have to say that i am not a fan of supermarket sushi.... but i would choose that sushi over yakitori boy susho any day.
the $15 yakitori platter was 10 skewers that was not flavorfull at all.  The owners really should take a trip to Japan to see what real Japanese food tastes like.... heck they could just drive a couple hours to NYC and eat on St. Marks and find out what real yakitori tastes like.
but on a good note our waiter was really nice.Fun atmosphere in which one of the city's only izakaya. The staff is really nice. Good selection of sakes!My friend threw a surprise party for me here and it was one of the best birthdays of my life! The staff was amazing. Checked on us so many times throughout the night, brought us champagne with sparklers and sang to me! The one waiter, Bill, was amazing. He sang with us and made sure we had a great time. Definitely, ask for him!!! We sang karaoke for 5 hours and it was 100% worth every penny...My friend was running an event here so, after several false starts at visiting, I finally made it over.  I've been to quite a few Karaoke bars, even some Japas ones.  Very similar set-up.  Dark bar room with menu offerings, lots of drinks, and public karaoke.  
Down side here is not much stage room and the screens are over the bar, so you feel bad pushing your way over to order a drink, lest you keep someone from seeing their lyrics to 'Time after Time.'
Plenty of nice, clean comfy private rooms to rent out as well -- I think this will be my next go-around.
Honestly, I would have given this 3 stars as it's pretty average as Japas bars go.  That said, when your next best option is Bonner's on a Thursday or Fuji, the 'Yak' is looking pretty good.love this place.  they have 10/10 street eats, a large menu, specials, lots of fresh live sushi, great atmosphere and a pleasant staff.  downsides are that it is a little pricey and the pedestrian sushi is average.
i still have to try out the karaoke rooms and their tuesday nights.I am so obsessed with this place. I came here with all my siblings and cousins and we had the best time ever singing away. The only thing i wasn't too happy about was that the food wasn't amazing but it wasn't horrible.The machine was not convenient to use for non English songs. Some of the songs were not in sync with the lyrics. 
However the service was excellent and they had very good price.I came here twice. February 16, 2008 & today.
After finding out about this place, I begged my aunt to take me here even though my mom just gave birth to my brother on feb 15th, 2008. For the 2 of us, I thought $50 was way too expensive.. but we did order a lot and the service was nice.
Today I went again but this time with my boyfriend only because Tasty Place was closed and we did not want to walk for food. We were seated at the counter and it was nice, my boyfriend really loved the atmosphere he kept squealing about how cool the place was and the awesome sushi. He totally disliked the takoyaki which I love but whatever, we each have our own love-hate relationships with foods. The waiters/waitresses were really attentive, but when I was done with the takoyaki I set it aside for them except they kept taking everything else but the takoyaki.. maybe because I left 2 half eaten.. Oh & when we first ordered, I called for chicken skin & pork belly. The pork belly came right away, and I thought they didn't hear me call for the chicken skin so I didn't care much.. but then just before I got my check the chicken skin came.
Daily Specials are awesome! Today was tuesday so it was $1 skewers and we had plenty of those ;)
I didn't give 5 stars because of some of the little things above kind of bothered me, and also.. I wish the karaoke rooms upstairs were serviceable to people my age(18+) but I guess with the alcohol and what not they decide not to.I came here on a quiet sunday evening and i really have to say 5 stars for the service. From beginning to end, my tea was always full, my waiter came by a few times in well-timed increments to ask me how my food was. I really think the service here was stellar.
The food was good, nothing particularly special but nothing bad either.  we had a few of the rolls and the takoyaki, which was the first time I had it in Philadelphia.  Oh, but the white tuna here was so incredible! It melted in my mouth! that was my favorite fish of the night.  Overall, this restaurant is a tad bit pricey for the quality/quantity ratio but still an enjoyable sunday evening.Yakitori boy is a good time! It's very convenient in that is you want to have a nice quite sit down dinner you can grap a table on the first floor. It's a very bice spot for a date with mood lighting and good sushi. If your your looking for something a little rowdier, upstairs is your spot. They have two big screen tv over the bar for karaoke and a group of fun loving people really ti sing at the top of their lungs. The seating in the bar area is limited, they do have some booths, but you have to call for reservations. The standing area is somewhat small and gets packs quickly as the night goes by.  They also have multiple private karaoke room available for parties, but that is also reservation only. I usually go to this place for my birthday or when I want to grap a Tokyo Tea (an amazing adult beverage) resembles a long island but with clear liquor.What a fun place.  Sushi was fabulous and karaoke was fun. Good food & great time
If you are looking for different night out try here
 You can also reserve a room for karaoke if you have a large group. Do it early. Karaoke in the bar was a lot of funI had my first karaoke experience in Philly at Yakitori Boy, and it was a great experience despite a few technological difficulties.
Eight of us rented out a private room for a few hours.  There was absolutely no room charge, which was an amazing deal.  However, there was a minimum food/drink purchase of about $50 or so, but with the eight of us, there was no trouble hitting that minimum.  The food was very fresh and tasty.  As a group, we wolfed down a variety of their sushi, a number of the yakitori (grilled skewers of meat/veggies), edamame, seaweed salad, shiu mai, agedashi tofu, and ramen.  The portions are very small, so it's fun to sample a bunch of different things, and it's all reasonably priced.  Their drinks are also pretty good, our favorite of the night being the mango mojito.  
The service was also very fast and attentive.  Each private room has a button that you can press, and someone will be there to help you within minutes so you can order food, drinks, or request help with working the machines.  Unfortunately the newer machines completely broke when we were there, so we couldn't do any of our Lady Gaga, Britney, or Beyonce, but it was still so much fun.
Overall, great food, great service, great fun!Boy have i got a story for you.
We had a small group come and it wasn't busy. Everything was fine until the waitress came over to fill our waters. And then she spilled it on my phone, tried to throw a napkin over it, and didn't even apologize. 
She took our order begrudgingly, even though we were nothing but nice. Once we got our food we realized we didn't have enough chopsticks, we tried waving someone down, one waitress saw us, and turned her back. 
Then when our food came out, we got less than what we ordered because she had forgotten to put it in the system. We also requested no onions in our soups, since we're allergic, and they gave us onions. We had to give the soup to another friend, and when we mentioned it to the waitress she just said "oh" and left. 
Finally got our check and they overcharged us by $50 and the same waitress tried to argue with us but didn't even take the time to do the math.
The food itself was good, but not worth putting up with the crap service. This place has gone downhill. Would not recommend.The karaoke rooms are comfy and loaded with an up-to-date play list. It's great for group gatherings. I think the walls are a bit thin, or maybe people are too loud. I remember being able to hear a guy rap to Gucci Mane a couple of doors down from my karaoke room. 4/5 stars.
2/5 stars for the sub-par yakitori. It was served room temperature and the seasonings were somewhat off. The barbecued squid yakitori was over-cooked tough to chew on! What a disappointment.
Since it's Yakitori Boy is the only yakitori/karaoke bar of its kind in the philadelphia area, its somewhat of a big deal. I'd personally trek to New York for my yakitori cravings, instead.I'm pretty new to the whole sushi-eating experience, since I do not eat seafood of any kind.  I am, however, a big fan of vegetarian rolls.  I must say that the avocado rolls here were the best I've ever had.  I wanted to get a bucket of them and pop them in my mouth one after the other like popcorn.  I know it's just avocado, some rice and seaweed but dang, these were tasty!  I also had a couple of chicken skewers, which were the tiniest things I've ever seen.  My companion had one of the "box" meals, which was enormous and well worth the price.  YB has a few house cocktails - ours had lychee in it and was delicious.  The space itself is lovely - very classy decor with sheer curtains to add some privacy to your meal.  Service was a little bizarre, as several different people would come to check on us in rapid succession, then vanish.  
Definitely a place I'd return to next time I'm in town.The food is so so.  We have had better yakitori elsewhere.  The picture of the food do not look the same as the real food.  We had the grill squid, tempura rolls, yakitori samplers, seafood pancake.  The rolls is the best. The rest is forgettable.  Oh they automatically added 20% tip.  No wonder they don't really care about your customer experience.
The karaoke system takes some getting used to.  The room is not sound proof though so you can definitely hear the loud music in the lounge area.This place used to be a solid audible when your main plans fell through. Now it's just filled with the hip and trendies, overcrowded, and understaffed. I'd go here again in a few years. Hopefully they'll still be around. I like to reminisce about the good ol' days.Good food, and a decent atmosphere. My only complaint would be the line to get into karaoke during the weekend. I came on a Friday and Karaoke was booked for 4+ hours.When you think of sushi and Japanese food, Philly does not come to mind. But if you're stuck here, like I am, then you got to get your fix somewhere. Located near the edge of Chinatown is Yakitori Boy. I have been here several times purely for the karaoke, but I recently had the chance to try some of their food and was pleasantly surprised.
For those who have never been, the top floor is a karaoke bar with some private rooms in the back. It resembles a bar/lounge and is usually pretty deserted on Monday nights (in case you want some cheap $1 karaoke at the bar). It even comes equipped with lasers and mist! The private rooms are rather pricey with the cheapest rooms running $20 an hour, but the equipment as all modern. The waitresses upstairs are all super hot white girls, which seems a little out of place considering the location and type of venue... No one complains =).
The ground floor is the restaurant and sushi bar. The ambience is nothing to write home about, but it is nice enough for a date place or a group of friends to hang out and have a good time. The wait-staff is conspicuously a lot more Asian than the upstairs staff. Couldn't really say why. I thought it was really cool when the white waiter responded to our orders with "hai!" and a nod. I need to get me one of those red headbands that they all wear.
The food is why I give this place 4 stars. I ordered an Una-Don and my friends tried various sushi dishes. The sushi menu is a bit limited, but what little they have, they do pretty well. My unagi came out well-cooked and was possibly the best I have had in my life. It was much fattier than what I expected and I savored every tender, oh so gently charred morsel. There was a perfect amount of rice and sauce. I still have dreams about it and my future kids are going to hear the stories, too. My only complaint is that it is not big enough (maybe I'll order two next time!). 
I didn't try any of the sushi, but the slices appeared thick and large. The color also indicated a good amount of freshness. We also split a number of yakitori skewers around the table and all of them were quite delectable. I really wanted to try quail egg with bacon, but was too full after trying everything else out. I was also quite happy  to discover they serve takoyaki and okonomiyaki here! We split one of those amongst the table (a first for most of my friends) and we all thought it was really good.
Overall, the food was on par with what I would expect from a mid-range restaurant. The prices are a tad higher than what they should be, but the service and good company made it all worth it. Though the sushi menu is a little limited, there is a lot of other food to hold your attention. Keep in mind that this place is called Yakitori Boy and not Sushi Boy. So do your table a favor and order a couple of skewers to complement your beer, sake and main course. Everything we ate was delicious and I would definitely come back again if the unagi itch needs a scratch.
-CNice place, like the interior, friendly staff and good food and drinks. I like to come for their Wednesday specials, $2.50 sushi rolls and $9 special rolls. At the price I think it's the best sushi you can get. I also like their skewers and mochi ice cream.So this is the spot to go karaoke while also getting some affordable dinner in. They have some promotion where karaoke is free if you buy the amount in food so my suggestion is to come hungry and leave happy! Make sure to check with the runner on the exact deal so that you're not surprised at the end.
Private rooms are so clutch when you go with a good sized group of people. The song selections were lacking but hey as long as you're good with the oldies you'll be kept entertained. This is one of the few places in philly with private karaoke rooms.This was my fifth time here and it has consistently been excellent everytime. Considering this is one of the few spots open late, has a great staff, service and delicious food. Oh and a friend got a karaoke room for my birthday last year and we had a blast.
Try the quail eggs wrapped in bacon skewer and the pan fried udon. Exceptional.
.Food is Good. I recommend doing a mix of the small dishes, they call it a "Japas" style menu and that's the best way to go.  Loved the Grand Marnier Shrimp and the Gyozas.  The Pork Sausage, served skewered with broccoli, was surprisingly good.  Did not like the Ika Ring, their version of calamari, it was tough.  Pitcher cocktails were a good way to go with a large group, the lemonade was best.  Music in a private room was allot of fun!  It's really easy to make the minimum $$ requirement for the room with a group that's drinking and having some aps, so don't worry.
It was a a fun party night for a bunch of singing fools.Went here with a LARGE group for a reunion-type party.  There were probably around 20 of us.  We made it right before happy hour, so we tried to order plenty of drinks, sushi, and food at the discounted rate right before 7.  The waitress was rushing our orders to get them in before 7, which I totally understood, but it made for a hectic ordering service.  And it was really noisy in there.
The food was just okay.  I mean, the cheap maki rolls hit the spot, and no complaints for the freshness, etc.  I think the service just dropped this place from 4 stars to 3 stars.  I ordered some things that never came, and the waitress did try to follow up on this (telling us that they were sold out), but it was a bit disappointing.
We loved the karaoke, and the bartenders were pretty nice.  Although sometimes it was too noisy, I guess that's what to expect when you go to karaoke.  Overall, fun times.love it... sushi was awsome, fresh and put on the plate very well.  love that you can get half rolls, who else does that?  drink menu is very creative, its a good place to make sure you have a des. driver!  lolMmmmmm no. 
I mean, I only gave two because, to be forthright, I haven't experienced the Karaoke upstairs and they do seem to have a few good deals from time to time. And I wouldn't say that the food is terrible. In fact, if it wasn't for the bizarre vibe, their food and drink specials push them up to three stars in my book. This is really a two and a half star rating, but I must vent:
I notice this place has lines around the corner on some weekend eve's, this I have to chalk up to the effects of hype. As far as I can decipher, using my own sense of what is aesthetically conducive to a convivial and comfortable night life experience, there lies a great slippage between the Yakitori appeal and the Yakitori experience. Do not become a victim of fashion, as what often happens in this town, be your own man and cast a critical eye on the source of your own expectations. Really, because for all its fan fair what yakitori boiled down to is a weekend warrior-half assed fan boy-brushed aluminum-round eye yawn which is designed to equivocate toward a suburban image of downtown grit and glamor but with a touch of the orient.Came here impromptu on a Saturday night with a party of 3 because we were just feelin' karaoke! We had to wait a little over an hour for a room since it was last minute. This wasn't a problem though, because they have a bar area where anyone can sing karaoke from the projector. We hung around the bar and sang along with the group as we waited for our room. This was actually pretty fun, and I would recommend the bar area if you're bar hopping and looking for some casual karaoke! 
Once we were in the room, we had a waitress take our food/drink order. We ordered 3 chicken/green onion skewers and takoyaki which was the perfect amount of snack food. They also didn't have flavored soju (only regular), but our waitress was kind enough to give us free lychee juice with our soju! So overall, food and service were great :) 
Lastly is the actually karaoke machine, which was extremely difficult to use. It is not user-friendly or intuitive, which defeats the whole purpose of the karaoke machine. We couldn't find some of the songs that we wanted to sing. Definitely ask for the master list of karaoke songs to help guide you in the right direction. Also, some of the lyrics to the songs were wrong! For a karaoke place, having a solid karaoke system is pretty important ... so I knocked off 2 stars. We still had a lot of fun, but the system was an inconvenience.Great private Karaoke rooms!  Rent during the week and get half price rooms, making for a very memorable night with the friends for very little money.
Great sushi and food.  Small beer variety.
The main room is a little overwhelming with it's strobe lights and disco balls, but is great for people watching.  The streaming videos are the best part - 1980's beach scenes!Dont come here. There's cockroaches and mice, and the hosts and bouncers are super unprofessional. Worst experience in china town by far, and I'm surprised this place hasn't been shut down. 
Please stay far away from this place, it's a terrible establishment and the employees are nothing but rude.Had a birthday party thrown for me here , ate downstairs...... Food was awesome ... Service was amazing ! Then had a private room upstairs for some awesome singing times!!!Yakitori Boy is a great place to spend an hour or two munching on snacks and imbibing with friends. It's got reasonably priced booze, decent food and, most importantly for this kind of spot, great service.
Drink prices vary, but if you stick to sake bombs with carafes of sake and the big cans of beer the bill's quite reasonable. Food is hit or miss. Avoid the sushi, as their offerings are forgettable and err on the oversauced side. There are better options in the city even at Yakitori Boy's price point. In contrast, going for skewers is cheap and delicious. I've sampled a large cross section of their yakitori offerings and haven't been disappointed with any. Standouts include the chicken hearts, short ribs, pork belly, and chicken meatballs. Two are perfect for a snack and you can make a meal of five to six. 
The service and atmosphere at Yakitori are great. The layout is conducive to large gatherings and servers adeptly maneuver between your party members regardless of their sobriety (or lack thereof). Staff never rushes you and rarely messes up orders, even for huge parties of 20. Definitely a good spot for drinks and light eats for a group.
Never had any experience with the upstairs/karaoke area though, so can't comment on that.The food makes this place. The staff is wonderful. I would say sitting down stairs for dinner was mostly romantic as well as clean and quick. There were a million orders that night and they got everything right for us. We are not here for Karaoke!!! So here is the rest.... 
The clientele is a mess!!!! I can't actually do a review about a place based on the type of people who go there, that is not fair to the business. But here are some key words.....
1. UBER
2. Where is my ID?
3. I can't believe he carded me, don't i look 22?
4. Do Japanese people do Sockee Bombs? (i am spelling this wrong deliberately) 
this is what i encountered outside with the crowd of drunken people trying to get to the coveted karaoke bar upstairs. I would have given them a full four stars had they made one small change....
if you are not in a party for the karaoke bar, can their be some sort of alternate entrance? i know security is tight, and not getting any less tight, but we waited 15 minutes just to be told we could go right in the restaurant after all that nonsense with the party before us. 
Other than that this is a place i would see us coming back to again, but maybe not a Saturday night. 
:)What I lack in ability to carry a tune, I more than make up for in my enthusiasm for singing. For this reason, I love karaoke, but other people probably hate me for it. Sorry, other people.
Friends booked a private room for a celebration & it was SO much fun! I'm very impressed with their high-tech touch-screen karaoke machine & I really enjoyed the whole vibe of this place. 
So why the 3 stars? Everyone else got their sushi way before Ed C & I got ours. We had to ask the waiter, twice, for our food. Ed & I can EAT, so we ordered all 6 vegetarian rolls to share, thinking they'd be normal sized sushi rolls. Nope. Little teeny tiny rolls, 4 pieces each. We paid a lot of money for said sushi & beers, & then we left hungry.
I would go here again, because karaoke, but I would plan on eating elsewhere first.This is the little gem I always forget about.  Cheap sushi.  Fun karaoke times and usually I hate karaoke.  I once acquiesed to singing "La Isla Bonita" here because I couldn't stand listening to the other singers.  
The Japanese videos set to these songs are at least as fun as the karaoke itself.  
There are private rooms you can rent for parties to karaoke until you die.  Seems like fun with the right crowd although I pride myself in not making friends that would be in those types of crowds.  
Friendly service.  Close to the El.  Why the heck not?Decent place to get your sushi fix. Although not the best sushi I have had by far, I Iike the dark ambiance and the fact that its located in Chinatown making it convenient for center city residents.This is going to be a long review, so before i start here is what you will need to know. Yakitori Boy is a Japanese Tapas, or as they call it "Japas" restaurant. It is highly affordable because of this. It is beautiful and modern and features a second floor seating, bar and karaoke set-up. Now on to my review!
For months I have walked by an intriguing new restaurant going up a block from my home in Chinatown. I read it's license app in the window and found out it was to be called "Yakitori Boy." I immediately thought of the amazing japanese skewer (Yakitori) restaurants my girlfriend and I have had the pleasure of enjoying in NYC. I would walk away, anxiously awaiting this new restaurant to open.
Finally, the sunday before Christmas, my girlfriend noticed banners and a traditional Chinatown blessing ceremony at the Yakitori Boy. YES, would it live up to our lofty expectations?? We weren't going to wait to find out. That evening we walked up and asked, "Open for business?" Two well dressed men standing outside welcomed us with open arms, proclaiming, "You are our first customers!" They had done a soft opening earlier in the day and the sleet and high winds were obviously keeping people indoors. 
Once inside, we were blown away by the clean and modern aesthetic,, as well as the popular american music playing over the speakers (these are somewhat hard to find in Chinatown). We entered as the first paying customers at Yakitori Boy and were greeted by a large round of applause by the entire staff. Something that two young, hipsters are not used to at restaurants. We were sat in a very private booth with japanese drapes hanging over the entrance to the booth, which added to the private and romantic feel. The multicultural wait-staff were all very attentive and pleasant. 
We ordered the SEAFOOD PANCAKE, a mix of fresh seafood, veggies and batter that is fried till it is delicate and then topped with a mix of dried bonito flakes, a hoisin dressing a special mayo. Our Japanese friend had introduced us to this dish in NYC and it exceeded expectations as it was lighter and tastier than those we had eaten in the past.
For the second course, we had an assortment of SKEWERS. We ordered the Chicken, Chicken Skin, Rib eye and Salmon and scallion. Each skewer was served with a lemon wedge, which to my surprise really brought out the individual flavor and personality of each of the dishes. Once again, AMAZING.
They have a huge assortment of sushi and specialty rolls as well, and I had to try the spider roll, as I can tell alot by a restaurant's spider roll. The soft shell crab tempura was crisp and fresh and the textures meshed beautifully with the rice and other elements. 
Tapas are a funny creature, you have to give them a minute to expand in your stomach before you order more. I say this because we ordered more food. HA. We noticed $4 "mini" soba noodle dishes on the menu. We had to try them. Let me say, these were NOT mini. They were an amazing value at $4, and very filling.
WHEW! All told we had an amazing dinner and great experience in an amazing atmosphere for UNDER $40.
Highly recomended!I've been here a few times over the years and it's usually a good time. I like renting a room and singing the night away with friends. I would not come here for just the food, however. It's  overpriced for what you get and tastes like preprepared food you might buy frozen in a grocery store. The cocktails were off too and we  ended up sending a couple back. The service is always good with your own call button in the room. Once the button is pushed someone shows up immediately to answer questions about the machine or to bring more food or drinks. This place has been around a while now, and could do well with some cosmetic upgrades. The tables in the room are all beat up and things are looking pretty dingy. But really, if you end up here, you probably want to throw back a couple of drinks and sing your heart out with good friends. Stick with the basics with food and drinks and you'll be fine.$15 an hour for karaoke on a Sunday?!  I had so much fun and the service was great even though they seemed a bit busy.  I highly recommend going here.  I loved the food too.  I am very picky about yakitori and this was not a let down.Came here to meet up with friends. Ordered a couple of plates of Tako Yaki and a samurai martini. One of my favorite places for happy hour, prices are great and drinks are Better.I love Yakitori Boy for its great weekly specials and its "japas" portions.  For those who haven't been, beware that they serve some dishes in smaller tapas form for sharing.  I think it's great, and I love it for take out because I can order two different kinds of maki instead of just one order for myself to add up to the usual 6-8 pieces.  It's really quite nice.  Not to mention everything tastes fantastic.Took my wife there as she is a big karaoke fan last Saturday night.  We got there at almost 9:00.  First went upstairs to the karaoke bar.  It wasn't too full, but half of the tables were reserved and empty.  We decided to go downstairs and eat first.  
The food was great.  I had the teriyaki salmon box with a chicken yakitori on the side.  My wife had the spicy shrimp box with a chicken heart yakitori on the side.  All of the food was great!
After dinner, we went back upstairs.  It was much more crowded inside of the bar area now.  However, those same tables were still reserved and still empty, so we decided to just go someplace else.
Overall, staff was very friendly and food was delicious.  Only complaint is it seemed odd to have half of their seating reserved for so long, but nobody ever came, so they just stayed empty. 
The rating was really close to a 3 since the whole reason we went there was for the karaoke bar, but the food and service was really good and deserved the 4 stars.
We might go back again and try a private karaoke room.This is probably my favorite place to go for happy hour and sushi. On Tuesdays they have a $1 yakitori skewers. On Wednesdays they offer a $2.50 sushi roll special - just keep in mind that their rolls come in 4 pieces, which is great to mix and match. The special rolls are AMAZING. Definitely recommend the meteor roll. Another great item on their menu is the yakitori don - although this item takes 45 min to prep, it is 100% worth the wait. 
The first floor is the restaurant and the second floor is the karaoke bar and lounge. It's great for dinner or a night out with friends.Keeps me coming back for the food & beer- the cocktails are gross & service can be a definite hit or miss, lately it's been misses with all the carelessness. Now drink your Sapporo and smile!The place is very swanky and hip and looks just like a modern Japanese restaurant does in Tokyo. For a date, I recommend calling ahead to reserve their little curtained booth, which is very cozy and special. 
Their miso soup is shockingly good (the best, really), as is the dipping sauce for the tempura sweet potato. Said potato, however, was somewhat undercooked.
The staff were friendly and service was quick. 
One sad thing is that apart from a couple of soups containing noodles, there was not a single noodle dish on the menu, which is a tragedy. Yakitori Boy being otherwise so close to the Tokyo experience really ought to serve the young Tokyians favorite late night quick grab Yakisoba, which is hard to come by in Philly. 
In leu of a noodle dish I asked for some simple Ramen noodles on the side, which got me:  half a packet of Ramen *without the flavoring!* who thinks of this?! for which I payed 5 dollars.
As scandalous as that was, I say the miso makes up for it.I absolutely love Yakitori Boy, I drove all the way to Philly just to have dinner with my bestfriends here. The atmosphere and food are always great. Everyone at my table ordered soup  because of how cold it was outside and of course followed with fresh sushi, and other apps. The great part about Yakitori is of course the prices the authentic food, and then Karaoke of course. You can order food in a private karaoke room, at the bar, or at the dinner table for a more intimate setting. The music options for karaoke are endless as well. I will always return. Unless of course a location opens up in Downtown Baltimore, Maryland. *Hint Hint.I came here with a few friends after a meeting held upstairs, the sushi was really good and surprisingly cheap, although the portion sizes were smaller then usual (4 pieces per roll). The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. We didn't stay for karaoke, but I would make a point of doing so in the future.Man I recently discovered this hidden gem of a sushi place. I went on a fri night and the place was pretty packed. The prices were very fair and the quality was pretty good. Obv not Morimoto good but for almost half the price this is WAY better. The yakitori (food on skewers) was delicious, the sushi was fresh, and the drinks were large (we got 34 oz Asahi Godzilla Cans for 10 bucks, apparently on sundays they are 7!) The ambience is pretty nice. Not too fancy but nice enough that you would think you were in a more expensive place. 
I have not used their karaoke rooms but I bet that would be fun some other night with bunch of friends. I will definitely be going back at some point. Maybe during happy hours when yakitori is a dollar.OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE. 
I went for my birthday, solely karaoke in the upstairs bar/lounge.  We went fairly early on a Friday night, ~9pm, to ensure we had a booth to sit in.  I walked in and didn't reserve anything...(I wanted to feed off of the other karaoke-rs), and they were SO nice!!!  Couldn't have been more accomodating.  All the waiters and waitress were unbelievably considerate, always bringing out more chairs when guests came, making sure everyone had a full drink, even if it was water... and the edamame was absolutely delicious!!  They even hung my coat up when they saw it lying in the booth, for free!!!!!  The ambiance, speakers, television, lighting, BATHROOM, wow. this place is awesome. 
Even though it's $1/song and there is limited dancing area, I can't imagine going anywhere for a) karaoke or b) a good time.Yakitori Boy is awesome! I went with 3 of my closest friends and we had a great time ordering different things throughout the evening and enjoy sake and Sapporo beers. You have to get the chicken skin skewers... they're like crackcicles. It's really not like I can say the food was outstanding or their are any specialty drinks that you have to get, but I will say the overall vibe you get inside Yakitori combined with the intriguing menu options and the quality of the service really made me feel like this is going to be a good place for me to bring small groups of my friends.Went as a date with my boyfriend. Wonderful food! Not expensive, and DELICIOUS. Ambiance and décor is upscale and classy. Waitress was obviously busy but did her best with the work, she forgot a few things and wasn't too smiley but not a big deal. After enjoying dinner my boyfriend and I headed upstairs to check out karaoke and whatnot and it was lively and fun, drinks up there were expensive however and completely watered down. I asked the bartender if he could make them stronger and aggressively turned me down, lol. But I would definitely go back again.Karaoke was awesome! We got a private room, service was great, food was ok. Weeknights there are slow, so there's always openings for private rooms. Tuesday nights are $1 skewer specials, which are pretty tasty. The food is affordable, but small portions, nothing too exciting.
The karaoke was the best part. I had never been, and it was awesome with my friends. If you're going with group, get a room (wink wink).At first, I was a little concerned about a sushi place that has karaoke  - I thought the food might be mediocre or something, but I was wrong. The quality of the food at Yahitori Boy is amazingly high! In addition, having your own private karaoke room (and a lot of sake) is pretty fun - as long as your friends are into singing (off key)!Sushi was priced pretty cheap but the quality of the sushi was not the best I've had in the city, I wouldn't even consider it good sushi since there are so many sushi restaurant competitions in the city.  I gave the place a try because I had a groupon that made the food pretty cheap.  
As for the service, it was great, our waiter was very tentative and recommended good sake.Amazing love everything about this place! And all the staff is always so nice  .... order the j roll it's not on the menu anymore since jimmy Rollins left the Phillies but I literally have yet to find a better roll ANYWHERECame here for happy hour on a Friday, and it got packed pretty fast, tables filling up next to us by the minute. That being said, their happy hour is pretty solid with $4/5 yakitori sets and a decent drink menu all under $6. I tried the vegetable (mushroom, asparagus, and eggplant) and seafood (salmon, shrimp, fish tofu) yakitoris and both of them were delicious but not even close to filling. Even at happy hour, you'd have to spend a solid amount of money to be full. The Lychee-tini that I had was strong, though I wouldn't say good-tasting. On top of it all, service was very attentive and fast, so that this place rounds out to be very average.I have mixed feelings about this place. iNve heard great things about the food but haven't yet gotten to try it. I finally tried this place out for my friend's bday party on a Saturday night a couple weeks ago. We were a decent sized group and they were able to get us a table upstairs without a reservation pretty wuickly which was nice. The drinks are expensive, and the cocktail waitresses were kind of snobs. The karaoke crowd is definitely a melting pot of people and then the DJ plays random songs in between people singing. for the most part it was a good time but it's a little chaotic. it's hard to get your name in for a song and you have to be sure to do it early because they fill up quickly and then close the list. When it's your turn, your song basically just starts and they try to find you with the mics so if you weren't paying attention to the line on the top of the screen that tells you what song will play next, or you're in the bathroom, you basically miss it. At one point early on there were some girls standing off to the side that were being really bitchy and screaming at singers and booing them. at one point the chick even ran up to the person who was singing and grabbed the mic and started making fun of them. I felt horrible for them. But again, since this was my first time there, that could have been a one-time occurance. By like 11 the servers came over and kicked us out of our table because a bachelorette party group was coming in that had made a reservation for the table. Which was fine but most of us sitting at the table had no idea what was going on and the servers were just being incredibly rude and pushey. I will give them credit that was got a new table relatively quickly though. Then towards the end of the night my friend got kicked out for being too intoxicated. At first the bouncers tried to work with him and be cool but then they said he had to go. So, overall, I had fun but everything was expensive and the upstairs employees were def not nice. It's definitely NOT your normal karaoke set up.This place is awesome! We ordered the Chef's Special (had more chicken than anything else), pork belly, Karubi, ribeye, bacon-wrapped quail eggs, asparagus, eggplant, chicken gizzards, shrimp tempura, Golden Dragon sushi roll and Magic sushi roll. Everything was so good, the lighting, decor and atmosphere was warm, inviting and fun. Service was fantastic and efficient because everyone worked together. I will be visiting this restaurant everytime I'm within a 50-mile radius!I'm dropping my review for my visit last Wednesday. 
The food is still good.  Our waitress was fine. They have some kind of $14 bottle of Korean grain-hybrid alcohol that gets you whacked. What was the problem?
How myself and my fiance were treated during an incident. The first came about when I went to go the restroom and I realized my wallet was out. We were seated right in front of the hostess station towards the across from the end of the sushi bar. My fiance didn't think anything of leaving my purse there while he went to smoke.  I didn't remember leaving it there and thought it maybe slipped my mind. Upon checking just in case, a $20 bill  was missing. I know it was there because I counted my money when we went in because we were splitting the bill. I had about $55. They caught a couple guys near our table on their cameras touching my purse when my fiance reported it and said they do couldn't anything because it was too grainy and they left already. They weren't liable. 
My favorite local bar reimburses me when somebody swipes my kitty with no questions asked (has happened once or twice). It's whatever though. I guess I understand. It gets worse, though...
We were humiliated by front-end staff and a bouncer because my debit card kept declining for some reason. I know there was money in there because I checked my balance before we went out after making a mid-day deposit just to be safe. No big deal. Just just let me and him figure out what we're doing because we originally decided to split it on the premise I had $20 more in cash than I did now (with my card as back-up) which they continued to tout as not being their fault. They were threatening to call the police and being quite nasty before I just gave the rest of my cash and my fiance decided to pay plus the rest upon making sure he wouldn't overdraft his account.We're obviously not dining and dashing!  I'm honestly embarrassed to go back for a while.Always enjoy Yakitori Boy. There are so many profession bartenders who know how to enjoy their job and make pretty good cocktails. Plus, those skywards are so good. Perfect with drinks.I had a great time at Yakitori Boy!  Some friends and I met up for dinner and karaoke and we had a blast.
The menu is quite overwhelming for a newbie like myself (soooo many choices :-) )---but the food was great!  Really fresh sushi, nice size bento boxes, delicious pork gyoza, and the sweet potato tempura was bomb!
All of the staff were super friendly and funny.
We had a blast singing and listening to this one very off-tune girl sing.  It's like watching the American Idol try-outs, but better! :-)
Anyway, I can't wait to go back for my friend's birthday :-)Sushi was good, service was fast although I felt a bit rushed by the waiter. However, I would definitely go back, the environment and vibes were chill. Plus, even though I didn't do karaoke it's a nice option on the next level.Had a great time here. Was looking for a meal with the girls before going to the car show nearby.
Arrived 1hr prior to end of happy hour. We ordered a few items off the happy hour menu. 
The drinks were simple..mine was sweet as I like but it also reminded me of a cough syrup mix.
We all ordered 2 drinks off the happy hour menu and those made us all nice and tipsy.
I enjoyed the apps and if you plan accordingly you can really get filled off the app menu.
We also ordered off the main menu. I can't recall the individual items but they were all enjoyable. And for the price, we had a great dinner.
We stayed past our intended time and ended up not going to the car show.
Maybe we shall try the Karaoke next time.
Oh and friendly waiter service.lots of youngster late at night.
came here with a friend after a drink elsewhere. got $1 yakitori-chicken, gizzard, liver, heart, meatball. yakitoris were okay.  didnt enjoy the ambiance much since there were a lot of high school looking kids all drunk.This is one of my favorites in china town. It's always our go-to spot for great food and a fun atmosphereThis place blows my mind every time I come here. I moved to Philly about 4 years ago and am an avid sushi eater. This is by far one of my favorite Sushi restaurants in Philadelphia and all over the country. They do one of the best Tiger and Mexican rolls I have ever had. I usually get those two rolls, miso soup and a short rib skewer and leave with a shit eating grin and a happy tummy. The servers are always warm, friendly and on top of things. Having been a waiter, this is something I notice every time I eat at an establishment. Good service is something I thoroughly appreciate. I have been here many, many times and have never once been disappointed. If you live in Philadelphia and or are visiting please check this place out!This place needs to hire new workers . I went here one night for my birthday and they were so rude because I showed up earlier than expected . The food on the other hand is awesome . And their saki bombs really hit you afterI can come here alone or with friends and I always have a blast ! The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. The really tall bartender Mark is great! He always makes an amazing drink. 
The grilled corn is so tasty. The brussels sprouts special they have been running is delicious. I don't know what's in that sauce but damn! I want to drink it. 
Karaoke here is always fun. Although sometimes I feel like they should adjust the volume on some of the "scream singers."
I don't know what's happening with their bathrooms but they are always freezing :(We only stopped in for drinks and food at the bar, but left very happy.  Our server was very nice and polite and explained dishes to us that we hadn't heard of or tried before.  The drinks were made very well, although we didn't order anything too out of the ordinary.  All the dishes we tried were really good and the price was reasonable.  Will try again but next time with a group and will try out the karaoke as well.