Was a really great place . Had a cool naruto vibe going on. The fish cakes are a cute additional to one of the best and quite cheaply priced ramen I've had in a while. Definitely a try . Domo arigato!So me and my boyfriend showed up at 11:20 on a Sunday even though their hours say they open at 11:30  they seated us immediately. We got the drink menu first and I tried the tea of the day which was the Thai Mango a really tasty iced drink. The waitress recommended the pork bao which was amazing. I ordered the miso ramen and was so full after everything was amazing place was clean and pretty and the staff was attentive but not annoying ie checking on you every 10 minutes like some restaurants. Will definitely be going back.Coming back and I was extremely happy to see at the bar. I cannot express how awesome she is and I swear she knows me well. The ramen was great but her strawberry mojito is a knock out of the ball great. Heavenly of a drink paired with amazing hazelnut mousse cake!!! I am sold to come back again. Customer service is always on point and Kim is just a delight to talk to as always!!!A nice bowl of hot ramen for dinner is always a good choice. I went to other ramen shops around Philly and always got the miso soup. With this place, I got a large and felt it was a standard size while the regular was pretty tiny. Prices were a bit higher than other shops. The plus is that there is lots of seating and the way they prepare their pork belly was great. Big slice cuts of pork has lots of flavors than thin slices. The broth was good as well as everything in the ramen.The ramen was alright and not as great as the ones in Manhattan, NY.  But food was at least 3 stars and environment was 4 stars.
Unfortunately I just noticed that what I tipped them on my credit card was not what was shown on my statement. They had the guts to add an additional $4 on my card while I have tipped them $5 on a $31 total meal. 
Be careful of your credit card. Therefore they gave themselves a 28% tips.
Am going to see if I can dispute it since it have been a few months.I just came in to try their snow ice, I was very happy with it. I got the matcha snow ice, which comes with azuki bean, condensed milk, grass jelly, strawberries, and fried rice cakes. This place looks very clean and customer service is awesome. I will definitely come back to try different things maybe in a month or two when their credit card machine becomes available.This place is amazing! It's not expensive for great tasting ramen. I been here a few times and have gotten the chicken ramen and the vegetarian ramen. Both were delicious but I preferred the vegetarian one. We also got matcha cake at the end which was the best cake I've ever eaten and bubble teas. I highly recommend this place for anyone !This is another favorite "value meal" place in Center City for me. I've been slowly working my way through the army of restaurants in Chinatown and had my doubts about this new ramen place. I'm so glad  I tried it. The place is charming in an authentic Japanese ramen shop kind of way (I've been to Japan) and all the food presentation was first class. I had the shoyu ramen with chasu pork; it was both pretty to look at and tasty to eat. Our waiter was fantastic. As a bonus, water was served in little chem lab beakers and the check came slipped into a manga comic book. Enjoy a really great meal and service for what you'd spend at a fast food joint. Good job, Yamitsuki!I walked in one day and was falsely accused of not paying a bill that was left by a group of people last week. Apparently, the waitress there mistake we were the group of people that "did not pay" the bill. I was treated as a thief and that really piss me off. This place need a better surveillance system. They can not show proves nor they were sure if it was us. The waitress treated us with a very bad attitude. I will never come back here again. If you need a good ramen place, go to Terakawa. I went here because terakawa was packed. They overcharged and the only ramen that actually taste ok is the Karai. Yamitsuki owes me and apology!I give three star because the service and shaved ice were really good but the ramen was just disappointing. The sliced pork was tough to eat, soup lack of flavor... I am glad we ordered Matcha shaved ice, it was good looking and delicious and it probably would be the only reason I'd come back to this place.My experience at this place was amazing. Went to Philly for a day trip and while walking through Chinatown, saw this place and decided to stop by. The giant Baymax figurine as soon as I entered already showed me that it was gonna be a great time. The staff was amazing, they explained the menu well and when I asked about vegetarian options, they were more than happy to discuss the items on the menu and helped me choose an amazing entree for dinner. I started out with edamame for appetizer, had the spicy soybean past ramen for entree and had the most delicious, decadent yet light matcha mousse cake, one of the best cakes I've ever had. The complete experience here was phenomenal and I would 10/10 recommend to anyone seeking some delicious food in Philly!This place does not disappoint! Their spicy chicken ramen is so delicious I'm willing to sit by myself and enjoy it in peace by the bar :) will be back on my next trip to philly!!Upbeat new ramen restaurant with lots of vegetarian options. I've been here a hand of times and overall the food is inconsistent. Sometimes you'll get ramen with little to no flavor, other times your ramen flavor to the extreme. I've come where my soy sauce flavored ramen was so salty to the point that I couldn't finish it. Other times my ramen was so spicy that it burned my stomach, and ruined the ramen experienced.The waitstaff: inviting. 
The entrees: succulent. 
The cocktails: refreshingly modern. 
The check: encased in a comic book. 
Five stars, all around.Uhm, I have to really come back and try the food again to give this place 4 stars or higher. I only came during soft opening. I wanted chicken but they were out so I ended up with usual pork choice. Ramen was good and I also had the pork bun, which I really like. Service though could be better. My server lady didn't know or couldn't explain to me the differences between the two eggs choice. I was confused myself and wanted to make sure that I got the right egg. I wanted the seasoned egg but ended up with soft boiled, which I was told was poached. Anyhow, love the iron man thing and juice/drink bar area, which I have yet to try. Overall, a nice place, can't complain much. However, we really do not need anymore ramen places in the city or in Chinatown. How about someone open up Korean food instead? We need more of that in Chinatown, because K Town now only do banquets and karaoke parties.The food was good, the ramen had a good flavor, and the teas were delicious and not overly sweet or artificial tasting like many other places. The service was pretty attentive as well. My only complaint is that everything was overpriced, especially the ramen. A $10-11 base price for a regular bowl of ramen is pretty steep, especially when it doesn't even come with the mushroom, bamboo, and egg that it would normally be served with at other ramen houses, for the same price or even cheaper! By the time you add all the additional toppings that it should already come with, you'd be paying $15 for a small bowl of ramen!all my friends rave about how great food is at this place. In the back of my head, Its Ramens people! I could make this stuff at home myself. Im not easily impressed with Restaurant in chinatown Philadelphia. they all taste the same just different chefs.
I came for dinner with a friend, he loves this place. i was greeted and seated really quickly. i was really hungry and impatient so i ordered one item of each entree category, a no soup base cold ramon, hot soup roman and a rice plate. yeah, my eyes are bigger than my tummy. 
food came out at a good timing but my rice was cold coming out of the kitchen. i asked our server for a bowl of hot rice. she said they don't have enough rice. so my request has been denied. she had too spoon my rice and pop it in the microwave. i don't think i like that. Its an Asian food restaurant, how can you run out of rice?!?!? i have never heard of that before. cook some more. its a wrap. I'm done with this establishmentSuper excited to have found this spot last week. The first time having authentic Ramen and been turned on since. Here today with my last few dollars till tomorrow for another bowl of Shoyu Tonkotsu. Very happy in the snow!Great place to spend when rain comes or winter time. Went there with my co-workers on our lunch time. We totally enjoyed it. This place actually bigger than Terakawa Ramen which is a good thing to spend with bunch of people. Totally worth it, really recommended it once you visit philly.so delocate and so authentic ramen place, must try the Karai noodle. The milk tea is also amazing. For apetizer, definitely try the cucumber, tell s you so much about Japanese culture and cuisineI love this place! Service is awesome and their drink selection is great. Definitely try the tonkatsu and the hokkaido milk tea. I highly recommend anything on their cocktail menu which is Naruto themed!Came here to try the ramen since everyone was raving about it. The price was definitely higher than I had expected. If the food was great, the price wouldn't be a big deal to me. But, the food was not, it was mediocre and quite bland. Also, service was not that great.there is amazing place ,after work u can get a drink chat with u friends  enjoy the music ,if u need a quick lunch .u can order  a  shio   japanese ramen and spider bun ,so yummy ......Wonderful Ramen .... tastes very, very close to the authentic ramen items you would get in Japan.  Also, Yamitsuki's shaved ice is very delicious, rarely available in the ramen joints in Japan.  Recommended without reservation by a Japanese guy!!This is the worst Japanese Raman I ever had. It's not a typical Japamese resturant at all. Music is loud, noodles are hard and taste terrible, and the bamboos in the soup even turn rotted and smell like dead meat. Don't go!This place was amazing the first time I was here, but that was shortly after they opened.  The food quality has consistently gone down, especially with the pork belly they use.  The flavor of the soup is not consistent.  Sometimes it's super strong, other times it's weak.  I used to come here every time I was in Philly, but lately, I'd rather go to other places.Staff is what got my rating up to 3 stars. I think the only reason why people love this place is because they love Naruto. Ramen and sushi was mediocre at best.For all the broths being chicken based, I was pleasantly surprised at how rich it was.  Naturally, pork is more fatty and with heavier bones for the stock, but this chicken is able to hold its own.
Got the Spicy Miso and it was indeed pretty spicy and rich.  It was seasoned nicely and not overpowered with just the heat from the peppers.  The noodles have a good bite and the pork and nitamago was cooked perfectly.
The pork was tender and well seasoned and I'm glad it wasn't too salty as it would of made the entire experience overwhelming.  
This is all I can remember as I'm trying to finish this review.  
Okay. Bye-bye.Came here to eat with my friends and the servers/manager ganged up on us, saying we were drunk and ate without paying last weekend. I was not even there last weekend!! One friend was there but didn't even drink that night. Overall, IDGAF if one friend was there -- they accused our entire party and was adamant that I was there. That just tells you how petty this establishment is & how quick they're to shift blame without solid facts. Never in my life have I've ever done some petty eat and run type sht. Will NEVER step foot in this place again and absolutely will not recommend you do eitherJust had an amazing meal of ramen and cocktails tonight. Kim who made my drink and took my order at the bar was great! Served my lemon drop with love! She is super sweet and great to talk too!! She made the best Lychee drink ever!!! Sooo good! I will definitely come here to see Kim again! Best service ever!!I'd rate this place 3.5 stars overall. They have just opened and are probably still troubleshooting, so I am rounding up my rating to give them the benefit of the doubt. Although it seems some reviewers have had service issues, my experience was pretty smooth. The servers may not have seemed very experienced, but they were friendly, checked in often, and got me what I needed pretty efficiently. They also told me ahead of time that they are only taking cash payments right now. 
Food-wise, I had the chicken bun appetizer and a bowl of shoyu ramen. The ramen was good. I felt the broth was pretty flavorful (if not a bit salty) and a bit lighter than typical pork broth that comes with ramen. The noodles were fine, and so were the rest of the toppings. However, note that some ramen toppings like kikurage mushrooms and menma (marinated bamboo shoots), which are typically included at other ramen places, are not included here and would need to be added for $1. For the price, the portion size is a bit smaller than other ramen places in Philly, though I definitely felt full after eating the appetizer and the ramen bowl. I would skip the chicken buns next time because both chicken and shells were on the dry side (as if they weren't fresh), and the toppings were not the best I've had. 
The interior design is great, though, and they have some interesting milk tea options not found at other ramen places in town. Also, I thought it was cool that they served water in a beaker. I've always wanted to do that myself at home. Overall, I would probably return for a quick bowl of ramen if I'm in the neighborhood. It's not the best, nor best-valued, ramen I've had, but it will do the job.I love ramen and walking around Chinatown and randomly finding a new ramen restaurant is the happiest thing that could ever happen to me. My friend and I weren't even hungry but we had to try it so we split chicken ramen together. It was very very tasty and let me tell you, I cannot wait to go back and try more, finally another good ramen restaurant in my favorite Chinatown.Best Ramen hands down, the service was amazing ! I go here for lunch and I get the vegan ramen. The service at night gets even better. We had Ramen, Crab roll, and the spicy crunchy shrimp. And Jasmine tea loved everything.Great lunch place with good food. I have no idea why they got rid of their lunch special menu though, might have to reevaluate coming as often as I do until they bring it back.Disclaimer: lived in Japan 
Rating based off spicy pork ramen
Not far off from top ramen with Sriracha for spice. The egg was half an egg with a cold yolk... not sure how much money they are saving there, but definitely not making the meal any better. The broth was suppose to be creamy but legit was the consistency of cup-o-noodles. For 11$ it's not worth it. My brother and his husband had two other ramen soups and we all left disappointed.  I'm just being honest. The waitress got a good tip for keeping the waters full. Will not be coming back.Was here during their soft opening during the summer and came again yesterday. My boyfriend and I also came here multiple times during the summer to sit at the tea bar and enjoy their milk teas. I recommend the Jasmine Milk Tea and the Rose one... ugh, so good!
This time we decided to try the ramen again and split a large bowl of spicy currai (?) ramen with pork, along with some pork buns. I'm not used to egg noodles but damn, I really enjoyed the ramen! The meat was alright and the broth was pretty tasty. 
I recommend that you ALWAYS, ALWAYS get the pork buns... too savory to miss out on!Great ramen (with vegetarian options!) and sushi with great service! This restaurant is definitely a date night staple for me and the beau.We are vegetarians and found the food delicious. Eggplant buns and curry ramens were my favorites.My wife and I love me the meal. Sushi order was quick and fresh. The ramen was great. Big plus is the service staff is too notch and the place a super clean. Which can't be said for most of places in Chinatown-Philly.Nothing special about this place it's honestly the same as nom nom ramen which is a down grade from terakawa. Terakawa is hands down the best ramen spot in philly. Don't expect anything amazing, it's just expensive ramen for something that's not the best. Get your money worth at terakawa; you can't beat 7$ bowls compared to 12$ here and nom nomAn acquired taste the ramen soup had fermented mushrooms the smell was aweful but the chicken chasu sandwiches were half decent.  I would not recommend this place it's kind of pricy though the Sevice was good the manager Eddie was stand offish at the onset. 
Edgar and Lily Dec 2017Yamitsuki is okay. Nothing I ate here was bad, but also nothing was amazing. 
My brother and I came here because he'd never had ramen before. We tried going to Terakawa, but the wait was a little too long so I found Yamitsuki on Yelp. Luckily for us, there was no wait here on a weekday evening. We got seated quickly in a large booth in the back of the restaurant, and were handed water in beakers (which honestly was pretty cool). 
After perusing the menu, we ended up ordering the pork bao buns and some shoyu ramen. The buns were good -- soft and flavorful. The ramen could use some improvement. The broth wasn't as flavorful as I expected it to be, which is sad because ramen is all about the broth. 
Overall, I was underwhelmed. Yamitsuki does have the cool factor; the decor is cool, and they have little quirks such as handing out the checkbook in a Naruto manga. But because of the food, I'm unsure if I'll ever return.ABSOLUTELY AWFUL!! Rude, small portions, flavor in ramen broth was extremely underdeveloped. Stop with the shortcuts!!Great place to get Chinatown experience in Philly!  Enjoy the friendship gate, the local sites and business of Chinatown and then stop in at Yamitsuki for Ramen, Sushi, Eggplant buns, Tonkotsu, Green Tea w/ Jasmine, Bubble Tea, etc.  Everything we had was so good--service, quick, efficient and my kids loved the mural inside, thumbing the comic book, etc.  We loved tasting our way thru Yamitsuki Ramen!We tried this place out because of 1.The Naruto theme drinks and because they offer a few different types of Ramen like shoyu and shia(sp). Everything was delicious including the tea(and sushi)! We had a fried shrimp appetizer which was very good but a bit expensive for 4-5 pieces of shrimp. I enjoyed the atmosphere and will definitely returns.Loved it here! Naruto themed teas on the menu, lots of drink options, and great atmosphere. Good service, and reasonable price. $10-15 per meal, and timely too!Very open compared to Terakawa my other Ramen haunt. The ambience is great. Great broth and noodles. Disappointed that eggs and stuff cost extra in my ramen.Very good dining experience! Our family might jump ship from Terakawa. I had miso tonkatsu and it was really good. Pork was very flavorful and definitely must try. We were hesitant from coming in but so glad we did. Staff was friendly and chicken katsu portion was incredible.The two stars rating is for a poor interaction with staff. I realized I left my credit card in one of their Naruto comic books that they delivered the bill in. I called to ask if they could check for my credit card and he said "We are closing soon. Call back tomorrow. Nothing here". There was no "hang on let me check". He just blew me off. Cancelling a credit card is a hassle e.g. waiting for a new card, changing linked accounts, etc. No sane person would wait until the next day to call back and allow fraudulent charges to rack up. So credit card cancelled and definitely will not be coming back to this place and will not be recommending it to anyone. 
Food was subpar. The pork charsu was dry with firm fat. Waitress tried to upsell the toppings. Base price is too high for a place with add-ons. Not worth coming back.The most memorable dish I had was the shaved ice cream dessert. The ramen, spider buns, and sushi was all very mediocre. The drink menu was extensive however.Great service and good food. I had the rice platter that consisted of fried pounded chicken breast (ps I didn't know what it is called) and side of the sauce and salad. The meal was great I enjoyed it. The pork bun was okay I guess. The pork had that porky flavor and smell to it which is good but to my tasting I find that off putting it kills the sauce. The water cup was rather interesting. It was a beaker that you would find in a lab or some sort. Don't know why they added but in my personal opinion I don't like that idea. Overall 4/5 stars.Came here for an early dinner with my family. Service was prompt, food arrived quickly and was very delicious! Their signature stuff is obviously ramen and the pork ramen is amazing. Rich broth, excellent noodles and great toppings. They also have a great tea selection. Dessert was a snow ice - green tea flavored ice with strawberries, deep fried mochi and red bean.
The noise level wasn't too bad, with pop music playing at a reasonable level. Lighting was bright enough to read the menu but was still more of a warm glow.
Definitely recommend it for a group of friends or family!King crab roll was wonderful. Warning if you pick the Mai Tai, they are tasty and strong. Keep us the good work YR!!! The menu was easy to read, and YES.... they have pics on them. A big plus!This is an updated review...
The snow ice is sooo good!  Sometimes they have different flavors, but the light fluffiness of the ice is so heavenly, I could eat one everyday! 
I also tried the pork belly don- its like a meal I would eat at home...i added a poached egg on top to make the pork and rice creamy.Where to ramen or where not to ramen, that is the question. Well obviously- ramen is the way to go, but in my opinion, this is 3rd place so far. Don't get me wrong, it's still good, but my #1 is Terakawa and #2 goes to @Ramen. I ordered the curry broth which was good, Jen ordered the first Tonkatau broth which was okay... but overall the broths at my top 2 are just better. That, and at Terakawa you get more food- more pork, mushrooms and bamboo shoots, a season egg (without having to pay extra for them) etc.  still a good option but it would be my plan BThis place is amazing ! The atmosphere is by far my favorite, I always eat here when I'm in China town. The food is delicious & my favorite ramen spot! The workers are super nice and the whole staff greets you, their Sakura tea is amazing too. Highly recommend!Dropped by with a friend to get dinner before a concert at the Troc.
I got the pork belly buns and Maruto drink. I think I went to food heaven. The buns were so soft, like a baby's bum (that's weird)! They were a little leaky and messy, but they were to die for. The Maruto drink was jasmine tea mixed with OJ, and it was lightly sweetened, honestly perfect. My friend got the Shoyu (I think?) ramen and really enjoyed it. 
Service was wicked fast. We were in and out in 30 minutes. Also the check was served in a Naruto comic book (hehe). Employees were kind and helpful! TIP: the bathrooms are single use, so don't get confused when you see all the anime characters on the doors, they do not indicate any specific gender.Nice ramen restaurant just around the corner from the Reading Terminal. The ramen broth was tasty but I wasn't too happy with the sushi; the vegetarian rolls still smelled and tasted of fish and the tempura of the tempura shrimp rolls, was not cooked.  Our waiter wasn't too personable and did not provide much direction when we ordered.Was looking for a quick meal to take in the rails home.  Reading Terminal was closed. Walked a block and change and saw a ramen sign and I perked up.
First time at Yamitsukui. Was rushed to make the train, engaged the guy up front and asked top Ramen and could I add more pork meat and poached egg.  He gave me three options and said yes to my requests.
Ordered Shoyu and added extra pork meat (pork clashing) and poached egg (oxen tamagotchi).  
Packed just how i like, contents in one container and broth in another, chop sticks and a spoon.  
Very nice flavor.  Easy in the stomach and warming.
Train conductor walked by and said he smelled it and asked where I got it.
May become my go to for those late nights in the office.  Ramen is like food for the soul.I was a little disappointed when I came here because their prices are a little steeper than I expected for the amount and quality I expected. What drew me here was their Naruto decor and check holders and their sushi was very very good but I doubt I'll be coming back. Their tea was served in a very cute manner though so at least there's that. To sum it up, I was underwhelmedThe hot matcha tea and salmon/avocado roll were perfect.Came here for a milk tea. The place is huuuge and I will have to come back next time to try their ramen. When you first come in there is a giant iron man in a window display which is pretty cool.
I ordered a jasmine milk tea with boba. With real brewed tea! The milk tea was delicious. Tea flavors were awesome. I should have asked if I could have gotten it with less sweetener but that was my bad. Also the boba are the smaller ones but I didn't mind. They were nice and soft.
My friend had a mango smoothie that she really enjoyed. 
I love how the place looks clean and has this Japanese feel to it. Would most definitely come back to get more boba and try the ramen! 
Bonus: the bill came in a naruto manga which was fun.Got the pork broth ramen. Excellent taste and portion size. Nana was our server and did a great jobWhat a delightful find in Philly's China Town. We were looking for some RAMEN Soup and we all enjoyed our selections I had the Vegetarian Ramen with the wasabi broth and truly enjoyed it. The NARUTO 
Fresh squeezed orange juice in jasmine tea was refreshing and the best part was that is was the Fri night special, $2. WOW!
The best part of the evening was our lovely waitress Jaime! She was so attentive to our table and just a sweetheart! The owner came twice to fill out water beakers. We wish you the best in your venture! You are on the right track with excellence in service and flavors!Service was nice and design was very pleasant however foods was so so. The seasoning was too strong. Its new so there's room for improvement. owner very nice and gave me something to replace my meal as he can tell I was not too happy with it.I want to make this review quick as possible since there really isn't much to say.
Disappointed that they only took cash but, whatever.
The ramen was alright. I wouldn't say it was the best. The noodles seemed like you would get in the 'ready to make' package. The 'seasoned' egg I got with my shoyu ramen didn't really taste seasoned. It's honestly just a soft boiled egg. However, I had their spider buns (soft shell crab in a pancake, served like Peking duck buns), and it was delicious. Not a lot of places in China town serve soft shell crab so I was really surprised that they had it.
The bubble tea is average and the bill is in Manga book....
Imagine something spilling in there, then what haha. I liked the out of the box thinking but honestly, it's just kind of weird.Insanely-delicious food and drink in an ultra-modern Asian atmosphere. Pork belly Ramen is no joke. So tender, I don't see how the pig could stand up. Great service, cool cool vibe. They could charge more with no problems.My SO and I were in the mood for ramen so we decided to check out this place. A new addition to Chinatown, Yamitsuki Ramen has a  modern vibe with a Naruto theme. If you are a fan of Naruto, you will certainly enjoy this place. Located on Arch st, you will not miss this place because there is a giant robot in front of the store! 
The service was pretty good. The servers greeted us right away and took us to our seats. They were very attentive with filling our water and checking on us often to make sure our needs were met. 
Yamitsuki has a decent selection of ramen, appetizers, and drinks. The ramen broth is flavorful and the decoration is very appealing. We also got the pork bun which I love! However, it is a bit pricey: $6 for two pork buns. The buns were a bit soggy too but I love the seasoning, kind of remind you of peking duck.
For the drink, we decided to get the Naruto since it was $2 that day. I was not impressed with it because it remindes me a lot of Mr. Wish's Orange Tea. 
The whole place is very clean (the bathroom too). 
Overall, I would not go here that often because I have had better ramen at a decent prices elsewhere.Went on a Friday night, this had been on the list for a while. We were seated quickly and they did the whole "restaurant shouts a greeting at new customers" thing.
Ordered the pork bao buns, curry ramen, and the shoyu ramen as well as the watermelon smoothie and mango thai tea. 
The pork bao buns were pretty solid, the buns weren't as soft as I expected them to be but still delicious. Interesting, they used the cut of pork that I traditionally expect for ramen bowls in the buns. 
The ramen bowls themselves had a very different type of meat. When I see pork chashu on the menu, I expect it to be a thick slice of stacked meat-fat that falls apart and melts in your mouth. The pork chashu here is very different, it looks more like something you see in barbecue. The fat is a film over the meat and you really have to rip into it to get a bite. 
The curry ramen was also disappointing. It tasted like they just added Japanese curry powder to the broth. I would instead highly recommend CheU's curry ramen which has a more diversified flavor and isn't as exhausting/tiring to eat. I got bored of my dish halfway through. 
The watermelon smoothie was delicious, it tasted very fresh and not too syrupy or artificial. They provide you with small beakers for water. I probably got 6 refills throughout dinner. They have filtered water which is great! 
It made for a decent night out but I wouldn't be interested in returning.My one star is for the attempt at cleverness and fun with the decor and Naruto delivery of the check. We popped in after a yummy stop at Tom's Dim Sum, hoping to continue the deliciousness. Sadly, we were disappointed. Glad we did not order multiple items right away. The pork belly buns were one of the worst dishes we have ever had. From the bun, to the pork, to the mayo, it had no flavor or texture. We actually left one on the plate. We never leave food on a plate. My matcha bowl was nothing special. Were hoping to try the ramen, but were so unimpressed we left.We enjoyed ramen here last night and it was yummy. The service was a little slow but the wait staff was very kind and the food was great. We will definitely be returning.Friendly people inside. I always wanted to try fancy ramen and this place did not disappoint. Lots of ideas for new ingredients to throw in. Also, try the milk tea!Lunch at Chinatown's newest Ramen restaurant. When we went there, they still had the soft opening. Therefore, they accepted cash only and you get your first topping free. Great food and friendly service. Ramen was tasteful. The Pork Buns were ok. We definitely want to come back to try other items on the menu.I saw lots of reviews saying Terakawa was better but I disagree. This place is great. I travel often and I make it a point to hit the local ramen spots. I'd put this in my top five.Yamitsuki ramen is just okay. I've t better.
We tried out the soy sauce and curry based ramen bowls - both with pork.
I didn't think the broth was well developed. We added a egg, which was cold. We also added seasonal veggies, which was just a bit of cabbage. The ramen itself was okay.
Service was mediocre, though the ramen came out pretty quickly.
Decent ramen, but there is better ramen in the area.Stopped for a quick bite, I was not disappointed.
The steamed buns were excellent, lots of meat,only complaint here was the cabbage was the size of a small plate, trim it down please! The spicy miso soup was just spicy enough, noodles and meat with soft boiled egg, delicious.The service was quick but not intrusive. Hope this new place has a solid future.Very cute place! My party of three was seated immediately on a Friday night. Our waitress was very attentive, and also kind and patient, letting us know she'd be happy to answer any questions. It was my first time having ramen so I didn't really know what to order, but a friend helped me out. We split an order of Chicken Buns and I ordered the Curry Tonkotsu pork ramen. Just a regular size was plenty for me, and it was delicious! I don't have much to compare it to as it was my first time having REAL ramen, but I'd come back for sure.Delicious Raman and sushi! I had a spicy Raman with an extra egg. The noodles were springy and delicious. It was full of vegetables and really was a great mixture. I highly recommend the bbq pork bun.Stumbled upon this hidden gem. The decors are spot on and very cozy. I ordered the pork belly bun and spicy ramen and they both did not disappoint. The pork was super tender and flavorful. Lastly, our check was tucked inside a Naruto comic book and water was served on a beaker. I'll definitely be back for some desserts and we didn't have room.Nice relaxed atmosphere, good service. We came in on a lazy weekend afternoon and have no trouble parking right outside. The Iron Man 'homemade' replica statue at the store front is a unique window dressing, despite perhaps begs the question "why?", it's a nice decor and conversation starter anyway. The few ramens we tried are an instant hit, with really yummy broth.
Don't miss the marvelous taro shaved ice, it's a good closing to an otherwise simmering summer day. Will definitely try this and other flavors again. And oh, nice touch on using lab jars as drink glasses!