I live next door to Yard's so am in there all the time.  Everyone who works there is really nice and cool to talk to.  Beer is awesome - Philadelphia Pale Ale and Love Stout are my favorites.  Food options are somewhat limited, but they are all very good (esp the Buffalo Sausage sandwich).  Free pool and shuffle board, as well as free tours on weekends.I'm a fan of beer and of history, so when we got here and found that much of the Revolutionary series is based off of actual beer recipes that were brewed by the founding fathers, I was very excited to try them.  They did not disappoint, and the other beers we tried were good as well.  
But really - this is the beer Ben Franklin was making and drinking?  How awesome is that?  I'm absolutely going to dig up some historical beer recipes for Jason B. to brew at home.
The bartender was awesome, and also gave us great advice on where to go for dinner in the neighborhood.Good lunch. Big, spacious area. We liked the new site. Reasonably priced. Also parking is available.
Waitress was great.Definitely come here to try fresh beer! I came here with my cousin because I have never been to Yards. What a great time it was, we tried all of the different brews that they had to offer, and the staff was knowledgeable and very, very friendly. I think Yards is definitely underrated when it comes to craft breweries. They speak authentic and love in the golden deliciousness they brew and deliver to the great people in Philadelphia! I will definitely come back and this time I will bring more people because it is such a great time. I didn't get to try their food, but I plan n grabbing a bite and a pint next time I come there. Cheers!!The beer is good there and the interior is big and roomy. The bathroom kinda smelled if you had to sit over by it and we did for a bit but had to move. We didn't have the food the kitchen was closed. If you want to try a few good beers this is a good place to try.Yards Philly Pale Ale always does me right...tastes awesome, its at most quality establishments, and puts my mind and body at ease. They make a bunch of other great brews: ESA(Extra Special Ale), Saison, IPA, and Love Stout- Just to name a few. I never got to take a tour of the Brewery, which I heard had a pool table(awesome!), and unfortunately I don't think I will be able to with the current split and relocation of Yards. One can only look at this in a positive light. Now we have two great local brewers(Yards and Philadelphia Brewing Company)instead of one.A terrible experience. We had seats in the main area at large communal tables  then we're forced in a small windowless room with at least 10 screaming infants, overly inquisitive toddlers and their parents cluttering the walkways with their strollers. BTW this brewery (alcohol production facility) attracts every yuppy and their brats from neighboring NoLibs. The beers are underwhelming for the modern pallette, the food is obviously sandbagged, and their service is overly controlling and minimal in a bad way.  Save yourself some time and money and take a 20 minute train to Tired Hands. Maybe if I wasn't shoved in the side room that could have just been my friends basement that was hosting a mommy and me session I'd have a more positive review.Visiting from California and I have to say, the beers aren't bad in the least! Will gladly come back!I was really looking forward to yards' revamped location on Spring Garden. However, I was quickly disappointed when  I saw that the space was no longer a tap room. It is now a restaurant with a substantial fifteen minute wait for draft orders. Now the eight bar tenders are mostly committed to filling orders at restaurant tables. I did not try the food so I can not comment.
Also not that the new space is not bigger. The restaurant is a bit smaller than the Delaware Ave tap room. I can not recommend this location.Excellent chicken sandwich. Excellent beer. I am a veteran with a ESA and they were friendly and accommodating.Yards is the best. 5$ pints, 7$ flights. 
Yards makes well balanced beers, their IPAs are one of the few US made 
IPAs that I can drink.  Very traditional, not over hopped like so many IPAS.
 Their Beers of the Revolution  are amazing.
I lucked out on a day when they made a German Dunkel, awesome. I wish
they would make more lagers and German styles, Tom Kehoe can do no wrong.
The man is a beer Genius.I just realized that I have yet to post a review of YBC.  To start,  my family has been coming here mostly for Sunday funday.   More recently,  however we have stepped up our game.  Yards has grown from a secret little place known only to a few,  to an almost full blown bar.   (There's even been rumors of a 2nd tasting room)
Yards has never disappointed me or friends that I have brought here.   They are so amazing that I actually proposed to my girlfriend here in front of a packed yards crowd.   (She said yes).  
Now to what people really want to know... how's the beer?  Well I can say that their beers are a wide array sure to please every palate.   Their pale ale truly lives up to their "what philly drinks" slogan.   Tavern spruce is absolutely a brew you never knew you were missing.   Honestly I could go on and on,  but you should come here for yourself maybe catch a glimpse of Tom Kehoe, and if not take a tour on Saturday and Sunday.Great food and beer! Bratwurst was great and we got good recommendations on what beers to pair our food. They also have a lot of limited run beers on tap. The chili was a bit watery but had good flavorI love this place. 
The guys behind the bar always know what they're talking about and are always willing to help make a suggestion or recommendation and usually throw in a few free beer samples if you're undecided on a beer. Pints are usually always $5, and you can't go wrong with that.
The brewery has a small kitchen menu, mainly a handful of sandwiches- but the local food trucks outside of the building is where it's at! They encourage you to bring the food truck grub straight into the brewery so you can enjoy your food with a great paired craft beer.
There are free tours on weekends (I think only on Saturdays running every hour).  
Parking can be a  bitch, there are times were we've had to park at Sugar House Casino and walk over, but it's only a quarter mile. 
Oh, and how could I forget the free billiards and shuffle board??Definitely enjoyed my time at Yards!! Took the tour while we were there.. Knowing my boyfriend is a beer enthusiast I've been dying to take this tour to try to learn & appreciate beer as much as he does.. Seeing the process & time invested into this craft makes me appreciate the culture a lot more.. Plus being able to sample some beer was a bonus! Yards Pynk by far is one of my fav beers & I just so happened to be lucky enough to have a nice glass of this perfection that day!! Will definitely be a returning customer!! If you're visiting Yards & haven't done so already I definitely recommend taking the tour!!The beer and atmosphere is awesome but the food--yikes. The chicken from the fried chicken sandwich was a weird grey color and the sesame seed buns had the nastiest aftertaste ever. The venison chili was pretty good though. Also--we requested to watch the Ohio state game and they said they never change the channels! Boo  but the place is huge, I love the beer and the look of the place. I would come again but I wouldn't order food or come to watch a game.3 stars for food, between 4 and 5 stars for atmosphere and drinks. In my mind, this averages out to a solid 4. 
Open setting with the old factory look going on. Exposed ceilings, wooden high top tables, long tables in the middle to make you feel like you're in a food hall. This place kind of reminds me if the Troegs Brewery in Hershey except the waiters come to you and you don't have to stalk people for their seats.
Even after a few months of being open this place still gets really crowded in the evenings. I went with my boyfriend's family around 12Noon on the Saturday that it was 8 degrees. There were a surprisingly decent amount of people here for that time, esp at a place that doesn't do brunch. And it was cold AF. I don't recall seeing any open tables when we left. 
Beers are ok priced, about 6 dollars and flights were 7. They had two themed flights and I'm not sure if you can mix and match them. I would have liked to concoct a flight of my own from their seasonal beers. 
The menu looked great but the food itself wasn't too impressive. The Reuben fritters were pretty neat, basically like a deep fried little sandwhich the size of a tater tot. I could never order the pork belly in my life again and be happy. Way too much fat and not enough meat. 
My biggest issue is with the smoked cheddar bratwurst. Why, oh why, would you ever slap a sausage between a LARGE roll. The bread to bratwurst ratio was was off. The sauerkraut was everywhere. Before I even took a bite the bread got too soggy to hold everything in and things got real messy, real quick. I would have liked some real cheddar cheese on it too. I'm waiting for the day that I can be impressed with a bratwurst sandwhich. Until then I'll keep being mildly disappointed but still eat the entire thing anyway.So closeby to where I live and absolutely always an amazing place to grab food and drink with great beers and free tours.I miss the old Yards... the ambiance, the food, the location, the people.  Totally different vibe at the new Yards.  I will not give the new location a bad review because of my love of the old location and the hope that it will possibly re-open as a satellite Yards :) ??????? (5 stars for the beer)  I am also hopeful that the foie gras fries (?) have been removed from the menu... foie gras should not be on any menu.3.5 stars.
$5 all beers, even the very high gravity ones. Don't go on the tour unless you're really interested in learning everything about beer.  It was a 45 minute tour with only 2 free samples.  They do have a menu but we went on a Saturday and they only had soup and chili. They directed us to the food truck outside and we did get to munch on some tasty poutine.  
Not too much seating, some larger communal tables and a huge bar to sit around.  Definitely a place to hang out with a big group, not so much for intimate conversations.  Good place to hang out on a Saturday afternoon!I love this place. They have a nice pool table, the place is huge. They do tours and are very friendly. MY favorite part of this place is the different beer flight options available. PRetty cool stuff. I never had the food. For the kids they have root beer. Im not a fan of root beer but it gives options and its a huge sized cup.This was my second time at their new location on Spring Garden Street. It's a major upgrade from their old location on North Delaware Ave. The facility is much bigger and they have a nice outdoor area to sit and play corn hole. Inside they have a big bar and a sitting area that looks like a beer garden. They have a game room with pool tables and televisions to watch the Phillies games or any other sports games that are on. The beer was tasty like usual and the guys there do a great job at pouring the beer! Unfortunately, I wasn't a huge fan of the Bavarian pretzel since the texture or skin of the pretzel seemed over cooked but didn't taste burnt. It was probably just me, it's something I wouldn't order again. The atmosphere and service was very good. I recommend visiting Yards Brewing Co. if you're ever in the area.Came here while I was visiting Philadelphia. A fun place to go if you're new to the area!
Right when I came, they were doing a tour of the facility. Pretty sure the guide was having a blast doin it a little tipsy. Tour lasted about 20 minutes, but we probably walked only about 20 feet total. 
After the tour, we got the classic flight and the ales of the revolution flight. In my opinion, the classics were all WAY better than the Ales of the Revolution. But still, both were only 5 bucks! What a deal!
We also ordered some chili and a buffalo chicken wrap, and both were better than we expected! The Buffalo chicken wrap was on spot and went well with the beer! 
I'd definitely come back here again if I lived in the area. They also have a pool table for the regulars!Love the new place. Great beers in a friendly atmosphere.  Menu is small but great for a brewery. After all it should be about the beerI enjoyed coming here for drinks after lunch with my boyfriend and his mom and brother. This place is very nice and spacious with a lot of natural lighting. We ordered all three flights (one of them wasn't on the menu but it was like an IPA flight or something like that). My favorite out of everything was definitely the Yards Philly Ale.
The service was great as well and I loved that they had a pool table for us to play with.Awesome tour.  Tour guide was personable and the tour itself was very informative.  Plus free samples!  Beer itself was average but worth going for the tour alone.  Bartenders were friendly and attentive.Wasn't completely thrilled with the new Yards Brewing Company. Not sure what the hype is about. We had an hour wait (75 minutes when all was said and done) but we didn't mind as there was room at the upstairs bar. The service there was good, but we were in the corner and felt confined. I've always and still do like Yards beer, but to me it's good to very good but I haven't purchased anything that I thought was fantastic. Since we were hungry we ordered a few apps before dinner. I got to try 3 items. The fried potatoes were very good and the cheese on top was really tasty. The pickled vegetables (house made pickles) were too vinegary and I really couldn't eat that many of them. The pretzel was good, not great. For dinner we were seated downstairs in one of the side rooms. It was very loud and reminded me of a cafeteria. The waiter was fine and attentive. For dinner I had the fish and chips. The fish and mushy peas were good, but the chip were the same cut potatoes that we had for the app except without the cheese which made them so good before. Overall it was the atmosphere that dropped it down to 3 stars.Just hosted a rehearsal dinner at Yards for 65 people. Wonderful experience. Zach was great to work with. Excellent venue for a casual large gathering of bride/groom families who had never met. Easy transition from socializing to eating, back to socializing. I did not actually take tour after dinner, but some of the guests did, but I assume it was good!  Highly recommend for medium sized event!
Yards also recommended a caterer, Mike, at Diverse Catering, which I would also highly recommend.  He was very good to work with, and food was awesome!  Mike has a friend, Rick, who may be able to help with centerpieces if needed.  He did some fabulous floral pieces in beer bottles!  Wish those guys lived in my home town-I'd entertain a lot more!I was EXTREMELY disappointed by my experience at Yard's. I was with a large group at a table, and we waited a very long time to be served our first round. Over an hour later, we could not get anyone's attention to order a second round. Some people from our table got up and went to the bar in hope's that they would have better luck there. However, the bartenders refused to serve us there since we had a table. As a result, a majority of our table only had one drink in the two and a half hours we were there. I think three people out of our 15+ person group were able to somehow get a second drink. To make matters worse, when our waitress finally returned she informed us that our table had been "cut off" and handed us a check. Over 80% of our bill was food...not alcohol...because the service made it impossible to even order more. We were all baffled. This was a cheap way for them to clear a table so they could get more customers in the door. I live only a few blocks away from the brewery. A lot of people have been asking if we've been there and what we think. I will not be recommending it to anyone. This last trip left a very sour taste in my mouth.The tour was a little limp but the beer and the bar area were both fabulous. Also, the food at this place should not be skipped. It might look simple but its delicious. So delicious that I straight up yelled and my drunk and starving fiance for eating too much of my grilled cheese.... but really dude, get your own and stop eating mine - its delicious.My experience here was awful. I will never go back and would not recommend this place to friends of family. Went with a large party and the server wouldn't split the bill up. They ran out of almost everything on the menu and was forced to get the crab cake. The crab cake was inedible and the roll it was served on tasted and looked like it was bought from a grocery store, which is highly likely because they ran out of almost everything on the menu. $16 for mush and a store bought potato roll is ridiculous. The wings my husband ordered were soggy and inedible as well! The potato's came with an aoli sauce and it was basically mayo, absolutely no taste to it. We ended up eating none of the food They even ran out of Sparkling water.  $60 spent. What a waste of money and time! I will not be coming back.This is truly an amazing brewery on the outskirts of Philly.  They're moving within the next few months, and will once again remain guess where?  Yup, in the outskirts of Philly.  It's definitely a must to check out when visiting Philly.  They provide tours of the brewery about every 30 minutes and the tour guides are really funny and informative.  It's fun to see what goes on behind the scenes.  The beer is really good and there's an abundant variety.  The environment is trendy and hip.  Try to get there early since the parking lot fills up fast and the street parking will get you angry.  I'd give it 5 stars but have to stick to 4 because they don't serve food over the weekend since they are really busy and cannot keep up with the orders.  They do have a truck food vendor outside which alternates every weekend with different food but it would be nice if they at least had a very limited menu inside so you don't need to go outside (especially in the winter months).  Even if it were just fries or chips or even pretzels, just something to nibble on with beer.  Also, the guided tours are amazing but in the end, you're stuck in a freezer -- no, not a very cold room, but yes, an actual freezer.  It'd be cool if they provided some Yards Brewing Company warm clothing to temporarily wear.  Amazing place!I moved here from out of state and have been in Philly for 6 months now. I fell in love with this beer and drank their brews often. Until recently I had a run-in with one of their bartenders who was rude and arrogant. When I wrote the company about how a dedicated customer was poorly treated by one of their people, I never received a response.
So long Yards. It was fun while it lasted.We had the best tour guide.  I definitely recommend taking the tour.  We came here after trying the colonial sampler at City Tavern.  So glad we did.  They have very low priced flights of beer so you can decide what you like.  The staff is enthusiastic and knowledgeable.  I am not a big beer drinker but my husband says everything was awesome and the growler was his favorite.  I tried their rootbeer and it was great.Great place!  Friendly staff and high quality beer. The Belgian Thomas Jefferson is outstanding. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys great beer and smiling faces. Check it out on a Saturday when they bring in food trucks fore some delicious grub to go with your beer.This is always one of my first stops when in Philly. Everyone there is so friendly. The beer is good and so is the foodThe home for Yards' beer.  This is a large space with big tables and open room.  The bar has seating for 28 +/- people.
Beer - (this is the reason why you are here) of course they have all of Yards' regular and seasonal beers. There is always a cask beer, during my visit it was their IPA.  There are limited releases and "brewery only" beers.  Beers are served in 4 oz, regular (10oz or 16 oz determine by the style of beer) and growlers.  Flights are available, they have standard flight selections or make your own.
Food - they have a small menu but better then average bar food.  Sandwiches, soup, cheese plates and small plate options.  I had their bison chili and was very pleased.
Swag - they have tons of swag. T-shirts out the wazoo, hats, stickers and stuff for your dog.Not being a beer drinker, the bartender was very helpful assisting me to pick out the perfect beer, pouring me many samples.  Nice neighborhood and locals are friendly.   Had the barbecue pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich, which was yummy!Had an awesome visit on Saturday. I went with a few friends around 1:30pm and we immediately got on a tour that was getting ready to leave. Because our tour group had about 8 of us, though enough samples for 40, we have some lovely libations as we learned about how Yards brews its brews. The tour guide was pretty good -- relatively knowledgeable, cute despite his Bieber haircut, and intent on telling us all about the packaging process, which is his usual job and which I found surprisingly interesting.
After the tour, we hung out in the bar area and there were a ton of open tables at that time. By 3ish though, the place was packed and standing-room only. I imagine that's when there was the wait for tours that was mentioned in some other reviews. We got a few flights of beers -- each flight is 4 4oz sips for $5 -- great deal. I also had a grilled cheese, which was also $5 and pretty good. Their bread comes from a bakery that takes their leftover yeast (or was it hops or wheat?) and trades them bread for it -- nice barter economy. 
Would love to go back again for a tour of just to hang in their bar.Go for the beer, not the food. We went with group of 8 including kids. The beer selection was very good and we enjoyed sampling many varieties. The food was just OK. We tried the patty melt, reuben fritters, spicy nuts, wings, mussels, fried potatoes, and the hot pretzel. Everything was just average but the Wings were the Worst I've ever had in my life. They looked gross and tasted even worse. They were so bad we complained to the waiter and he took them off our bill.Really awesome tour. got a tour from mike and he was really funny and informative. the bar atmosphere was cool and the drink prices were not that bad. does get very crowded thoughWent to new location open only two days.
To preface this I did like the original location a lot.
Arrived by Uber and went to go in. There is a wait to get in. Well no trouble, they kept us outside on the sidewalk IN THE RAIN!
NO SHELTER from the pouring rain. You have to be kidding me. Just to buy a beer?
So 20 minutes of standing outside on a curb, in the rain getting soaked and they know it because they are standing INSIDE LOOKING THROUGH THE GLASS AT YOU. Great!
So once you are nice and soaking wet we will let you in to be OUR CUSTOMERS AND PAY US MONEY!? If I was a manger, or worse yet an owner at Yards, I would be mad as hell MY CUSTOMERS HAVE TO STAND IN THE RAIN WAITING FOR ANY REASON. Welcome to 2017, nobody cares about the personalized service, or common decency to their customers anymore.
So went inside and to describe the location would be to say this is the New Yards Warehouse. Gone is the charm and coolness of the original, hello to the corporate logos and the cookie cutter type workers that you can go anywhere to get. 
The bar is undersized, AGAIN! I understand the original location had a limited size bar, but you have the chance to build a brand new one, with good potential and you didn't.
I have to give some props here though. The bartenders, (about 8 of them) were fast and courteous, and were good with helping more than just the first layer of people at the bar.
Even the floor servers were excellent. Asking if they could refill drinks and food. So yes, the servers were excellent. The managers walking around and delegating orders were off the mark, you can't leave people in the rain and expect any praise or patronage.
I am usually an easy person to please but there is something about being soaked walking around a warehouse that left me thinking about what else was close to go to.
You got the second star because of your servers were very good.
Beer, outstanding as usual.Really awesome bar/brewery!  Delicious beer.  Pale ale's my citrusy delicious favorite.  Their vegetarian chili is also awesome if you're there and a bit hungry!Peggy!!! Service is always a major part of a company. This woman and all the crew are great. 
The brew?! I've been to many breweries, and this one of my favorites. The beer tastes of passion. Yes, when one pours their heart and soul in it, you'll know the difference. I had 7 different kinds and each one was phenomenal. 
The merchandise was attractive and priced well. I purchased two shirts and will wear them often in California. 
The only sad and tragic thing!!! I won't be able to have any YARDS over in California!! If I could somehow support them in any way to venture toward this side of the US I would. I sound like I'm pimping them out, but honestly, it's just really great beer! 
Good luck and cheers!!!Realizing that this was the opening weekend, I am allowing some grace here. Service was very good, however that's where exceptionally good ended. Patty melt was overcooked and bread/toast was soggy. Wings had seasoning glopped on like from a spoon instead of glazed on. Salads were good, not great and did I say service was very good. All in I thought the prices were all too high for a very average meal. Beers are always good here, but didn't get a full fill on two rounds. I would not go back with so many other great choices in the area.We had good beer but the bavarian pretzel was like leather. The waitress took it off our bill but it turned us off from ordering any other food.Is it possible that I have yet to write a review for Yards?  Wow... evidence of what that tasty beer can do to you ;-)
Great place to spend an afternoon on a rainy or especially hot summer day - you get a free sample at the door and can meander over to the bar to order flights (there are two different flights - yes, you should get both!), pints, or growlers.  Can't beat the $5 pints, and the snacks are pretty good, too.  Don't get drunk - have a snack!
The tours are free.  The people are friendly.  There's shuffleboard!  
Go. Drink beer.If you're looking to have an event here and photography is important to you here's my perspective on what makes this place good and bad.  Yards a small venue with a laid back attitude.  The wedding I photographed had about 60 people and it was pretty tight.  Seems like they could handle maybe 100 guests for a seated dinner.  You'll want to call them up and ask as I'm not 100% on that number.  Don't mistake laid back with unprofessional though.  The Yards team had things totally organized.  I've been to places that are very militant and try to control every aspect of the evening.  These guys were flexible and accommodating.  The beers are great (obviously) and the food was killer.  I've photographed over 350 weddings at this point and I've had some bad food so when I come across a wedding hosted by foodies I get super excited.  After dinner was over one of the long tables was removed to make room for the dance floor.  It worked perfectly.  People who wanted/needed to sit, still could either at the other tables or the bar.  
The ceiling is dark and high which can be problematic from a photography standpoint (it's not as easy to bounce light off a black ceiling as a white ceiling) but any seasoned photographer has got some tricks up their sleeve to make due.
When it comes to locations there unfortunately just aren't that many inside.  Outside is a little better as it has kind of a cool urban feel to it.  We decided to do formals at other locations around Center City which worked out well.This was my first brewery tour ever. I don't know what to expect but I had a great time! 
Our tour guide was fantastic and explained things very well and let people ask a lot of questions. I loved hearing about how crazypants they are in striving to be a green brewery - totally crazy but wonderfully adorable (e.g. having an organization carry used barley on a bicycle to a large composting station - or something crazy like that). 
We got to try the Love Stout while we walked around on the tour. Afterwards, we hung out in the bar, ordered different flights of beer, some food, and had  a great time.
They have a spacious bar area, a shuffleboard table, all their beers on tap, and food on the menu. Plus, you can walk there from Northern Liberties.This place gets seriously packed on a Saturday!! Beers were good like always and even though we had to stand in line to grab an order for the beers, the line moved pretty quickly. We were lucky to find a spot at a long table and were able to drink our beers comfortably. Too bad the food truck had run out of most of their offerings by mid afternoon and we had to settle on tortilla chips and jarred salsa to munch on. Pretty nice brewery overall.What's not to love about the Yards Brewery? Go on a free and interesting tour and sip on complimentary beer samples, and then perhaps get a drink or two or three afterwards, hopefully with a group of good friends. There is a welcoming atmosphere here, and all of the affordable Yards brews you could ever imagine. I couldn't find one thing to complain about if I tried.A local brewery that makes several Revolutionary beers using recipes of the Founding Fathers. You can try them at City Tavern or try their whole selection here. I'm a fan of Poor Richards Tavern Spruce but the others are good too. You can have a pint or try a flight. Stopped for lunch and had the pretzel as an appetizer. The horseradish honey butter was so interesting and different in a good way. I had the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe. It was huge and very good. I couldn't eat it all. The sweet potato fries were amazing and I highly recommend them. Come for the beer and stay for the food. Good service too.I was impressed with the new Yards, big spacious place with game room on second floor, perfect to bring you kids...has an outside beer garden...the con is parking is a pain and can get crowded that forms an outside line...otherwise great spot!!!Great place to spend some time and eat. Has billiards and shuffleboard. The food is good and the prices aren't bad. New location is very nice inside. Give it a try.Great tasting room, it feels inviting and open and the best part is that they genuinely want you to enjoy yourself, no one there is pushing merchandise or tours down your throat.While Yards doesn't necessarily make my go-to beer, I do have to say that they've got a great operation going on. They have an excellent brewery and taproom, great distribution and tap representation in the Philadelphia area, and really get themselves out there socially and charitably in the community. 
I've been to the brewery and taproom a handful of times now and am pretty impressed. The taproom has a very spacious bar with tables available as well. The taproom could be a destination in itself. They have a wide selection of their own beers, which I would have to assume would be the best selection out there. I had the pleasure to have the Philly Pale Ale on cask yesterday, which had a hint of grapefruit. Did they take their own beer up a notch or what? I believe they serve food during the week and have food trucks come by on the weekends. I haven't done the tour in ages but you are going to learn a lot. It's neat stuff. 
Yards represents itself really well. Founder Tom Kehoe is always involved with events in the Philadelphia beer scene. I've seen him out and about before, and think that it's really cool how involved he is and how he isn't just a figurehead. Yards has various charitable initiatives, and does some pretty cool stuff socially. They have a running club that meets once a month and then drinks afterwards. What more motivation do you need? They recently started a ladies drinking group called Lady Birds Beer Club which also meets on a monthly basis. They make it really easy to want to go there and drink their beer. 
Philly is a pretty big beer city, and if you are looking to do one brewery excursion or pick a favorite brewery to hang out at, Yards would be it.Great beers, great staff, and a laid back atmosphere.  Plus, they close early so it's impossible to let the time slip away and stay too late!  :)Great place, great beer, great tour, GREATER tour guide! "Gently cascading" Mike was incredible, and made things really fun and light.  We came with a group of 8, and loved the whole thing. We can't wait to come back with even more people!Let me just start by saying that all of Yard's brews are great! I'm glad to support a local brewery!
My husband and I had our surprise wedding here on April 1st, 2014.  Our planning began just about 2 months beforehand and Yard's was more than willing to help. 
The space is a steal, and their event director is a gem. Zack answered my emails promptly, met us at the brewery several times to talk about seating and different aspects of our night. He suggested caterers and even kept our secret from all of our guests! 
Yard's made our wedding night the best! They had a private brewery tour for our 50 guests and made sure that the beer was flowing freely!
Some pros about renting this space for your party:
-Cost
-Local craft beer
-You can bring in whatever food you want (caterer or otherwise)
-knowledgeable, helpful staff (the night of the wedding the offices were open for my husband and I to 'hide' from our guests) and we had two staff members dedicated JUST to us
-small and intimate, you can mingle, have a small dance party!
-did I mention BEER that is made FIFTEEN feet from where you're cutting a rug?
In all, visit Yard's, check them out for your next event.Good beer. Awesome patio/park. Nothing beats drinking on a busy intersection and laughing at the pathetic cars rushing to their destination.
Plus, bottle cap openers on every fence post! Yes!Can't believe I lived here for five years and never came to Yards! It was a great Sunday afternoon spent drinking their delicious beers and taking the brewery tour. They have a full service bar and the tour itself is free. We had the seasonal flight today which was so good, highly recommend pynk and saison! Love the staff here and will definitely be back. 
The only thing I wish they had would be an outdoor area with games or even just picnic tables. This place fills up quickly and they only have one game table which was in use the whole time.This place Is amazing.  Went to Philly for a day and this was the closest brewery where I was staying so I decided to give it a try.   Super friendly staff, the two girls behind the bar were very helpful, they even gave us recommendations for other local bars to visit.  Had a couple apps and they were really good.   I will definitely will go back next time I go visit.The burger was excellent juicy tasty with bacon perfect burger me and my girlfriend enjoyed it
Many food items to choose from great food great drinks great placeCheck in on YELP and get a free pint! Yum! 
Wonderful tour guide, knowledgeable, humorous. Great sales man he makes you want to go out and order the bison sausage with bison chili that ate the beer refuse, on bread from a local bakery that uses the beer refuse.I really wanted to love the new Yards location but the disappointing food was hard to get past. The wings were a major disappointment and the pretzel was not warmed and rather small. I ordered the Miso Ramen and it was average at best. The location is large and it's a fun spot to meet friends for a beer but I'm not sure I would ever go back for dinner.Be prepared! They ID everyone who enters the building. We stopped in for a drink with friends before heading home on a Sunday and were impressed with the atmosphere, beer, and service... even if it did take them a little bit of time to put what we requested on TV, they eventually did! Everyone in our party enjoyed our beers & I'd like to come back to try the food.People will fight you for chairs! Lol
We went on Saturday and man oh man does this place get crowded! Locals are very loyal to this brewery But don't worry! A Huge bar with tons of tables and chairs. No food :/ 
jk, food truck outside! 
GUIDED TOURS EVERY 30 MIN (I think)
I totally forgot about the samples but Josh G. reminded me! SAMPLES AS YOU WALK IN! COME ON. That's brotherly love right there!
Philadelphia Pale ale and Brawler were decent but the real star is their seasonals! 
1. Pynk: Wow! This was SO GOOD. Not really a gose or typical sour level, but a nice sweet slightly tart sour. Deliciously hopped with real cherries & raspberries brewed in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Sale Portions are donated :)
2. Golden Hop: not bad, but IPAs aren't their strong suit. IPAs from PA have a very stringent taste too (E.g. Victory Brewing)
3. Trubbel de Yards: Hats off to their originality. Combining a Tripel and a dubbel, Yards invented..Trubbel! Spicy and malty. Pretty good! Could be a thing one day
Really delicious beer, good vibes and even guided tours! Keep it up Yards, can't wait to come back! Btw food truck outside is called Say Cheese!We went on a Saturday Night during march madness so the brewery was packed when we arrived. It only took 10 min to get a table. Somehow our server never noticed us so we had to flag someone down. The rest of the staff was so friendly and attentive. Go for the beer flights! They even have a hoppy flight that isn't listed on the menu.Great place and great bartenders. The outdoor area is well done, under the outside tanks and fenced off from the street. You can watch the production line through windows in the back. The tables and bars are as nice as other reviews said. There are too many beers to choose from, so it's good you can taste in advance or try a flight. There are a few nitro options too. We didn't eat, but the food coming out looked generous and good.Yards Brewings' focus is on giving the customer a complete experience with great views of the brewery and operations and lots of space for gathering, pre/post tour and just anytime. There are activities in the shared space (shuffleboard and pool) and they have added seating space over the years outside of the bar area.
Quality of everything is good, have all beers on draft as well as whatever seasonals are current. Service is good and food is limited, simple but very well done.
Service is limited as it is mostly self serve and self order at the bar, but the bartenders and other staff are very helpful.
Selection of food and beer is good. Obviously all the yards standards plus seasonals. basic food, sandwiches, etc.
Menu for food was small and basic but everything we have had the many times we have been here was very good; nice sandwiches, great bread from spent grains and nice mix of locally based eats.
Value of the beer is very reasonable compared to other breweries and nearby bottle shops;  food prices are reasonableI was really impressed with my first visit today for lunch.  The Reuben fritters are absolutely fantastic. We ended up getting a second order of them.  The pork belly kabobs were excellent as well.  I went rogue and got the liverwurst sandwich for my entree and it was delicious.  I've never had liverwurst before but everything was so awesome up to that I figured it had to be good.  My buddy had the best sandwich and he loved it.  The potato salad is vinegar based not mayo so not my cup of tea. Breweries this size often offer beers from other brewers which would have put this place at five stars for me. I had already had almost 95 percent of there draft offerings so it would have been nice to get something special for visiting the actual brewery. That said, make a point to visit. It's a beer lovers destination.So happy I finally got over here. We had such a wonderful experience. It was just a big fun room of community tables of people being all "ooo! which did you get?! ooo I can has?" and yes you can...for cheap too...awesome. Was able to take home a mixed case that was way less than a distributor and the bartenders were so quick and nice. Didn't realize how many other great brews they had. The second you walk in you are offered a beer from the host. Nice touch friends.Ughh... I've been agonizing over how I feel about Yards Brewing Company.  Here's my breakdown:
Pros: * Its a local business that has gained some popularity nationwide
         * Great feeling to support a local business
         * It has a parking lot
         * The tour is free
         * They serve food in the tasting room and the food ain't too shabby
Cons:  * I'm not the hugest fan of Yards beer in general.
          * The tour wasn't very informative- the guide seems like a wannabe comedian, which is fine, but I didn't come to hear a joke every 2 seconds.
          * The tour gives you limited samples- only two tiny cups, one of which I did not like (I don't drink IPAs, nothing against Yards, I just dont like that style of beer)
          * The tasting room gets really crowded- who wants to hang out after the tour if there is no where to sit?
           * The beer menu is hard to read-- in reading reviews, I see there was a $5 flight?  I totally didn't see that listed anywhere near the bar.  Oh well
Compared to some of the other breweries I've visited, I didn't feel like Yards was focusing so much on giving people tours and a chance to sample their beer.  They are more about creating a bar for people to hang out and purchase snacks and pints of their beer.  Which is a cool concept, don't get me wrong, but just wasn't what I was looking for in a brewery visit.We were walking on Sunday, September 11th from the Spring Garden El Stop to the Sugarhouse, when we came upon Yards at about 5:30PM.  Tours were finished for the day; however, we took a respite from the heat of the outdoors and had some drinks. 
It is a nice open room, that is very busy on a weekend afternoon.  They do not have an open kitchen on this day; however, did have a food truck outside and it looks like they have a rotating food truck schedule.   
The beer was good, the rootbeer was also very good.   The place was a great break on our walk.   
Although I do wonder why they have a kitchen that operates Monday - Friday; however, not on Saturday and Sunday.  It seems a bit odd to me to be quite honest, that they would not have there kitchen open on two of the busiest days of the week.The Yards brewery provides a free, educational beer drinking experience. I throughly enjoyed myself despite being the designated driver of the day. 
We arrived at 2:15 for the 3:00 tour on Sunday. My friends and I (2 beer drinking college boys) made of a tour of 15. The tour guide, his name was forgotten, was extremely friendly with a great sense of humor. The tour isn't too beer making information heavy. If you are a brewing phonetic you might not be as thrilled with this tour. But, if you like interesting historical and current Yards information then this is the tour for you. I can easily say most people on the tour consumed about 1-2 beers of free samples on the tour. So, it was a grand old time by all!
The guys had a flight after the tour. They are a decent price. All the beers and even cases are cheaper than you would expect at a typical bar. We shared fries from the food truck outside. It was the cherry on top of a pretty perfect day.
There is plenty of parking for the brewery so you won't have a problem driving. But, the alcohol runs strong at yards with them giving it away on tour. So bring a DD or get a taxi!The new Yards Brewing is a drastic upgrade over the previous space. There is so much room but it does get quite noisy at times. They have their mainstay beers on tap as well as a heavy list of seasonal beers which are great. There is also a huge selection of bottles that you can purchase to-go. 
The food unfortunately falls short. The menu tries to be varied in its course but I found everything we ordered to be quite lackluster. We started off with the wings and mussels, the former which wasn't as crunchy as I would have preferred. The long hot sauce was interesting though; reminded me of jalapeño chips. The mussels were surprisingly the best dish of the night. The broth had some depth to it but was maybe slightly over salted. The bread a nice addition, well toasted with good texture. 
The chicken sandwich and the patty melt, on the other hand, fell way below expectation. The patty melt was essentially a burger with a slice of cheese. Anyone who has had a real patty melt knows that a proper patty melt is grilled cheese with a patty in the middle. In the case here, there was only one slice of cheese and it wasn't even melted. The bread itself wasn't even buttered! The chicken thigh sandwich was a letdown as well. The chicken was borderline soggy and the poppyseed bun was trying to be too fancy with what should be a relatively simple sandwich. 
Beer good, food average.New location on Spring Garden...
The space:
I believe the decor is sort of expected and nothing very unique jumps out. Metal and wood, picnic tables and some high tables peppered around a central bar. Window views of operations. Skylights provide natural light. Another expected artifact is a very noisey space, as zero thought went into acoustics, so expect flashbacks of your old school cafeteria. 
Also, here's a real kicker for those of you who might need to work while eating/drinking, you will be cracking open your laptop at the bar, as the staff will not seat a table of one, nor have they had the forethought to accommodate those of us who need a space and a little free wifi to spend our hard-earned money contributing to the establishment's profits. Be sure to bring your personal hotspot and count on no elbow room, folks. 
The menu:
Fancy names for dishes make the pub grub menu silly. The minestrone was passable, but a bit oily. Burger was "horrible" according to our colleague, pulled pork sandwich was confirmed to be a sandwich, crabcake sandwich also described as "meh", poutine lacked a decent serving of curds, the potatoes should be fries, not chunks, and the gravy had the consistency of caulk. A whole new menu and a second chance for the chef may be in order, as they just opened. 
The beer:
Always good. Been a fan for years. Great selections.Finally had a chance to go here after saying for a long time I needed to visit this place! I always love Yards for their beer, so I wanted to check out the brewery. The place is a huge with a lot of tables to chill at and a long bar at the back of the building. My girlfriend and I were greeted by a friendly bartender who was very informative on the beer and willing to answer any questions. They have a great selection of beers from the flagship to seasonal brews.
I had a chance to try the Tavern Porter and Ale from the Revolution Ale styles. Both were great beers, especially the Porter. We also decided to get some lunch, and that is awesome due to not many breweries having food. The turkey wrap was delicious with a fresh salad on the side. The food is also pretty cheap there, so you won't have to spend much on a decent meal. The only issue is that it was a bit warm in there, and it felt like there was no a/c on. Still, it is an awesome brewery, and I want to return for a tour one day.The food is fine. The staff seems kind, yet overworked. They hosted an all white contingent of extremely racist and rude police officers yesterday afternoon. I was seated at the bar, and after being rudely asked to move to accommodate a few of the officers (by one of the officers), one of the officers looked over at the Black Lives Matter article I was reading on my phone, scoffed, and said to his friends "Jesus, let's go grab a table somewhere else." Hosting bigots is a bad look, YardsThis is a very fun brewery to tour. We were able to drink some samples while the guide keep the group laughing the entire tour. Brewery tours are mostly the same regardless of the brewery but the great staff really made this one memorable. The flight after the tour was also very good, and the taproom has a cool setup. You should definitely stop by if you're in the Philly area. Cheers youz guyz