Just had lunch here. Delicious yiro. Next time I'm trying the spicy sauce. Will recommend to my clients. Family owned and operated. 
Thank you!I've been there a few times now, their food and service is one of the best, and it was extremely fast. One side item I wanted wasn't on the menu, and the guy that serviced me was so nice to call another store and order it for me. All I had to do was walk a few stores down to pick it up, now that's what you call exemplary service!! I highly recommend this place!Best gyro in town! I got the beef gyro with spicy tzatziki sauce. It was delicious! The atmosphere is also really modern and staff are friendly. Highly recommend!Great, cheap Greek food in Roxborough! Come on people! 
Nice seating in the back. Lots of options and big portions.
We'll be back.I've eaten from Yiro Yiro at least 5 times and have been incredibly impressed with every experience at this establishment. Whether dine-in or delivery, the quality has been consistently delicious each time. At this point, I've tried nearly everything on the menu and not a single disappointment. It's my go-to for a quick dinner. Highly recommended.My fiancé and I moved to roxborough about a month ago, and I just picked up my third order from Yiro Yiro. Every single time the food has been outstanding. The staff is always so friendly and the service is so fast. I usually order for take out when I arrive at the store and I'm never waiting for more than 10 minutes. I admit I am new to Greek food, but this is definitely an excellent place to start!Ordered thru Uber eats, and the food is great, generous portions, and very well presented.Had the pork gyro with all the filings ( including French fries) and tzaziki sauce.  Better than the gyros in Greece!!  Can't wait to  come eat again.The food is very fresh and flavorful, the staff are very nice, but perhaps most telling of all, their bathrooms are very clean. Highly recommend as an alternative to not just fast food, but other low cost restaurants.Great new addition to the food scene up on the Ridge.  This place is brand spanking new (it opened one week ago). The decor is simple and modern, very clean and new inside. The menu is small and right to the point. Gyros, salads, skewers and falafel basically. They have spindles of meat spinning behind the counter that make your mouth water. I ordered the Gyro w/ Chicken and Tzataiki sauce. Yummmmmmmmmm!!!!  The chicken was juicy and tender and the tomatoes and onions that accompanied it were very fresh. This gyro was the best I've had hands down.  I will definitely be back for more samplings off the menu. This place is perfect for lunch break. Go here. Eat.Great food, nice staff. I order take out from them all the time and we've often stopped in to eat since it's a walking distance from our home. I highly recommend their food, I have yet to have anything here that wasn't delicious. We need more places like this on Ridge.*drool*
BEST fries in Roxborough, hands down. The meat is fresh and well cooked, the portions are very decent for the price, and they're super flexible about custom orders! I ask for no pita, no cheese, etc, and they make notes on the order for the prep cook. Super friendly staff, great place to sit down and eat, and their delivery is always on time.Stopped by on a weekend with my wife and 2 year old son. Great authentic gyros, fresh salads and friendly staff! Will definitely return next time I'm in the neighborhood.I was excited for this place to open and they haven't disappointed. I've eaten here 5 times since they opened a few weeks ago and everything has been delicious. The pork on the spit is definitely my favorite. Reminds me of the Gyros/döners you get in Europe. Only slight knock is the size consistency of the Gyros but they're always good! And the spicy feta sauce is a must try.OMG YES!! Five Stars all the way for this quick service, authentic, delicious gem!! Modern, open kitchen with seating in both front and back of the store. The falafel is so flavorful without any sauce! Dolmades for a side? Hell to the YEA! And SPICY tazitki? You had me at hello! I will most definitely be back!!!We got the zucchini sticks, grape leaves and falafels. Everything was delish and ready super quick. The staff was friendly. The zucchini sticks were crisp w a nice texture inside. They came with a yogurt dipping sauce that was thick and rich. The grape leaves were $5 and we got a ton of them. Like 8-10 which is unheard of. My son had the falafel and he said it was one of the best he's had. They have Greek music playing which I enjoyed. The decor is bright, clean and colorful. 
We didn't have any but I appreciated the unusual soda flavors: strawberry, grape and pineapple.The food here is top notch.  I love and adore all the salads, the dolmades, the chicken skewers, the fried zucchini, the pita bread, the humus, the spinach pie and most of all the tzazeki sauce is the best ever. The gyros and other kabobs are good too. The food is very, very fresh and just awesome. Love! We always get take out.A local family held gem that serves the same Greek diner food you didn't even know you were looking for. The prices are right, the servers are quirky and swift, and you always feel like a regular even when you only come twice are week.The first time I got Yiro Yiro, I ordered the villager salad with pork skewers. They put this giant slice of Feta on top which had me convinced that the cook had to be in love we me. Despite acute onset feta cheese coma, I walked with a pep in my step the rest of the day. It was only days later when I saw one of my employees ordered the same thing, and it again came with the mammoth cheese block, that I realized they must do that for everyone. Hm.
So they've been open for a few months now and I lost count of how much of their food I've eaten. They use super fresh ingredients, I LOVE the pork skewer ( I usually get the platter with dolmades and mini villager salad and tzatziki), but would highly recommend trying all the various meats and the falafel too. 
The kitchen is super clean, the decor is vibrant, and the staff is always so friendly. I am consistently pleased with the fresh, delicious Greek food they deliver, and will happily continue to give them my money on a weekly to bi-weekly basis.I grew up in the Greek community.  I'll go to Yiro Yiro for their awesome spicy hummus trio, but don't care for their gyro's.  I find the meat to rubbery.  The Greek fries are also good, as long as you eat them while their hot.Good food, even better people who make it! I enjoyed speaking to the family that runs the place (I think). Very kind and great service. The food is good too, I enjoyed my gyro, and the lukamodes are bomb, make sure to get them with all the toppings. Would recommendChecked out the new place for lunch.  Daughter and I both had the beef and lamb gyro.  Good flavor for the beef although a touch dry.  Tomato and onion toppings were fresh, tzatziki  sauce was not plentiful, could have used a bit more.  
French fries were plentiful and very crispy.  Pro tip:  Share one order for two people.
We had Mexican Cokes to drink.  Also had Mexican sprite, and a few flavors of mexican fanta.  (There was a regular foundtain - I didn't even bother to look at it.)
I'll be back!Yiros to order, love it.  
New spot in Roxborough serving great Greek fare at a reasonable price.  They provide quick service, a quality product and their delivery is really well run and very quick.  Have ordered from here multiple times now both on delivery and dine in.  You can choose from beef, pork, chicken or falafel as a yiro (gyro) sandwich, or choose from skewers both as is or served with salad or rice.  
The pita is excellent, fresh and well made and a perfect compliment to the yiro meat.  All of the meats are hand sliced fresh from their cooking spits, very authentic, it reminds me of the Schwarma places i went to in Israel.  I prefer the beef and pork, get it with the onions and tomato toppings and your choice of sauces.  The fresko, tzatziki, spicy tzatziki and spicy feta dips are all amazing paired with the sandwiches.  Their fries are hand cut and always hot and fresh, not as much with delivery but that is reasonable and to be expected when ordering for delivery, if you order them greek style it comes with feta and seasoning on top, really tasty.  
They are running quite well for a newer spot and hope they sustain their style of operations and can continue to function and provide the same great food and service.  Hoping to see expansion for this group and excited.  Great option for a quick and very reasonably priced dinner.What would we do without Yiro Yiro? This is my absolutely favorite for take out. We've had almost everything on the menu and it's all good. You aren't going to find fresher, relatively healthy, more delicious food for the price. Game changer for my family.I tried to the gyro (yiro) place near my home  in Roxborough and I thought it was yummy. I did take out and it wasn't as toasty as I wanted it to be so I nuked it in the microwave and viola it was warm and tasty. The pita was warm and fluffy. I tried the beef and lamb (the traditional ) but I would definitely go back and try either the pork or chicken. The cashier was friendly and helped me navigate through the menu and advised me to try French fries inside the yiro. It was tasty but next time I'll skip the fries. Overall, it was good and I like that it's a new taste and variety for the neighborhood.I cant even pronounce half the shit I ate there but it was great , the spicy tzik...whatever it is was friggin AWESOME can't wait to go back again, sucks they are like a block from my house .  
Now I have no excuseThis was the best authentic Greek food I have had here in the US. I had the pork YIro, a little to salty for me but was very excellent. The place is clean and the people are friendly.This place is pretty good. They always deliver fast. I love the side salad that comes with the platters and the meat is flavorful. Also like the soft pita they serve. I'm not a fan of the dolmades. It has a  prepackaged taste to me. Not a fan of the falafel either. Will continue to order from here.Surprised how fresh and tasty my food was, given that this is basically fast food.  Tried pretty much every vegetarian thing: falafel, grape leaves, kale salad.  Will be back!Really fresh and healthy! The atmosphere is clean and modern inside, with sitting. Staff is professional and friendly. I could eat here everyday, it's that good!Was waiting for this place to open up for a long time and I finally got a gyro. Beef and Lamb with spicy tzatziki sauce and it was amazing! The pita bread was warm and soft, the meat was savory, the tomato, onion, and sauce combination was perfect. I'm definitely coming back for more. I'm also excited to check out the dolmades, zucchini fries, and other sides. They even have Coke in a glass bottle! There is only minimal seating so it's more of a take-out place or a casual lunch place than a hang out spot but the interior is very lively and bright. They even play Greek pop music!Best gyro I can remember! This is our go to Greek place in Philly from now on. Keep it up!Solid greek food.  Happy to have found this place, as it's pretty much the only option around me for decent greek.  Had the chicken skewers, which were good.  Tatziki was a bit thick, but the fries were excellent.Excellent new place near the heart of Philadelphia!!! If your in the mood for Greek cuisine your in the best place. Friendly atmosphere & very cleanI've gotten lunch delivery/takeout from here about a dozen times, I can't get enough. They have a variety of great gyros and platters, I've probably tried everything at least once. I recommend the pork yiro platter, the dulmas, zucchini fries. The restaurant is modern and clean, and the friendly staff remembers me when I come in frequently.Love this place.  The main reason I am such a fan is the the concept is new.  The location is super clean, service is fast, and the Yiro sandwiches are killler.  They are filled with you choice of meat, sauce, and tomato/onions chopped finely.
On a side note, their French fries are awesome.  Bottom line...if you are on the area it is 100% worth a visit.  I usually get take out, but there is a small seating location as well.Definitely like the concept of having good meat, not that processed crap that bad Mediterranean places tend to have because it is cheap.
They do not have full lamb yet: they mix it with beef.  But, it is still good.  Instead of the junk at many other places, try the good stuff here.Still a 5 star experience many visits later! 
Since my first take-out from here, my bf and I have ordered from Yiro Yiro embarrassingly often. I have cravings for their food. Everything is prepared within 15minutes no matter the time of day and is always fresh and delicious. 
My favorite items are the chicken skewer, falafel, zucchini fries and spanakopita. The small salad that comes with the platters and the tzatziki are also wonderful. 
The staff is friendly and definitely remembers us which is nice but again we order very often so i'm not surprised!Had been waiting for this place to open for ages and they didn't disappoint! I've eaten there twice so far. First time they made a mistake with our order but were very apologetic and quick to deliver a replacement (along with a gift card). The beef/lamb gyro was very tasty and they didn't skimp on the meat. The Villager salad was so fresh and the presentation was appealing. I'm so happy to have this great new restaurant in my neighborhood and plan to make it one of my regular spots.This was a great addition to Ridge Ave. Love the pork and the zucchini fries. Their spicy taziki is very good tooJust got the Nisi salad with yiro chicken. Soooooo good! The chicken was so well cooked and the lemon vinaigrette was delicious. Would definitely get again!This is now my new spot for yiros. Food is well seasoned. Light and fresh tasting. Quick and nice service as well.I came here when visiting from out of town. This place was great! The food was delicious and portion sizes were impressive! I will definitely be back when I come back to the area.I've noticed the installation of Yiro Yiro for some time now so I was definitely excited to go in today and check it out! 
The menu is very straight forward. There's a selection of salads, pitas, platters, skewers and sides. I'm a pescatarian so I opted for the Kale salad topped with falafel. The prices were a little higher then I was expecting ($12 for the salad) but I will say the freshness and quality of the ingredients did off set that a little bit. My four star review is due to the price for a self proclaimed "fast food" restaurant as well as the falafel being over cooked. It was so crispy I broke a prong off of my fork, but the flavor was there!
I'll definitely come back and try some other things. The baklava looked so tempting!A great addition to Roxborough "on the Ridge" and a necessary mix of variety. Sure, we have great pizza and subs, but variety is the spice of life.
I've been here several times, including about a week after the opened. Usually getting the platters, the food is fresh, the service is good and I'll certainly return. I have to save the 5 star reviews for those venues that are truly exceptional whereas Yiro Yiro is very good! 
What I Liked:
The variety, for certain, and the feeling you are eating a little more healthy, depending on your selection of course! The flavor, the service and the menu options are all great.  The platter is a nice option with a variety of side options and yummy pita bread.  Of course anytime I can support a local small business is always a win.
Hits and Misses:
The platter side salad is delicious, but the full size version is not even close, with 50% of it onions and olives. Maybe we got the wrong one? The meat is a mix of light, dark and fat, so it won't suit everyone's taste. I'd love to see a business take another step towards providing a nice indoor dining experience - this one is definitely an improvement, but crowded and an unusual layout, typical of many businesses in this stretch. At roughly $11 with tax for the platter, it may be a bit of price shock to some people.
I'm sure the restaurant will adapt with helpful feedback from the community and customers. And I'm sure to be a regular patron as it truly is fast Greek, and a most welcome new neighborhood eatery!I was really looking forward to the opening of Yiro Yiro.  My first experience though, was not great.  I ordered the Greek fries, and this was my fault, I should have known better.  They were extremely salty.  Not great if you have to watch your blood pressure.  I also had the lamb/beef pita.  Not to be gross, but I had to spit out gristle (presumably) from the beef three times.
I will give it another go.  I want to try the Falafel.  Here's hoping the experience for round two is better.This place is bonkers its so good! We ordered via grubhub and from the time we placed the order to the time it arrived at our door it was MAYBE 20 minutes total. Unreal. We got the spanakopita, the gyro with lamb and beef, and the spicy feta dip with pita. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. I still cannot believe how cheap it was for all that food... something like $30 all in, including delivery fee and tip. I will be ordering from here again very soon!Great atmosphere. Best gyro I've had in Philly. Thanks to my fellow Helenes for pulling this off.I really liked this place. The menu is simple to figure out, fresh, and reasonably priced. There's a choice of 3 meats on a spit, or falafel. You choose between salad or pita sandwich... you get the idea. I'm not sure how varied the menu choices could be, but I would come back for the healthy options and good quality. Note: the meat serving on the salad plate was huge, even for a big carnivore, but the salad was tiny. Next time hubby and  I will share one and get a big salad to eat with it.Great & inexpensive Greek takeaway or delivery (the food travels quite well, even the delicious Greek fries w feta). Kabobs, fresh salads and really good spanakopita, gyros are excellent.Delicious!!  Portions are generous (gyro on a pita), enough for 2 meals for me.  The Greek fries were so good!  Everything is done fresh. The restaurant is very clean and well run. A new place has been added to our rotation of dining out establishments.I'm sitting here finishing my meal and I'm already so inclined to leave a review. The freshest, richest flavors I've had in a gyro. The dips were exceptional as well. And they do not skimp on portions. Ill definitely be back again soon.Amazing! Best greek "fast" food that I have had in this area. They deliver, and its reasonably priced. Perfect (and plentiful) stuffed grape leaves, spicy feta dip delicious and pita on point. Spanakopita is incredible as are the gyros themselves. So exceeded my expectations.This place was great. I have been there twice already. Looks amazing, they clearly care. The look of the place is fantastic and has Greek music/radio playing. They clearly put passion into the food at it was very satisfying, enough good food for the cost. What was going to be on the food was described to me and so I got the food exactly how I wanted. Orders take 5-12 minutes to be put together it seems.I heard this place opened so the bf and I decided to order takeout! 
I got the chicken skewers plate with rice pilaf, the bf got the pork yiro with dolmas and we both got tzatziki sauce and shared the spanakopita.
The plates come with the meat, a small Greek salad of diced cucumber/onion/tomato and pita bread with your choice of sauce and 1side. There are also gyros and salads on the menu. Options for everyone!
The meat was perfectly spiced.  I preferred my skewer to the yiro my bf got but they were both good. 
The salad was okay, but I feel like it needed some citrus.The pita was great and the spanakopita was probably my favorite part! The bf liked the dolmas and the tzatziki was great. 
They were super crowded when I arrived but it seemed everyone was just waiting for their take-out or eat-in order. It seems they are still working out the speed kinks because even though there were a lot of people behind the counter cooking, about 8 people were waiting for food. My pickup order took an extra 5min, totally worth the wait. 
I'm so happy to welcome this place to the neighborhood and you'll fall in love the second you get a whiff of that amazing smell!I find this place incredibly charming. It's a fast-food-esque Greek restaurant that's both inexpensive and incredibly high quality. My fiancé practically begs me to come here on nights we don't feel like cooking. The staff couldn't be sweeter or more accommodating. Absolutely one of our go-to places!Since my honeymoon in Greece I'm always on the hunt for delicious authentic Greek food and they definitely have it! The only bad thing I can say about this place is that I am pissed they weren't here during the 3+ years I lived in Manayunk. We tried the chicken Yiro on a pita with spicy tzatziki along with another chicken Yiro on a plate with spicy feta dip....both were delicious! Before we left I caved and got an order of the loukoumades, these are a little harder to find around here so I was super excited when I saw them on the menu, and man did they fulfill all my expectations. I will definitely be back!It took a long time for these guys to open, but I'm glad they finally did. Having been to Greece a few times on vacation, I can say that this is the closest and most authentic version of Greek street food that I have come across in the US, and I used to live in the NYC area, which has a large Greek community. My husband and I shared a couple different items. I, of course, got the pork gyro, which was hot, juicy, and delicious, with all the fixings. I even got it with the spicy tzatziki optoin, which added a little kick.  My husband got the chicken souvlaki plate with rice pilaf and a side salad.  The pieces of chicken were so tender and nicely marinated. Finally, we shared a loukoumades dessert with Nutella. You are seriously doing yourself a disservice if you don't get this - think of little fried donuts..but better. 
Other than that, the space is brand new and has a nice feel to it. And the service is great - the owners were there to answer questions and provide recommendatoins. Great addition to the neighborhood. We'll be back for sure.I loved everything about this restaurant. Food was amazing and fresh, restaurant was clean, service was quick and friendly. I'll definitely be back, probably within the next few days hahaWe wanted to try something a little different  and saw Yiro Yiro delivered. Pretty good prices, delivery was on time, but the food... really good. I went with the lamb & beef gyro with hummus and fries. The meat was tender and the fries were still crisp. Just so good. Had a side of falafel and rice pilaf. Could have skipped the pilaf, but wasn't expecting it to stand out.This really was fast Greek food! Two of us shared a plate ($11), and it's basically like a deconstructed gyro. We got lamb & beef for our protein and tzatziki for sauce. The meat was delicious and a very generous portion but slightly more dry than I would have liked. I liked that the pita wasn't just warmed up but were also a little charred from grilling. The salad was very refreshing to add in the mix, so at times I added it on top of my pita and meat! You can add the regular French Fries to your plate, but we got the Greek fries with a 75-cent upcharge, which I'm not sure was worth it to me. While the fries were beautifully plated they came from the same batch as the regular fries (the staff told me when I asked), so the Greek seasoning is just added on top at the end and therefore not all fries were coated with that flavor. Overall, not a bad value and I'm willing to go again and try other things on the menu, like the baklava!Excellent customer service! They brought the missing items from our carry out order by delivery for no charge and were super apologetic. While there are little things we would change about the food, it was very good overall. The combination of great customer service and good food means we are going to be repeat customers!Chicken gyro with fries and tzatziki! It was absolutely amazing and I will definitely be back.Wow. Seriously everything was delicious!!!
Amazing delivery i highly recommend this place. 
Delivery was super quick too!!I don't usually leave reviews for places but this place is right down the street from my house and I just tried it for the first time. Not only did the food come hot (probably because it's close) but most of my takeout never comes hot Anyway, so food is hot, and everything was delicious. I got the chicken skewers with the rice pilaf, the villager salad and the spicy feta dip. The chicken was cooked so well and it was super tasty, the feta dip was amazing with grilled pita and chicken dipped in. I also didn't feel like a pig. Everything seemed relatively healthy. Also portions are HUGE for what you pay. Definitely recommend!Pretty good stuff here.  Love the diversity of cuisine this place brings to the neighborhood.  Breaks up the monotony of pizza shops and cheesesteak places.  
I'm a fan of the different hummus they offer especially the spicy one, good fries and good Schwarma pita.What a great little spot if you're looking for a quick option in the area for Greek food. Sometimes the food does take 10-15 minutes when you order in person, but mainly because it's made to order. 
They have simple menu but the food is delicious! The portion sizes are huge and usually last me at least 2 meals. I think the grape leaves are the best thing on the menu but they pair so well with everything in the menu. The salads are huge and the fries come out piping hot. 
Would recommend if you're in the areaThis place just opened a few weeks ago and I have heard nothing but good things . I usually give a new place a bit of time to work out the grand opening growing pains . I'm glad I did not . 
I ordered online for pickup . I received a text within 10 minutes that my food was ready . 
We ordered 5 platters and all were great . Lots of food and very very delicious . I had the yiro plate with beef and lamb . I highly recommend it . Plenty of delicious food served hot . I'll be back often .Can't enjoy it 
The first time this place opened up the food was great and since then the quality has gone down hill. My wife said to me that she is surprised this place is still open and I would have to agree with her on that. 
We decided since we were close by and hungry right after Starbucks to stop here and give this place one more try. Wow! Bad decision. 
First, the meat once again the lamb/beef mix is grisly again as it was last time when we decided to not go back. 
Second, the pork belly didn't have much flavor and was chewy. If it wasn't for the good dipping sauce the meal would have been worse. 
Third, the fries were delicious and so was the side salad. 
Fourth, the person at the register was friendly and the wait wasn't long. 
Me and my wife went to "Eat Greek" in Conshohocken and were impressed and now my wife never wants to go back to Yiro Yiro as she is so put off by the quality of the meat. We will not be giving this place another chance. Save your money and taste buds and go elsewhere. 
If you want a place closer by to go to that is way better than Yiro Yiro go to Smiley's cafe in Manayunk.This place is amazing! Honestly the best Greek food I have had. The quality and taste is amazing the spicy to tzaziki sauce is on point. Just moved here and this is my new favorite place. Going back today :)I've been searching for a good gyro spot in Northwest Philly for a bit now. When Yiro Yiro opened, I was happy to sample their menu. Coming from Detroit, where the number of good gyro spots is a bit out of control, my standards were high. 
There are three essential parts to a great gyro experience:  Deliciously seasoned lamb, carefully crafted tzatziki sauce, and crispy fresh fries. Yiro Yiro successfully provided two of these three parts, the tzatziki and fries. The tzatziki was nicely crafted, not too thin, and very flavorful. The fries were hot, fresh, and very crispy. Together, this pair was awesome.
The lamb was also delicious, but I thought it could have used some additional flavor. Fortunately, the flavor provided by the tzatziki and other spices that I could add made up for the lamb's slightly lacking independent flavor.
In terms of service, the guys at Yiro Yiro were awesome. Very nice, friendly, and helpful. I would definitely recommend this spot if you're looking for a tasty fast casual stop on Ridge.Just went and ordered something to go for me and my daughter and just wanted to give a few quick thoughts about this place. 
1) The lady at the register was friendly, nice, and patient as it was my first time there. 
2) The menu is laid out in a way that is easy to read and not confusing or cluttered at all. 
3) The prices were fair and around the same prices as Halal Guys. 
4) The wait for the food was a little longer than other places, but not to bad. 
5) The food was fresh and hot, but the side Greek salad with feta was a little bland the tomatoes were a bit soft-soggy like. 
6) The tzasiki was not bad, but could've used a little more flavor. 
7) The pita bread was fresh and soft an my daughter liked here gyro and I ordered my plate of lamb/beef mix and it was pretty good. 
8) Fries were fresh, but a little soggy and no salt which was a little disappointing. 
Overall not bad and hope with time that this place will get better in the areas I mentioned.I had never tried Greek food before and this did not disappoint! I had the lamb gyro on a pita w/ tzatziki sauce, and my boyfriend had the chicken on a plate with tzatziki and fries. All of our food was amazing!!! I don't particularly order/like lamb, but this was so good I will absolutely be ordering it again.I've bought it once a week since I tried... i am addicted! Of my 3 platters the chicken shwarma is my absolute favorite (with spicy tzatzkiki). The chicken is fresh and delicious. It's fast food but doesn't make you feel guilty for eating it because it's real. So delicious- definitely going to be a regular spot for our take out in our house!Great Yiro plate full of meat!  Hot fresh and filling fires were hot and great. Worth 11$ all day.One of the best falafel I've had ever. Food is quick and staff are always extremely nice and remember what I order every time. It's a great new place for the neighborhood and the best place to eat on that block of ridge.I've given this place a couple tries, because I love Greek food. It's just not very good, I've tried different things on the menus hoping to find a winner, but no luck:( The best thing I've had there is the fries, but u can get good fries anywhere? Not sure how anyone could give this place 5 stars??? Maybe they never had real Greek food?Visiting from NYC, and marrying into a Greek family, trying Yiro Yiro was a must. We ordered a chicken gyro plate that came with the most delicious and juicy chicken, a Greek salad (my favorite), French fries and homemade tzatziki. It was so good neither my husband or I didn't speak until it was done. For dessert we had Loukamades drizzled with nutella (need I say more)  and a yogurt with baklava. If I could eat that yogurt everyday I would it was that good! The staff were all very friendly and helpful, the design was amazing and fun! I hope some day soon a Yiro Yiro could make its way to NYC!We walked into the restaurant and the atmosphere was warm and clean. Unfortunately the food not so much. I had the open plate with beef+lamb and fries with a bottle of water. I was not able to get just lamb, only the mix with beef. The beef and lamb was dry and not seasoned well. The vegetables were fresh and crisp. The price was fair however my 16 oz water was $2.16. The fries were a bit overdone and thin. Not a do over.Yiro Yiro. Is that Greek for so so? That's how my husband and I felt after getting takeout for a picnic. He got a gyro with pork belly, which is unusual for Greek food. I got a kipos salad and put the lamb/beef meat option on top. We also got some fries to share. Tried the husbands food - pork belly wasn't juicy and succulent like you'd expect, it was more like dry strips of bacon. My salad was also disappointing. Though there was a lot of meat, it was hard to distinguish from the beef and lamb. I was looking forward to having lamb and would have ordered that alone if the option were available. The salad was fairly standard - lettuce, grape tomatoes, bell peppers, cucumbers, red onions - nothing too exciting, just plain. The white balsamic dressing was decent, and the portion was fairly big though I wasn't looking forward to eating my leftovers like I usually am. Fries were also soggy. We prefer moustaki on 21st and were hoping that Yiro Yiro was just as good.I'm new to the area but I can already tell that Yiro Yiro will be a go-to for weeknight delivery. The spanakopita was tasty as was the lamb and beef gyro. Food was fresh and the delivery was prompt. What more could you ask for?Great greek food on Penn's campus. Finally giving Greek lady some competition. The food is reasonably priced, tastes fresh and comes out quicklyAwesome food and great staff. Good amount of food for the money and the Dolmades are def worth a try. Greek lady who??Excellent customer service! The manager was very adamant about providing services and getting us a refund after Uber eats messed up our order and it wasn't deliver on time. The owner really cares about his customers! 
Definitely recommend eating here, because the food is AMAZING!!!!The guys own zestos, and they are good guys. Great food and great atmosphere! Highly recommend to anyone.Very dry, the meat is definitely overcooked. Almost inedible. A little expensive. And the cashiers are a little confused on prices.My husband and I were looking for a quick bite to eat before a movie and stumbled upon Yiro Yiro. First, I was blown away by the customer service. The cashier was so sweet and patient as we decided what to order. I went with a chicken gyro platter with rice pilaf and tzatziki and my husband got a gyro sandwich. We also got spanikopita and baklava for dessert. My meal was absolutely delicious and so big that I got two meals out of it! The tzatziki is the best I've had in Philadelphia and rivals what I experienced in Greece. The spanikopita and baklava were awesome as well. Even though we live in South Philly, I will definitely be making the trip out to University City to go back!Possibly the best gyros I've had. I'd highly recommend the pork belly with spicy tzatziki sauce and fries on top. Huge portions too.This place was great, the portion of the gyro can be shared by two people, the environment is modern and simple - Would come back again!.Normally go to Hummus nearby and decided to give Yiro Yiro a try. I had the chicken Yiro on a plate with hummus. It was excellent. I like the toasted and cut pita. Hummus just gives you a big pita which is heated up. Yiro's was much better. Large portions of chicken over rice. The hummus and salad were also good. I will be back.The pork belly is amazing. The portion sizes are really large so there are always plenty of leftovers. Yum!Lackluster food. Not bad, but not good either. The lamb/beef gyro meat wasn't seasoned well, and was over cooked. The Greek fries were just fries with clumps of feta on it, and the fries weren't even close to crispy. Definitely not ordering from here again.What's up with all the comparison with Greek Lady? The last time I went to Greek Lady their menu was more American food than Greek! (TINC) Yiro Yiro has instead chosen to focus on a few specialties which they completely knock out of the ballpark. 
Like really. 
My friend and I have debated whether the souvlaki is actually better than what we've had in Greece. The loukoumades were unanimously the best we've had period (addictive!) and the spicy tzatziki might very well be the version I've waited my entire life for. I've ordered here at least once a week since they've opened and feel really upset that there's been a location in Roxborough (unknown to me) for lord knows how long! Delivery has been fast, sometimes unbelievably so (13 minutes from submit button to delivery). High quality, authentic Greek bites at a reasonable price. I'm pleased.This was my third time ordering and I have to admit that I am very happy that I discovered Yiro Yiro on UberEats. My first order was chicken on a pita with fries added. It was very flavorful and the portion size was perfect. I was missing my side order so I was a little bummed.. The second order I was not happy with the presentation of the food so I returned it. At first I was ready to say no more Yiro Yiro but then I placed my third order and remembered that I loved this place lol. Try it and you will love the Mediterranean flavors.. I may order tonightBe careful - there's a hidden upcharge if you order takeout through yelp. Not disclosed anywhere. Yelp and/or the business should own that upcharge - not pass it through hidden in higher menu prices than you'd get ordering direct from Yiro Yiro.One of the new on the strip but hidden gems in University City on 40th St. Always clean and the owner along with the staff are amazing ! You're always greeted with a friendly smile and hello when you walk in ! Great decor, well lit and the food selections are full portion sizes where you will have a stuffed but fulfilling dining experience to go along with that full belly ! 
My favorite is either the falafel yiro .. with all the veggies .. minus the tomatoes for me and stuffed with fries adding the spicy tzatziki sauce  just the right amount of kick for me .. I also will order the Greek fries .. I know , I know why order more fries when you have them in your yiro already ! Why? because they are amazing ! Not soggy or over cooked ! 
Even though I'm more of a vegetarian.. sometimes I will cheat as I can't help it and will occasionally treat myself to the chicken yiro .. hey don't judge me .. as it is a must try as well . I have never had the experience of it being dry. There is lamb or beef options too. 
They have an assortment of soft drinks( old time glass bottles which are a nice touch .. that's just the classic in me , along with fountain lemonade ( my go to ) and iced tea for your drinking pleasure. 
I suggest when in the area give them a try if you love yiros/ gyros , oh and before I forget the grape leaves (Dolmades) are delicious ! Can't leave those out. As for dessert which always looks so good but I am always so full they also offer Greek yogurt with fruit toppings, loukoumades and baklava as well.  Great job Yiro and thanks !This was my third time ordering and I have to admit that I am very happy that I discovered Yiro Yiro on UberEats. My first order was chicken on a pita with fries added. It was very flavorful and the portion size was perfect. I was missing my side order so I was a little bummed.. The second order I was not happy with the presentation of the food so I returned it. At first I was ready to say no more Yiro Yiro but then I placed my third order and remembered that I loved this place lol. Try it and you will love the Mediterranean flavors.. I may order tonightA good Greek fast-food place. Lots of meat options, not the best option for vegans or vegetarians; however they have salads, yogurt, sides and falafel. 
I went there with a friend, and we had an overall good experience.When i walked by across the street, I thought this restaurant was merely a yogurt shop! Glad I walked by window and saw the words "salad" and "skewer". It made me go inside to find pita sandwiches\plates and skewers \plates and salads! Also have a few greek sides , traditional Greek desserts and yes, frozen yogurt bar. You can choose a pita sandwich (chicken on a spit, beef&lamb , pork belly or vegetarian option = falafel) or plate it. This is served with Villager salad and a side (rice pilaf, dolmades or french fries). Same with skewers = served naked or plate it. Lastly, large salads. i chose plate it falafel. So i received my choice of sauce = tzatziki, pita breaf, villager salad, falafels and dolmades on a plate. Delicious ! They make their falafel balls and tzatziki sauce. Restaurant is clean and bright. Employees very nice. Prices are reasonable. Pita sandwich $8 or plate $11. I will definitely return!We were visiting in town and were in the mood for Greek food. Found this on yelp and gave it a try. Very clean inside and fair prices. My family loved the food. We enjoy Greek salads and chicken. The chicken was tender and spiced just right. The salad was super fresh with a perfect dressing. We wish we had this establishment where we live.I returned from a 6 week long European trip and was itching for great Greek Food to fill that void because I missed it so much. I had tried a ton of Greek places, but they mostly fell short. However, once I tried Yiro Yiro it was over. This is the best and freshest casual Greek Food I have found in Philly. Also, the spanikopita is awesome! Definitely worth giving a try!Yiro Yiro is a hidden gem. I ordered the falafel Yiro and it did not disappoint! This place gives you delicious food, fair prices, and speedy service...definitely rivals Greek Lady! 
I can't wait to come back!Very solid gyros. They offer the fries in the gyros and that's a great touch (fries were also obvi fresh). The restaurant is super modern and clean. Customer service was a 10/10. My only gripe is that it seems a bit pricey, especially compared to other Greek options in the area ($10 or so for a gyro).I order from Yiro Yiro quite frequently. It's usually the place that is picked when I'm with a friend or two talking on my porch and we decide we're hungry and it's also usually the place we pick when my youngest kid asks to order in and my middle child concurs but adds , "But I want something healthy." Yiro Yiro satisfies all of the cravings with well prepared and well-packaged-for-take-out-food. That's important because when you open the bag and everything is still in place in sturdy and well organized containers you don't have to eat jumbled, cold food. Their chicken Yiro in a pita (any of the pita sandwiches) is so good. I always order mine with spicy tzatziki. The fries in the sandwich put it over the top. They have really good falafel too. The smooth, thick Greek yogurt with mix ins is crazy good. Try it with figs. So delicious. Yiro Yiro offers satisfying Mediterranean, Greek food. I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered.For Mediterranean, I would choose another restaurant.  Probably great after a nite on the town.I've ordered from yiro yiro several times now and I'm impressed. Their yogurt is unlike any yogurt I've ever had. I like Greek yogurt. I enjoy a whole milk yogurt. So i know my thicker, richer yogurts. Yiro Yiro's yogurt is sooooo good. It's the perfect texture and richly flavored. Their add ins are excellent too: figs, honey, cherry preserves, granola, fresh fruit. Such a treat! I've had the Greek fries which are pretty good. The feta and herbs are perfectly balanced. My favorite treat is the loukoumades! They are like little fritter munchkins. Like cinnamon roll bites. Like miniature sticky buns. They are so delish!This place is a hidden treasure. Located in University City, my wife and I walked over there after we saw some postings on social media. It did not let us down. My wife got a platter and I got a gyro with a Greek salad. All of it was so fresh and delicious. The owner was also so nice to us letting us know about his restaurant and future plans. If you're in University City and you want a great value and delicious meal... Don't even hesitate go here.Yiro Yiro is a hidden gem. I ordered the falafel Yiro and it did not disappoint! This place gives you delicious food, fair prices, and speedy service...definitely rivals Greek Lady! 
I can't wait to come back!Yum yum yum! Such good gyros! Reminded me of home. Welcoming staff. I will definitely be back to try more if their menu.The Ridge Ave location is great. They're always friendly, and the food is delicious. We've tried the gyro with Pork Belly, (both with fries in and outside), and the chicken skewer platter. Those are both always good, but the real hits in our house are the spicy feta sauce, and the dolmades. We've also eaten salads from them, and the produce is always fresh. 
The best is that I have a soy allergy, and they were able to steer me in the right direction re: dressings. With the rest of their food, I've never encountered a problem, so we end up grabbing food here about once a week.It was fine but I prefer the middle eastern pita more than the Greek style. I prefer hilal guys overall.Very tasty. Got the chicken skewers with spicy tzatziki and it was great. Nice size portions and fresh. The seating area leaves a bit to be desired, but minor complaint. Only suggestion would be using less plastic because I was eating there and could have used reusable plates/utensils etc. instead of all the plastic.Yiro Yiro is very underrated especially compare to Greek Lady. Yiro Yiro is much better than Greek Lady. Anyways, their platters are huge and give you so much food. It is definitely a bang for your buck place. The fries were quite tasty with a good ratio of potato and crispiness. I need to come back to this place because it is overlooked compare to the other restaurants at Penn.The BEST!!  so delicious
Highly recommended one!!!! 
The beef was so AMAZING!!!! Love it! 
It tastes way better than other Greek spots.In terms of gyros in the area, this place is hitting all of my top priorities. Location is perfect, and this area needed a convenient Greek food option. I personal didn't like Greek Lady because of the spits not being up to par with what I've had in the past, and there were no other greek food options. Now, spanakopita, dolmades, spicy tzaziki and more are all available in a joint that used to serve expense, underwhelming sushi burritos. Service was fast, the spices in the grape leaves were great and the fries on the pita were only 75 cents!Ordered take out,  happy with presentation and portion sizes. Chicken kabob was juicy, well seasoned and cooked perfectly. Salad was crunchy and fresh, rices was perfect, and Suzuki sauce was on spot on. Great food will order again, love the location, service and price!Love falafel on pita with all the stuff on top.  The fried donut things are awesome as well.I've been meaning to try this place for a while and I'm glad I did. The food was so good. There was so much flavor and everything was so fresh. I'm already looking forward to my next visitI was craving a gyro and the options where I live are very limited and bland.  Yiro yiro does not disappoint!  I got the lamb/beef gyro and the greek fries.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The sauces were on point as well.  I'll be back for more.First time trying Yiro Yiro after a recommendation. I got the chicken Yiro on a pita which was really good. It was seasoned well. I misinterpreted the pita with tzatziki side as pita chips so the side ended up just being extra for me. Platter is well worth it, added an extra skewer to my order. Will definitely be back again.Delicious, high-quality meats and veggies plus the best side I've yet to see at a fast-casual chain: dolmades.
Dolmades, AKA "stuffed grape leaves," are just one of several things that set Yiro Yiro apart. The meat is high-quality and the sauces are creative. They have a good variety of choices of dishes too beyond just gyros or plates to salads and yogurt and desserts. Those dolmades though--more Mediterranean places need to have 'em as a side like Yiro Yiro does. 
Interior is clean and service is efficient. Not really a hang-out place, but there is a pretty big TV with sports on. 
The prices are not exactly cheap, but you get a lot of food for the price and could easily make two meals out of each plate.Greek lady has better gyros. The tzaziki sauce is too yogurt-y. It tastes too healthy. Did not enjoy it. Also was not spicy. Greek lady white sauce and fries are better so is manikesh by far.I was out of food and didn't feel like making a trip to the grocery store and cooking. And I was in the mood for some Greek food anyways. I've had Greek Lady before and I really liked their food, but I wanted to try this new place since the reviews were good. 
Well...it reminded me that Yelp is all about each person's own experiences...grain of salt? 
I was debating on a gyro or their platters. Since I was hungry, I ended up getting the chicken gyro platter that came with a salad and some dolmades. The salad and dolmades were decent. The tzatziki was nice. The pita tasted store-bought...you know...not fresh and house-made. The chicken was flavored nicely (and they are quite generous with their portions) but was VERY DRY! I was able to finish everything but the chicken because of this fact. Because I was in a mood, I got their house-made Baklava for dessert...THIS alone is worth the three stars. SO good. It was pretty big so I was only able to eat a portion and saved the rest for the next morning to have with my coffee. Even cold, this was delicious. 
Maybe it was an off-day...I'd give them another try. Maybe next time I'll try their spicy tzatziki and lamb gyros. We'll see.I had never ordered Yiro Yiro before and wanted to see how it compared to Greek Lady just down the street. We got the lamb and beef yiro with spicy tzatziki, the falafel yiro with tzatziki, and the zucchini sticks. Unfortunately, both yiros were quite underwhelming. The lamb and beef were both salty and dry and even though the spicy tzatziki was good, there just wasn't enough sauce on the yiro. The falafel was a little better but still dry and definitely not as fluffy on the inside as some other restaurants in the area. The zucchini sticks, however were surprisingly the star of the show. I ordered them expecting it'd be 6 or 7 but there was actually a decent number (maybe 20-30) of them. Even though it was delivered, they were still crispy when they got to us. Some of the zucchini sticks had a really gooey consistency that remind me of mozzarella sticks. My only complaint about the dish though was that they left out the side of tzatziki. I wouldn't order the yiros from here again but would definitely grab the zucchini sticks again.I was on the hunt for a good Mediterranean chicken platter and this one hit the spot. The chicken was gyro style sliced with great flavor and not at all dry. The rest of the platter was really tasty too. I was able to get two large (for me) meals out of the platter! I'll definitely be back.slid thru yiro yiro tonight for the first time bcuz i was craving a gyro. when i got there at around 8pm the place was empty and i even got lucky and got parking right out front. rolled inside to find a spotless and medium sized space. very very clean. was quickly greeted and my order was taken. we decided to try a lamb gyro, a chicken gyro fries and rice pilaf. the gyros are huge. they were overflowing with fresh cold veggies. the pitas were warm and crisp. fries were hot and crispy. the rice pilaf was pretty plain, nothing special. overall we were pleased with the food. the chicken gyro wasnt quite as flavorful as the lamb but i wouldnt expect it to be. i think the prices were just a tad bit high but for the amount of food it wasnt horrible. i'll definitely be back to try other menu items.Love the beef and lamb gyro, the baklava, and the spanakopita. SKIP THE FRIES! They give a large portion for $4.50 but mine came cold, hard, and unseasoned. The gyro had nice bite sized pieces, and fresh veggies that reminds me of bruschetta. The tomatoes were so good and I usually dislike tomatoes on food. The Baklava had a nice cream and cinnamon flavor and was enough to split. The spanakopita was yummy, flaky, and in a cute swirl rather than slice.We were headed to see lion king at the cinemark and we stopped by this place for food and we were not disappointed! We ordered the chicken and beef gyros and both were very delicious and a lot of food for two people! I loved their French fries as well! Great place to grab a bite before seeing your favorite movie at the cinemark in university place/ city. They close pretty late so you could even walk around the area after eating their delicious gyros! Service was quick and the staff were friendly. The place was not too crowded with enough tables and chairs to sit down comfortably and eat. I would definitely come back and try other stuff on the menu. Definitely one of the best places for gyros in Philly!***Ordered from Doordash***
The portions were awesome and the quality was phenomenal.
The freshness of the food was amazing.
I ordered the Zucchini Sticks, Beef Gyro and Baklava.
1) The Zucchini Sticks were perfect: serving sizes were just right and they were crispy (I hate soggy fried zucchini).
2) The beef for the Gyro was flavorful and it was trimmed into easily edible pieces.
3) As for the Baklava... it reminded me of the quality that I'd get while I was in Istanbul.
The tzatziki was some of the best I've had in the U.S.
If I find myself in Philly again, and have a yearning for Mediterranean... I know Yiro-Yiro will get my business.This was a surprise find.  We were just driving by this area when we decided to stop for a bite to eat.  We googled places to eat near our location, Yiro Yiro happened to come up.  We love greek food and decided to give this place a try.  Wow, it did not disappoint, Everything we had was delicious and fresh.   We had the chicken skewers, one with the spicy tzatziki sauce and the regular, both were amazing.  The chicken was tender and juicy.  The rice had nice flavor and was cooked to perfection as well as the grape leaves.  We will have to come back to this place and try the yogurt which looked delicious, we had no room for dessert being the platters were huge.  Can't wait to come back to this special little find.  Really would like to add the service and the people working at this place were super nice.Had a taste for some good Hummus, so something told me to try Yiro Yiro. I placed an order through UberEats for my Boyfriend & I. I purchased the Pita Chips & Hummus, Chicken Yiro & Chicken Yiro Platter. I was pleasantly surprised how good everything tasted !!! I absolutely enjoyed the Pita Chips & Hummus. My Chicken Yiro Platter was okay. I felt the chicken was slightly over cooked, but still packed a nice amount of flavor with the rice pilaf & Greek salad !! My boyfriend really liked his Chicken Yiro, minus the onions. 
I give Yiro Yiro 4 stars, hands down !! The hummus will have me coming back !!!Love this place! The spicy tzatiki rocks. The pork gyro is always fuego. If you order the platter, they give you so much food! This is my preferred restaurant for Greek takeout in Philadelphia.I got the plate meal. Meat was bland, no real taste to it and kind of dry. Had to add salt after the fact. Rice was like uncles bens rice... if you ever had it you know. Spicy Tzatziki was ok. They had Georgia peach flavored bottled coke that was the highlight of the meal. 
Perhaps try the skewered chicken instead or a wrap... might have better luck.Good gyro. Would come again. Fast service and friendly staff. Got an order to go. Portion is just right.Really great for late nights or if you can't bother with the dining hall. The side salad was a highlight oddly.I ordered Yiro-Yiro delivery for lunch, and it was quick, delicious, and an insane value. This place is an awesome option for corporate or party catering, or a for a bite that's satiating and healthier than your average to-go. I got the Yiro platter, I was blown away by the sheer amount of food. I could have easily split it into two, very filling meals. I ordered delivery for a 7-person lunch, and the food arrived in a timely manner, just as ordered, and perfectly flavored. Their sauces are varied, but they all compliment the food nicely (Get at that Spicy Tzatziki). I particularly liked how easy it was to order online; talking to people is the WORST, amirite? (kidding)....((maybe)). 
My favorite thing about Yiro-Yiro, though? As if the flavors aren't enough to get you here, this is a joint that can easily cater to any palate. Vegans, vegetarians, Gluten-free, Dairy-free...there's something on this menu for everyone.Won't order from here again. Meat was overcooked and dry. Had to drain the extra fluid from the salad and hummus was watery and separating. Wasted $17Fine for a quick bite. IMO their sides aren't that great but I enjoy their main dishes, dips, and baklava. Staff are pleasant, delivery is quick. Convenient location. Felt safe entering during COVID.Super good, super delicious, generous portions. Great meal! I've gotten the chicken gyro and pork belly platter and both times I went the food has been great and pickup time was super quickWe got gyros delivered through Caviar. I now understand why Odysseus had to tie himself to the mast. Spanakopita was good, Greek fries probably better dining in.Excellent food. Excellent service. Went and got food for 5 people. We all demolished them.I tried this for the first time today, and it was delicious! I was a bit sad you had to add French fries to the gyro for 75 cents because some places give it to you for free but it is worth. I can actually tell how good the quality of the pork belly is. It's not too fatty or not too rough but it's a good mixture where some outer edges are chewy whereas the inner part is soft. The meat quality is wonderful and I can tell the vegetables they use in it is good quality too. They also have a variety of sauces you can choose from. The pita is quite big and I got full from eating one so I recommend this new gyro place! They all have platters so I think I'm gonna try that next time:)I ordered Yiro Yiro for the first time today from Grub Hub.  The reviews, menu options, and Yelp pictures are what sold me...and I was not disappointed!  The food came on time and was so delicious.  I got the chicken gyro with spicy tzatziki (get this sauce!) and an order of Greek fries (to die for).  It was seriously so good.  I can't wait to order from here again.  This place is way better than Greek Lady.When I say that I had this place twice in 1 week for lunch it was so darn good. The chicken skewers are so delicious and have that grilled taste to them. Make it a plate and it comes with a delicious salad topped with feta cheese, the rice pilaf and you can't forget about the pita bread  man oh man! The beef and lamb gyro is bomb too! Eat Here !!!!The food is so good!!!!!! The meat is tender and perfectly seasoned!  This is one of those you have to try spots!  Staff is amazing, the location is cute and very clean. Typically you could eat there but due to COVID they are doing delivery and pick up only.I'm not going to sugar coat it. It is a dark time in West Philadelphia. The public school system is falling apart. People die every day. Honest Tom's just went vegan. And when the world needed a miracle -- when we were down on our knees begging for mercy -- a shimmering light from the corner of 40th and Walnut. Or rather just past the corner. A little past the McDonalds entrance that "closes at 9pm" (yeah, check your clock guys it's not daylight savings time anymore) is the humble Yiro Yiro.
I was confused and alone, when I stumbled upon a young fellow washing the front window. "Are you open?" I asked. He looked at me, then at the unlocked front door, then at me, then at the "NOW OPEN" sign, then at me, then at the customers inside. I waited eagerly for his response, saliva taking a dive for the pavement from the corners of my mouth. He nodded. I nodded. He looked concerned. I grinned. He gestured to the door. I entered.
Have you ever walked into a place and thought, "Wow that food looks delicious, particularly the meat on that spit. Mmmm. I'm probably going to get a pork gyro and loukoumades. Is that wall load-bearing?" Well walk into this shop and you'll be thinking something similar.
Allow me to get a little off topic and discuss the food. I have been on the hunt for a good gyro since 2008. My hunt for a mediocre gyro ended in 2013 when I went to Greek Lady, but unlike the women who date me, I do not settle for mediocrity. And today, the hunt has ended. The meat on that boy was hot and juicy, the fries fluffy and golden, and the sauce -- oh the sauce -- Poseidon rain down upon me great gobs of tzatziki, that stuff was the stuff. Top it off with some sweet loukoumades (kind of like sweet, fried honey donuts if you will, or the Greek version of gulab jamun, if you won't), and you got a meal cooking.The Greek food here is much better than Greek Lady just down the street. I got a chicken gyro and it was excellent. However, what really stood out to me was the little Loukoumades, which are like little donuts. It is definitely worth getting the Nutella flavored ones- the difference is astounding, just pay the extra 50 cents or whatever. 
Seating is usually very easy and the service is fast. I would recommend coming here!These guys are the best. It's been one of my goto takeout spots for a long time now and they never disappoint.  The chicken skewers are always fresh, juicy, and delicious.  Great Pita and Hummus, and definitely try the Loukoumades for dessert.  Order is always consistent, fast and tasty.  Always friendly on the phone and have been open during quarantine with is an obvious plus.Naked Skewers chicken with fresko sauce ($8) - the chicken was really tender and well seasoned.  I squeezed a slice of lemon on top of the chicken.  The pita on the side was nice, hot, and soft.
The fresko sauce is their version of honey mustard.  Although I think it was overpriced and it was small.  I was still hungry after finishing.
Would I go back? Yeah I wouldn't mind going back but I would get the "on a plate" instead of the naked.
The wife got the kipo salad with falafel ($10) - the falafel was on the smaller side...anything falafel, I would order from mama's vegetarian (in center city) or Saad's (in university city).  The salad was definitely on the small side.  For salads, I would order from Greek Lady.
(My yelp rating is based solely on taste of the food)I found my new favorite spot in University City.
First and foremost, please do your soul a favor by getting the loukoumades (with cinnamon and powdered sugar is my personal favorite. Think of it has fresh warm Greek munchkins with honey syrup. 
You can never go wrong with two skewers of fresh cubes of herbed chicken served with lemon with a generous side of pita bread. You can also never go wrong with their amazing tzatziki sauce with the chicken. The chicken was so tender too! They are freshly grilled to order! The tzatziki tastes unusually refreshing - as in one of the best I've had. Thick and creamy and you get the crisps of the diced cucumbers. 
Generous side of fries and rice pilaf were perfect additions to the skewers. I also love the Greek fries! Of course, I love dipping them in tzatziki!
As an added bonus, the staff have all been very nice everytime!This place always hits the spot!  I order from yiro yiro often. So much so, that they remember my order!  I'm not a fan of olives, so I omit them from my salad. They know to do it without having to even ask. That's top notch customer service if you ask me. My daughter, who is almost 2, loves their food too. Our go to is the chicken skewers on a plate with the side of salad, tzatziki, and rice pilaf; also, the villager salad without olives. The spanokopia and the zucchini fries are also very good. It always comes hot and fresh. Love this place!  Can't say enough good things!So good!! Cute little place too. Tasted very authentic, the spicy tzatziki sauce was amazingI'd recommend the sides and desserts here, but not a huge fan of the gyro. Don't get me wrong it was tasty, but more expensive than Greek Lady's down the street and not as yummy in my opinion! 
Zucchini sticks were delicious though and the service was great!Actually really tasty!! The potters are hung portion sizes, and come with a  variety of so many different things, including dip and salad, and pita!! I love all the sides, but as someone who eats primarily vegetarian, the only thing I can eat is the falafel, and I find them really dry and tough to get through, so you'd probably be better off ordering the meat (which also looks really good).Yiro Yiro, how many ways to say and spell that delicious pita sandwich with grilled meat, various sauces, tantalizing dips and veggies? Over the years I've had many different concoctions of this sandwich and Yiro Yiro's version was pretty darn good.
I DoorDashed them yesterday and delivery was extremely quick and I appreciated the care and the use of quality packaging they use. You would be surprised seeing how some spot use cheap containers for their food.
I ordered the beef/lamb combo with a rice pilaf, fresh salad of diced tomatoes, cucumbers, eggplant and spices, and a wonderful spicy feta dip. I finished the meal with a scrumptious baklava.
The meal came with triangular shaped grilled pita bread. The portions were abundant.  I grabbed a slice of the pita bread and crammed as much of the meat the bread could handle and smeared the spicy feta cheese dip over it. What a heavenly bite! The beef and lamb was tender and that spicy feta was the truth. The rice pilaf was fluffy and not dried out and I didn't know the name of the salad, but it was so fresh and crisp, a perfect accompanying item for the meal.
The baklava was magnificent, two large pieces encrusted with honey and pistachios with a thin layer of vanilla icing across the top of the philo dough. It was a sweet ending to a good meal. 
I would have awarded Yiro Yiro 5 stars if I would have received whole pieces of the grilled pita bread so I could make a whole gyro, the small pieces of pita ran out quickly. Next time I will ask for that in advance.At first I thought this was an interesting new addition to University City given the 2 other Mediterranean restaurants less than a block away (Hummus and Greek Lady). However, I have become a huge fan and find myself here often. I have yet to stray from the chicken skewers served with rice, cucumber salad, your choice of sauce, and pita. I am obsessed with the spicy tzatziki & spicy feta "sauces." Both are sop up every last drop good. The portions are huge and I always get 2 meals out of mine.Always fresh and thoughtfully made. My go to when I want some Greek eating on the fly.Tasty eats at this place! I got a beef & lamb yiro in a pita with spicy tzatziki and my husband got a beef & lamb yiro on a plate with rice pilaf. We also got a side of falafel. Everything was so good and we were so hungry we forgot to take pics of our food so the menu will have to suffice for now. We will definitely get take out from here again as the food was great and pretty cheap. Come try it!It was so good when it first opened and pre pandemic. Like 5 stars. And such a great option for catering at Penn (they never set up or anything and you had to give them time to find the bldg but it was nice for a work happy hour or lunch meeting). 
Now... The fries taste like fast food fries - meaning they taste like the oil they were cooked in was old. I am just picky about this.
I feel like they're trying to price gouge online ordering? On Caviar if you try to order the Loukoumades- it's $7.50 to add nutella. So if you order this and add the nuts (like a tbsp of nut dust) and nutella (like 1/2 a tbsp) the total for this fried dough dessert is over $18 for a single order... I mentioned this at the 40th street location, thinking it had to be in error - but no. Apparently not. If people will pay for it - it stays. My irritation is actually with the dismissiveness of the person I asked about it though. It seems wrong? He also seemed to imply if someone was ordering on Caviar they can afford this. Um... okay? 
The wrap was still very good. I had the chicken with spicy tzatziki. The meat and sauce were good. 
All in all, I think I would have given it 4 stars if it hadn't been so all around good previously. And if maybe the person I interacted with hadn't been so off putting... I'll probably try again in a few months.This is the place!  Some of the best food in Philly.  I have never been to a place that over-serves tzatsiki sauce until I came here.  You won't run out, trust me.  Had the pork belly platter with the stuffed grape leaves and WOW was it good.  Will definitely be a regular here from now on.  The salad that comes with the platter can't be beat, and the prices are low for what you get.