This place was okay until you get to dine outside and notice outside of the dim lighting that there are fruit flies and bugs flying around your food and the avocado in your rolls are dark brown. How dare they serve someone that is PAYING for their food with less than fresh food? Very gross and the staff isn't the most attentive either.My new favorite sushi place!  Love the "Chef Special Creations", especially the Fire Dragon roll. Yellowtail jalapeño appetizer also amazing. Another plus it's BYOB and has great lunch specials.Sooooo yummy!! Been there twice with groups, both times had more delicious sushi than we could eat!  The Love Boat for two really serves three- and so beautifully presented!  I started with the Sashimi Martini-- take a look at the photo-- all sorts of sashimi mixed with avocado, strawberries and mango.  The evening ends with chilled orange slices and ice cream.People were nice and paid attention to special instruction.
Rolls were a little skimpy in my opinion, but good overall.I ordered on a Tuesday night from the yelp app on my cell phone. I was coming home from the gym and I wanted to have it there by the time I got home. It came about 10 minutes before the predicted delivery time which turned out to be perfect. The delivery person was extremely kind! I had the tuna avacado roll and salmon sashimi. Both were really delicious!This place is new, and deserves to become very popular. Truly excellent food. Even the tea (free refills!) surprised me with its delicate, delicious flavor. I had yellowtail sushi and a New York Roll. My companions had various sushi and rolls. Everyone agreed the food was scrumptious. I have to say, the yellowtail was so exquisite, I closed my eyes to enjoy it undistracted. 
And what was the price for all this? Approximately $5 for a roll or sushi at dinnertime, $2 for miso soup (which was also very good), and $1 for unlimited hot tea. Unbelievable! The service was also excellent, with very attentive staff. And everything felt squeaky clean. This place is my new favorite. Highly recommended!
Note: The sign for this restaurant was hard to find. Search for it, though. It's worth it!Great place to hang out. I eat sushi a lot and their fish is very fresh and I love this place. Their chief had make me a special salad which is awesome. 
10% discount now and BYOB!I only ordered sushi To-Go but this is already my absolutely favorite sushi place that I've tried so far in Philly. I will DEFINITELY be back for dining in. The place has a modern sleek look, dim lighting and plenty of seating for date nights. The menu only has sushi, but the prices are AMAZING. I personally eat sushi on a weekly basis, always trying out new places and comparing tastes, quantity, quality and prices. This place is a 10/10 in all categories.
Walking in, I was immediately greeted, I came to the register to place an order to go and I saw their party tray deal that I could not pass. It was only $35 for 6 different rolls, each roll came out in 8 pieces!! I've never seen such a great deal, omg. This party tray had ALL my favorite rolls as if it was perfectly designed for me. I took a peek at the menu while I waited and they have great lunch specials and their special rolls are all so different from the norm and the combinations are divine. The food came out rather quickly and they gave me ample utensils and dipping sauces, despite the fact that it was only going to be for two people. It comes in a huge circular party tray and the placement is beautiful. For me, sushi that is aesthetically pleasing makes it that much better. 
Once we settled down and got into the meal, I was thoroughly impressed. Everything was absolutely FRESH and tasted amazing. Rice ratio was slim which is EXACTLY how I like it. I enjoy sushi when there's not too much rice, and the focus is on the contents which were more than delightful. The rice was also not too soft and not too hard, it was perfect. 
I work right across the street, so you can definitely expect me to be a regular here at my new favorite spot!Best place around for lunch. $10 for 3 rolls - their regular rolls are better than their special rolls - highly recommendI ate there last night with a few other people and it was Delish!!! They have indoor and outdoor seating and they have quick service. They have a large variety of special rolls and it all was so good!I think it's pretty much like most typical small sushi spots. The ambiance is cute and quaint. The sushi was very good as was my miso soup. What I liked most was that I was able to place my order ahead via yelp. That was super convenient esp since I'd had a lot of running around to do and I was starving! I will definitely keep this spot in my radar for when I'm in the area & want a quick lunch.I like simple sushi and this place is great for that. I got an Alaska Roll (raw salmon, avocado and cucumber) and a spice yellowtail roll (spicy yellowtail, crunch, and diced Apple). The Alaska roll was like most I have had. It was great and just what I wanted - fresh and perfect. It did not exceed my expectations. The spicy yellowtail roll DID exceed my expectations. I was going to get the regular yellowtail scallion roll and saw this alternative. The apple in this roll adds a crunch and a sweetness to the spicy and it's an amazing combo. Will definitely order again. Looks like they have a great lunch combo that I will be trying since I work nearby.Decent sushi for a good price. The restaurant is relatively new. Many sterling residence individuals frequent this sushi shop.Was walking to Misconduct for a drink and saw this new place on the way! We decided to stop for dinner after grabbing a menu (the 20% off coupon was a plus too!). I cannot stop talking about it. I was so impressed and the sushi was delicious. We are a bit of sushi snobs and this definitely ranked our top sushi places in Philly. Will definitely eat here again. If only I worked closer and could enjoy their lunch specials! You would be disappointed, trust the sushi fan!So the wife and I have been to yummy sushi twice and both times I have to say the food was fantastic and the service was excellent. First if you go during lunch time they have great lunch specials that are reasonably price with generous portions. I was actually surprise at the size of the sashmi and how fresh it taste. We now found our go to sushi place and it's only a couple of blocks from our apartment.No major complaints. 
Was pretty middle of the road with solid service.
If in a pinch this place is ok but there are better options near by.First time trying this place. Very happy that I did! The miso soup was very good. The edamame was delicious. My main entree was a sushi/sashimi combo. Everything was fresh and like their name...YUMMY!
For a first time check-in on Yelp, I received 10% off which was an added bonus!
The service was good, however it was a bit after 9pm on a Sunday night. 
When feasible, I will be back!It was alright.
The price was alright and sushi/sashimi were alright considering that you won't get fresh high quality sushi around here. But I gave a 3 because I think they're all frozen, which I totally understand but they were badly thawed. The texture was off and tuna I had was the worst tuna I've ever had. No flavor, slight bitterness and bad texture.
The gyoza appetizer I had was very good. It was weird that gyoza was cooked like tempura but surprisingly good. 
The lunch menu pricing was pretty good too so I might come back for nigiri. After all it's very difficult to find a sushi place with some~many nigiri options.I've had a few really good experiences here and a few terribly not fresh ones. I don't know if it depends on the day, but the last take out order my mango sushi had a bad smell and couldn't eat it. It's hit or miss here.The 3 Roll Lunch Special is $11.88(after tax)  You can't beat that price. The texture of the rice is a bit too soft, but they compensate for this by stuffing the rolls with fish.horrible customer service! while at work today, we decided to get sushi!!!!
we were treated with the worst customer service! the food was poorly prepared and
we were treated like 2nd class citizens!!!!! an item was purchased that we were charged 1.00 separately for the sauce!!!! thats like ordering pancakes and being charged for the syrup!
never again will i patronize this place. 
to the woman at the counter who wore the "fight like a girl t-shirt: you need a major attitude adjustment!!! you don't pick and choose who you will extend courtesy to based on the color of someone's skin!!!!!Stopped by for a quick lunch. Tried triple spicy sushi ($13.50) - 8 pieces. Inside crabmeat and outside half tuna and half salmon. It was very delicious.
Also tried spicy yellowtail (~$5.50) which was good and tofu skin roll (~$3.50) was not great. It was on a sweet side and felt too much rice. 
Clean place and nice service.The maki here is good, and they have lunch specials under $14.00. The spicy mayo sauce is really good. The tuna and salmon was fresh. The service was really good. The place is clean and modern. I will definitely be back.Cute little place with BYOB, had the freshest Tako I've ever had there!! Yummy!! Will be back next time  I'm in Philly.Great little place. Ordered Chirashi with salad and the salad was a good size. The presentation was excellent and service was great. If you go for the first time, Yelp has 10% off after 4pm (dine in) which come handy. I sat at the bar and ate without any issues, delay or hassle. During lunch time, they have 2 rolls for $9 deals which is a plus.I love this place. The sushi looks good and taste good!  
10% discount now and B.Y.O.B!!This is easily the best sushi in the area. Coming from LA, I had become somewhat of a sushi "snob", but this place exceeds expectations in every way. The prices are incredible and the quality is so high. Very fresh fish! The restaurant itself is new, clean, and well arranged. This will become a weekly restaurant for me.Very delicious. Has some unique and creative rolls. Sex on the beach roll is one of my fav!First review I've ever written and probably only one I will ever write, but this place deserves it. Absolutely the best sushi I've had in this city. Comparable to the top sushi I have had in NYC. You will not be disappointed if you eat here. Wherever / however often you guys get your fish  PLEASE do not change it. Hands down the best in Philadelphia for me.I am a sushi snob, having spent time in Japan. I really liked this place. Had 2 sushi rolls - fish tasted very fresh. Edamame were perfectly steamed and gyoza were yummy. 
Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the green tea was not brewed and the menu was not as extensive for non sushi items.
Service was good.Delicious and quick service with friendly customer service. Would definitely recommend to anybody looking for a Sunday dinner.We've been ordering take out from Yummy Sushi for a few months now. Initially we loved all the rolls we ordered but the last few orders have not been as good as usual. The sex on the beach roll is amazing and consistently great. The sweet potato roll has been quite dry and the cucumber avocado roll generally breaks apart.My co-workers and I come here for lunch quite often since it's only a few blocks from our office. I've dined in and have ordered take-out. No matter what option, Yummy Sushi has done a great job at executing both. The staff ensures you are fully provided with napkins, chopsticks, water refills, etc. 
The first few times I'd been here, I would've rated them 3 stars since the sushi was okay. However, after coming back several more times I've bumped them up to 4 stars. They don't have the most amazing sushi in the world, but it does taste fresh. They are always consistent too, which is a plus for me. 
Their lunch specials are the best deals. For the lunch specials, I typically get the 3 rolls and substitute the miso soup for a salad option. The menu has a ton of options for you to choose from. Keep in mind, specialty rolls are not on the lunch special menu. It's their basic rolls. I normally don't order the basic rolls, but for the price and quality I've started ordering these. 
This place has both indoor and outdoor seating. It's perfect for small groups and a bit snug for larger groups. I did come here with a group of 7 people and they were able to fit us comfortably. However, any party bigger I think they'd have to split you up at separate tables in order to fit. Overall, I recommend this place as they are fast, friendly and have a fair price point.Just walking around after going up the Rocky steps and came across a nice happy hour at this sushi spot. I dont eat sushi often because I am very picky but this shrimp tempura was really good and I think I was more impressed at the presentation of it more than anything. Beautiful presentation, great fast service, delicious food, and great happy hour!Service is Excellent. Price is reasonable .I was ordered the love boats for 2 with my wife .beautiful decoration. Sushi and Sashimi was so fresh. Foods is delicious . We love this place . We think this is only one sushi restaurant I will come in my lifeHad a great experience here! I know that this place is a popular take-out spot, which made it perfect for a Friday night dine-in experience with a large group (no wait! Ha!). 
It's BYOB so bring your friends, bring your drinks (liquor store 2 blocks away - WIN!). There are so many options for on the menu. I shared a "Party for 4" with 3 people and it was the perfect combination of simple and fancy rolls. I'm also a sucker for seaweed salad, and I thought it was great!
I've also used this location for catering for a work event. We ordered platters of sushi totaling a few hundred rolls, which they delivered to our building and had neatly arranged them in serving trays. Attendees LOVED the sushi and I was really satisfied with the service overall - I would recommend it to other that are looking for alternative catering options in the city!We love this place and if you're in the area or live nearby you MUST try it. 
Service is great, the quality is wonderful and we even used them for a cocktail party catering.  They provided an excellent tray which disappeared from the table very quickly.  
Vegetarian options were also excellent. 
We really appreciate having them there and wish them much success in their business.  
Keep up the great quality and customer service!Ordered a fire dragon roll and kani salad for delivery. They were prompt and the order was correct-- that's the end of the positives. The kani salad was tasteless (and way too large...) and the second roll I bit into had some kind of bone/sharp object that cut my tongue. I called and they could "only provide me a credit". I don't think the hostess was so scatterbrained that she actually thought I'd order from here again, so I was essentially jipped. Uncool.My take out on Sunday night took almost 2 hours!!!! It was ridiculous, I ordered at 3:50pm and didn't get my food until almost 5:40pm. They're receiving 2 stars because they did call to apologize about how late it was but by the time I received my sushi the spicy tuna was inedible as it was warm and mushy by that point, the "sex on the beach" roll was just okay. I will never order from here again, waste of $25 :(Not a huge fan of this sushi place. They charged for the tea (which was served with teabags instead of brewed loose leaf green tea), the decor was strange (a poster of a blond, green eyed, white model holding a samurai sword with sushi on it was on the wall), and the sushi was very sloppy (served with the seaweed pulled apart, shaped crookedly rather than circular, rice falling out of the roll). It was also quite expensive for the poor quality. We will not come back.Decent sushi but the price is double of what I expected.Very great sushi!  I ordered online and asked for parts of my rolls to be changed for other fish and it came right.  The raw salmon/tuna tastes very rich and does not taste like low quality.  I have also been here indoors/outdoor areas and it is beautiful.Just tried the happy hour lunch deal; 2 rolls of sushi with a miso soup for $9! Can't beat that! 
Sushi was fresh and yummy. I ordered the eel avocado roll and New York roll. What I loved about their sushi was that there was more filling than rice. I don't care for sushi that is too heavy on the rice and skimpy with fish and other fillings. 
Yummy sushi didn't disappoint!! I'll be back for sure. 
Not sure what the dine-in experience is like there since I only ordered takeout. But it says it's byob so might have to try that option.  :)I eat here all of the time and I think it's affordable, convenient and there lunch specials are amazing. 
Today (sadly), I found a hair in my salad.
If you are the employee who is tossin' up the salads, please pull your hair back or wear a hairnet. There's nothing worse than having to toss food because there'a hair in it.More like crummy sushi. Ordered the avocado mango roll and the description on seamless says nothing about mayonnaise all over it. When it comes there is mayonnaise all over it and I don't eat mayo. I contact seamless and they contact this terrible restaurant and they refuse a refund. Then they block me from writing an honest review on seamless "skipped" - don't do it. Even the delivery guy was a jerk. They don't care about their customers.Really good lunch option - two rolls (8pc each) + miso soup for less than $10. Great sushi for a great price.Decent sushi lunch special if you work in the area. They have a good lunch special where you can get two or three rolls (from selected list), or a chirashi bowl, or a sashimi plate for under $15. 
Usually can get a table right away during the lunch rush. Sometimes service is slow so you have to aggressively flag down the wait staff.
They accept credit cards.The worst sushi in Philadelphia. Just a regular run of the mill selection of over price and over expensive sushi that you can get elsewhere for half and better tasting. The service is one of the worst. Stay away from this place there is a reason why they are always empty.I think the prices are fairly reasonable for Center City. Complaints are 1) the place always smells like dead fish when you walk in. A sushi restaurant should never have a fish smell permeating the restaurant. 2) Problems communicating. I asked if the sushi rolls contain whole fish pieces or little minced pieces and they could not understand me. 3) sushi rolls constantly fall apart because they're cut on one side. They're not actually rolls.  They're like strips trying to be rolls.   When you pick up the sushi roll it unrolls into a sushi strip.Placed an online order for lunch today where the estimated pickup time was 12:04.  Didnt leave until 12:46 which is unacceptable.  Learn to manage your times on the website/app and dont lie to customers.  I risked being written up at my job due to how long I waited around.
The lunch special looked like someone threw it in the container (picture of sushi posted is from my original review, not today) and the gyoza were flabby, not crispy, and totally cold.  
Your wait times are always inaccurate but this was terrible.  Sorry to say but you lost a customer.My family and I have never been to philly before so it was kind of a struggle finding good restaurants to dine at. Thankfully, everything in philly seems to typically be in walking distance, so, after we explored the Christmas Village, we walked to Yummy Sushi after finding it on Yelp. The Love Boat Sushi for 3 was actually really large and satisfied all 4 of my family members! The only downside was that they charged us for the hot green tea without telling us. Still, they offer a 10% discount on your first check-in so that softened the blow.Avocado was dark brown and black on all the sushi ordered. Inedible and very unfresh!Average sushi place in Center City but I'm happy with their services. They have either a Happy 2 roll or 3 roll lunch special for $8 or $11 respectively, doesn't come with Miso Soup. I've also ordered their delivery, and they've been on time each time I've ordered from there, and the times I order take out it's always been ready when i arrive.
Their miso soup, like many sushi restaurants around here is so skimpy. There's very few tofu and very few seaweed which I always find ridiculous, since both honestly cost pennies to make.I have honestly given this place a chance after chance after chance. My order is usually messed up or extremely late. This time I ordered a sweet potato roll and it was just tempura, not even the vegetable. The rolls were rolled sloppy and fell apart. 
Do not waste your time or money here.Awful service and rude staff. Asked to be seated outside and waitress complained that she had to walk out into the cold. Then took 20+ minutes and never checked back outside. There were 3 people in the restaurant. I know now why it always looks like a ghost town inside. I went against a friends advice and immediately regretted it.Tried this for dinner tonight on a whim. The sushi was actually very good, fresh and prepared properly. I split the yummy sushi combo with someone and it was more than enough food for a great price.
I love that they have a brown rice option and their seaweed salad was delicious - not too oily and once again it tasted fresh.
Service was polite and attentive. Also a big plus that it's BYOB! I don't usually post reviews but this place is new and doesn't seem to be getting much attention - figured I'd bring to light that it's actually a great place for either dinner or lunch (their lunch specials are a steal). I'll definitely be back.This was a way nice little sushi restaurant with excellent stuff. The sushi was amazing and it was very decently priced. I would definitely recommend this little Susie shop for any occasion.A really enjoyable new sushi place slightly hidden away on JFK Blvd.
Our group of 5 had an outstanding set of appetizers -- the octopus salad was great; the tuna tartar got rave reviews; and the basic salads were an excellent value.  The tuna pizza may not be for everyone, nice flavors, but I didn't entirely enjoy the "crust" of tempura.
We ordered a bunch of sushi, including the Love Boat for 2 and the Angry Lobster roll.  All very fresh, nicely prepared, and delicious.  At a total of about $30 a person, it seems a good value -- it's BYOB.Good fresh sushi. I was in town on business and yelped this place. They has a 20% off which was honored so gave them a try.Your typical sushi place, but has a good location. Pretty good amount of filling in the sushi, but some items taste a bit lower quality than I would hope for the money. Other items are so-so. Fine if you're in the area, but I prefer Vic by quite a bit, and it isn't that far away.Ordered via GrubHub - it's what we call "midnight sushi" it's alright quality but still good flavor to it sushi. It's the sushi you get at midnight since nothing else is open. We called and asked them for extra spicy mayo and they didn't give it. We have to use one half filled container for 20pc of sushi.I eat quite a bit of sushi, and I'm usually pleasantly surprised when I try a new place. Unfortunately, this time it was a miss. Although the delivery was nice and quick, the food didn't measure up.
First, the miso soup was overly salty and mostly broth. I barely got through half before giving up. I ordered both the Alaska roll (salmon, avocado, cucumer) and the spicy tuna roll. The salmon was chewy and "fishy" leading me to think it's not fresh. Bummer. The spicy tuna was okay, but not very spicy. Even with wasabi in the soy sauce, I barely felt a kick. The rice surrounding both was mushy in appearance and texture. I also decided to treat myself to some strawberry mochi. It tasted good, but covered in freezer burn inside the package. Couldn't even seem to get pre-packaged food right? 
Sadly, I don't think I'll be ordering from Yummy Sushi again.Y'all this place is bomb. I ordered two seaweed salads thinking one wouldn't be enough and they do not skimp on the seaweed salad. I only ended up eating one and will have the other for lunch tomorrow. I'm excited to order more food from them. And can't believe the free delivery!! And fast! Can you say new fav takeout spot! Will have to try the sushi and other items on the menu and leave another review! Enjoy!If you walk-in in on a Sunday night with one seated customer & 10 minutes goes by, after you're seated, & no one has bothered to even say hello. You get the feeling you are not important as a customer. A regular came in ordered take out & left after advising us on what to order. Still nothing from server. The take out phone seemed to get plenty of attention. So we walked out. After roughly 5 + minutes I started the timer on my phone. So saying ignored for 10
Minutes is an understatement. 
 I wouldn't risk the rudenessI'm torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars. Perhaps I'd rate it 3.5 stars. 
If you're hungry and are craving sushi, the $8 sushi combo deal comes with a good amount of food for the price - 2 rolls (or 16 pieces) and a miso soup. They also have a $12 combo that comes with 3 rolls. The service was friendly and quick, and the seating area looks modern and clean. Also, the rice to filling ratio was great - a thin rice coating with a lot of filling. 
I definitely wasn't hungry enough for the $12 combo. The $8 combo was actually pretty filling. I had a spicy tuna roll and a spicy yellowtail (with crunch and apples) and both tasted good overall, but neither was spicy. In addition, although nothing tasted fishy, the fillings did not taste extremely fresh either. 
This place wouldn't be my first choice for sushi, but its lunch combos definitely offer good value, if one were more concerned about amount of food than quality. I'd probably come back to try their specialty rolls, which I'm guessing are better than their standard rolls.I live very close to Yummy Sushi so it makes for a quick pop in and grab lunch spot. I ordered the lunch special which was 2 rolls and soup. The sushi itself was ok, the miso soup was basically water with a bit of flavoring. With so many sushi options in center city, there are a lot of other spots I'd like to hit before circling back to Yummy Sushi.Since this place is close to my job, I usually stop in every other friday to pick up lunch.  Their al a Carte menu is expensive but their 2-3 roll + miso soup lunch special isn't too bad.  Its average sushi and less expensive than the place in the comcast center.
The wait times they post when you order online are inaccurate.  Usually I wind up waiting inside about 5 mins on average after the posted pickup time.
The sushi isnt terrible but if you're looking to satisfy a quick craving during your lunch break, this place is sufficient.  Just plan accordingly if you place a pick up order.Visiting Philly with Stella (my pup), staying at the new Four Seasons around the corner and stopped by for a quick lunch. The sushi was definitely yummy and would recommend it to those sushi lovers and pet owners that would like to sit outdoors. 
Was enjoying my meal thoroughly forgot to take a pic. ;)I come to this place a lot for lunch with my coworkers and boyfriend occasionally for dinner. The sushi is good quality, and they have unique speciality rolls. I'm always satisfied with my meal! If you order online expect it to be a 40 minute wait. Prices are also very reasonable!I went in and had the 3 roll lunch special told the person taking the order that I would be eating here so I sat down to wait for my food as my food came out they brought it to me in a bag then another lady came out and said I couldn't eat inside I would have to go sit at the outside tables,it was a nice day but someone else just finished eating inside.When asked I asked why she said I should have told them that I wanted to eat inside,bottom line is service I received for my 1st Time was the worst but maybe it was a because I didn't express that I did ask to eat in to the other person but I should have to the way she said it was the worst for an employee or Business owner to talk to a paying customer.Oh and the sushi was not that good I have the New York and it was horrible also had the shrimp tempura and that was good and I had the California spring roll and that was just like a 3 out of 10How absurd is it that I preordered and paid for my food and it never came  also what oriental food place doesn't have wonton soup but has miso 
Still hungry advocateTHIS PLACE SUCKS - DONT WASTE $$$$$
Every time I order online there's a problem. They charge $1 for a half filled tiny cup of sauce. And half the time they forget to put what you order in your bag. WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAINI live nearby and frequently order take out from them. They are very quick, have never gotten my order wrong, and the staff is super nice. Their lunch roll special is always a solid choice and the quality of their fish is pretty good. I would highly recommend their tiger roll and pink lady roll.Do not come here if you have had good sushi before because it will be very disappointing. This deserves less than 1 Star. Very unsatisfied with my lunch order. I'm not sure how the reviews were raving over their sushi because mine was not good. I took a few bites of my two rolls (Alaskan and New York) and threw it away because I was afraid of getting sick. The salmon was slimey. The avocado was browning and mush. I'm really disgusted and really hope I don't get sick.Your average sushi joint.
Came here for lunch on a weekday and there was no wait. The waiter was spotty with service. Attentive at times and no where to be found other times.
They have lunch specials here (3 rolls for $11). Miso soup and Edamame is average. 
The sushi rolls were good.
Overall, this is a decent sushi place. I would come back for a quick sushi lunch, but not someplace I'd go out of my way for.Yummy Sushi is a nice and quaint place for sushi. Normally, dine in is spacious and generally quiet to to eat and enjoy your meal. There is additional dining area outside but my friend and I decided to order take out. 
With the fairly large order, it took us roughly 15-20 mins for us to receive our food. Overall, we were satisfied with the quantity, quality, and the service by Yummy Sushi staff. #supportLocalBusinessesMy first experience at Yummy sushi was actually quite, well, yummy.
It was a busy lunch rush, so I sat at the sushi bar and ordered the $13 sashimi lunch special with a choice of salad or miso soup.
Sashimi, to me, is the litmus test for any sushi bar.  Yummy passed!  My plate had 3 slices of 4 fish and all were fresh and good, no fishy odor. Tuna, salmon, and 2 white fish I am guessing were sea bass or fluke. It was not yellowtail. It was not escolar (fake white tuna).
Salad was the standard iceberg with ginger dressing that many places serves. Also fresh, crispy and good.  
I will be back as this place is steps away from my office and relatively cheap.
Yay!How have I not written a Yummy soosh review yet? My go-to delivery sushi. They have great deals and a quick delivery! (I usually order right off Yelp).
Dining in is ok. Located in a strip mall in center city so I wouldn't call this a prime spot for a date or special occasion, but for a casual night out or work lunch it'll suffice. 
They also have a discounted happy hour sushi menu if you dine in during dinner time. 
I'm into this place, for sure...highly recommend.Y'all the TUNA PIZZA IS EVERYTHING. Probably ordered 5x at this point. Have ordered other rolls to round out the meal. This place does not disappoint.This has been my regular lunch place. I usually go for lunch special. Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail or shrimp tempura are my fav sushi rolls. Recently they have updated their way of making these sushi roll and it tastes more delicious. Shrimp tempura they added avocado to it, tuba or salmon they added apple pieces to it. I find it much tastier. The place gets pretty busy at lunch so you want to go early by 11.30 or late after 1-1.30 if you don't want to get caught in line.