Red snapper is a great litmus test for any sushi connoisseur. The skin should be left on, but it should be flash boiled (skin only) leaving the flesh raw and delicious. Zama did get this right.  it is a technique that takes some care to achieve. 
I was not able to really try the whole sushi experience , as I was with a large group of people ordering rolls.  What I did eat was good, and is worth another visit if I ever get back to Philly.All my friend we raving about this place, i had to go check it out. 
Not bad,,,,
 i ordered miso soup, a little salt, but good
Kaiso seaweed salad, gotta have a seaweed salad, very nice.  
Bronzizzle, ehhh... i was a little disappointed, it was a really messy roll, it kept falling apart and drenched in soy sauce, very salty. however, their sashimi was excellent, it very fresh. i liked.I went here for restaurant week for my anniversary. The service and ambience was great. Every course, from the salad to the sushi to the salmon, was fantastic. The location (Rittenhouse Square) is always nice.Good food. Small portions. Pricey. Horrible service. I should not have to wait 20 minutes for knife and fork so I can cut my now cold short ribs. The waitress also forgot to write down half the things I ordered. I won't go back.yum!!!! my favorite sushi joint in philly... im still salivating over the thought of the delicious and meticulously made sushi. i came for lunch, so i can only speak about my lunch experience. 
my favorite roll was the shrimp and eel fiesta roll. it was such a powerful kick to add a little mexican twist to sushi. the lunch sushi and nigiri special was good. the hand rolls are really spectacular because they are wrapped in this non-seaweed wrapper. i want to say it is soy based but i am not sure. i think the roll and the hand rolls were the best.  one of the handrolls was alright, but the other two was very flavorful (one of the good ones was the spicy tuna).  and this place has low sodium soy sauce (yay!) i hear the cod is amazing, but ill have to try that next time!
the decor was beautiful! minimalist and clean, yet the place did not feel cold or uninviting.I had a major sushi craving this week and decided to indulge on payday. I got the maki combination lunch special with the salmon and avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail, jalapeno, and mango roll.  While they were all very good, the yellowtail, jalapeno, and mango was a standout-- a great mix of flavors and the jalapeno lent some crunch and heat.  I also appreciated that the spicy tuna was a whole piece of fish, rather than the finely chopped fish combined with spicy mayo that you get at some other places.  Yes, it was more on the expensive side (especially for a lunch), but I understood it for the quality of the fish.  I'd definitely come back.I brought my boyfriend to Zama for his birthday dinner and we were pleasantly surprised by not only the delicious food, but also by the service and fair pricing. We started with the pan seared pork dumplings, followed by an array of sushi rolls, and finished with their "mini desserts" which allows you to pick 3 options for $12. How awesome! We tried the salted caramel mochi which is imported from Japan, their tofu beignets with chocolate and caramel dipping sauce, and the salted dark chocolate mousse. We were stuffed before dessert came out but had to finish every bite. And the cocktails were to die for! I tried the Japanese 75 with sake, vodka, and St Germaine and drained every drop. 
Our waitress, Fedra, was so sweet! Knowledgeable about the menu, quick service, suggested her favorites, and overall very pleasant and kind. 
Will absolutely be back.Oh, Zama - you truly rock my sushi lovin' world.
Tonight I dined alone but was still treated well (thank you!) as I sat at the 8 chair sushi bar and watched the chefs work their magic.
A single negi-chu-toro hand roll was buttery perfection.
A $28 (7 piece nigiri) of market specials was delicious and 5 of the 7 fish I had never tried or never even heard of.  All delicious.
Perfectly marinated ikura (salmon roe) - although for $5.00 a piece - the portion was very tiny.  (Like 18 eggs or so.  Come on, guys!)
And for "dessert" 2 perfect slices of house-made tamago (none of that frozen garbage here!).
Domo! Domo!
I am infatuated (once again) with Zama.  Decor is Zen, sleek & lovely.  (Look up to see the giant Koi above you.)
$60 including tax 'n tip (no alcohol) is pretty steep though.  My husband may freak out on me.  It also underscores what a GREAT value Doma is and how high-priced Morimoto is.  (Zama is right in between.)Love their cod fish, very special and yummy. The sauce is sweet but good, the fish skin is crispy. 
I m not crazy about Their dessert,too little.This is by far one of my most favorite dining experiences. I've had sushi of all caliber, from $7 rolls in midtown Manhattan, to $200 prix fixe tasting menus. I was super surprised as the quality of the food and the exceptional service. 
I really wish I got the waitress' name. She was blonde and I believe I overheard her saying she's been at the location for over a year. Well, she was probably one of the most exceptional servers I've ever had.
As for the food: The sushi was fresh, well prepared and delicious. I am not the sushi eater that drenches his food in soy sauce. I enjoy the subtle flavors of fish and the sauces as prepared by the chef. So, with that in mind, I have to admit that the balance in flavor profiles of the dishes that I had ordered was quite exquisite.. We had ordered the Branzizzle Roll, which had a nice citrusy flavor that really brings out the branzino used in the roll. The drinks were top-notch too. 
Please, if you are ever in the city of Philadelphia, you have to come here and try this place.Mediocre service, mediocre food (Americanized sushi and rolls: lots of deep fried stuff, sauces overwhelming the delicate fish), pretty pricey. The only redeeming factor was that the fish was not fishy. Enough said. Not coming back.Within the Philadelphia area, it's not bad, but I've been spoiled eating much better. The prices are on par for 'good' sushi, but I would sooner point my car in the direction of NYC to eat really killer chirashi.Zama excels in nearly all aspects of the dining experience. The are at the top level of restaurants because of creativity in each dish.  The combination of flavors achieves excellence, especially in a dish like the Black Cod Dice. As our fantastic Steve put it, "The bitterness of the endive, the savory cod, and the acidity of the pickled vegetable creates a fundamentally perfect dish."
Service was truly stellar.  I was having a particularly indecisive evening.  After a few quick questions, Steve took our menus and then proceeded to bring out an array of dishes that highlighted complex flavor profiles, complimented each other, and perfectly satisfied our desires.  Another favorite was a jalapeno tuna roll, topped with crab. Each dish had brought different flavors and textures together in a culinary delight.
For drinks, there is a small beer list, a decent sized cocktail menu that is well thought out, and an extensive wine list. One beer, Japan's Asahi, is on draft.  For dessert, don't miss the fried banana spring roll.  Sounds a little weird, tastes awesome. 
Bottom Line: Maybe I'm being a bit over zealous. But when service and food are this good, it's hard not to rave.  Zama goes beyond the desire to have a good meal.  Eating here is a true experience, and I am already anticipating my next visit.I went for restaurant week last night, and it was pretty decent. 
Atmosphere: cozy, get used to hearing other people's conversations, once it died down, it was better. 
Staff: have to admit, this was the most disappointing.. our waiter couldn't seem to get anything right. My boyfriend ordered the miso soup, and got a salad, so we sent that back, then someone else's dinner came to my table, and we had to send that back (turns out it was for the table next to us) and our waiter kept saying, "oh i must have misunderstood".... but the guy wrote it all down, so i'm not really sure if he was having an "off" night or he was just swamped. 
Food: pretty great actually, house salad was yummy, veggie tempura was great (2 sauces), the maki and sushi combinations were really tasty. I wish i had ordered the sushi combination, i think i would have liked that more, but everything was really good. **the waiter redeemed himself a little when things calmed down and began explaining some of the other delicious sushi rolls, etc, which was nice to learn about**  their desserts were pretty great also. the mochi treat was spectacular. i wish i could eat another right now. 
Drinks: didn't get any, but they seemed a little overpriced, it would be great it this was a BYO spot. 
Overall: i'd definitely go to this place again, despite the not so great service, because i'm intrigued by the different types of rolls they have, it was easy to get to, parking wasn't difficult in the area (street or lot). there seemed to be a lot of theater and comedy spots so maybe a show and sushi?I love this place. I had never even heard of it when a friend invited me for dinner there recently. We got the soft-shell crab appetizer...phenomenal. The sushi was the best I've had in the city so far. I love sushi, had recently moved here and had been searching for a place that's up to par with the favorite restaurant I left behind. Zama definitely takes the title for best sushi in Philadelphia. It is a bit pricey, but I thought well worth it.Delish. Brussel sprouts, steak, sushi was delish but small. Would def recommend.I am new to the area and have not tried many Japanese restaurants, but I believe when you try a restaurant and like it for what ever reason, I go back for that.  I feel that Zama compares to Morimoto's.  Granted Zama does not have the extensive menu items on a daily basis as does Morimoto's, but Chef Zama has the upmost regards for freshness.  I go to Zama now on the regular now and have the omakase everytime.  He got to know my palate and when ever he gets something that I know I would like, he will text me.  Therefore besides the food, which is great, the personal service tops it off.I have been six times now, the last two we did the chef's tasting.  The flavor combinations are amazing, and a little unexpected.  I went a little outside of my usual comfort zone and tried everything that was placed infront of us, and was not disappointed.  
For sushi, the fish was perfectly cut and seasoned with wasabi, the rice was the perfect temperature and preparation.  We had this soft boiled/poached egg with some kind of Uni sauce (sorry, but at this point we were a full bottle of sake in so i don't remember how it was described exactly), but it was delicious.  
The most surprising dish though was dessert.  Too often, sushi houses give you the generic green tea tempura fried ice cream, but here the desserts are worthy of any fine dining establishment.  
Overall, thus is an excellent restaurant for dates and business meetings alike, I can see why they were awarded 3 bells!Wow i am glad that I found this place.
I used to go to Genji in the center city and have been disappointed since it was closed.
This place is a modern version of Genji with more options of rolls. Really enjoyed the meal.I just love coming to Zama. Bento lunch boxes are delicious and inexpensive. My favorite is  bbq eel, it comes with the best miso soup around and tossed spring salad. Not sure why they change they bronzizzle, it used to come with a slice of hot chilli pepper on each roll, now its just sprinkled with hot sesame oil, and its not the same.
all in all a great place with nice atmosphere, great decor, beers are great as well, service is consistent (i have literally lunched there like 20 times),
will try for dinner!Best sushi I've had in Philly and have tried quite a few over the years. Excellent service as well, tuna wasabi, sesame salmon top the list. No need to dip in soy, the flavors are just amazing. 
A little pricy but well worth itLove this place! Great food and wine for very reasonable prices. Sometimes the service takes a very long time when they are busy, but it's totally worth the wait. We always get the Hibachi scallops for an appetizer, which are the best scallops I've ever had - they practically melt in your mouth. We also insanely love the brussel sprouts, which I think come with chicken skewers. Their maki rolls are delicious as well.Great sushi. Can't go wrong with this place. I will say it's pretty consistent and you'll love all the rolls. Atmosphere isn't the best as far as size but it's goodI never complain, but Zama was a complete waste of time and money. The food was bland and texturally off -- I couldn't even finish my Dragon roll, despite still being hungry and its $15 price tag. Also we waited 45 minutes to get our very minimal order. Ridiculous.Just went Zama because my sister was raving about it and she is pretty picky. The food was in fact amazing. The NY strip strips were to die for. I recommend trying the strips and the spicy crunch tuna roll.This was my first restaurant to try during restaurant week and I would surely try this spot again for sushi I went for dinner and the fish was fresh as fresh could be.  I had  a salad, the pork dumplings, maki  combo and some of the tastiest desserts ever. Luckily these were bite size otherwise I may have rolled out of Zama.  I did try the cucumber martini which was very light and refreshing. The server was friendly and attentive. The space is nice and tastefully decorated. Parking could be an issue, I found spot around the block in lot.best sushi experience in Philadelphia.  black belt a treat.Aside from the fishy fishy fish smell, it was pretty good!  I think the smell would subside with more people in the restaurant.... I ate at an odd hour of lunch with close to no one there.  
The sushi was good for Philadelphia standards, which kind of means nothing.  It satiates, I guess.  The prices are good for lunch.This is not somewhere I would go just to have "sushi". Make it a special occasion and be prepared to spend the $$$ to try the good stuff. 
I went for a friend's birthday dinner and the moment I saw that the chopsticks were set horizontally Japanese-style I knew it was going to be good. The menu was really creative and everything we tried was both unique and delicious. 
A few comments on food we tried:
- Bronzizzle - both delicious and well portioned. 
- Hamachi Tataki - a very small portion for the price, but so rich in flavor. The hamachi just melts in your mouth. 
- House tofu - the mushroom sauce that came with the house tofu was amazingly savory, and the silky tofu cooks at the table! 
- The desserts were great too, and you get to try three different ones for $10. 
Overall I was really impressed with the food, and the service was attentive. Next time I'm ready to seriously splurge I would definitely consider Zama.my favorite sushi in the city. it is so expensive and it is so good!!! I go here for delicious, fresh, melt in your mouth sushi. if you want something else...well I am sure it will be good. The chirashi bowl with spicy rice? OMG so amazing. you won't regret it if you go here!I wish I could understand the hype for this place. I was expecting so many wonderful things from Zama and after leaving, I couldn't think of anything that was mind blowing or even satisfactory. The restaurant itself is small - you will def need reservations. The restaurant is pretty noisy especially if you are by the kitchen (which many tables are). Food took FOREVER to come out so they offered us a free appetizer complimentary which they picked. I appreciated the effort but this must have been the most horrible appetizer I've ever had. Specialty rolls were disappointing and strongly lacking any kind of taste - or trying far too hard to merge different tastes together. I will never go back - there's plenty more sushi restaurants with better service and fresher, more tasteful rolls.First let me say that I love love love good sushi- (No california rolls or spicy tuna for me).  I went to Zama for a sashimi lunch and was pleased to see items such as bronzino and kinda blue tuna.  However, the sashimi was paper thin and for $5.00 a piece, with a two a piece minimum, it was not worth it.  The bronzino was slimy and not very good.  I don't mind spending money for sushi (can you say Sasabune in NY), but I was very disappointed in Zama.  And I'm not just whining!!!I was ready to give Zama 5 stars until we got our bill.  The experience and food were great, but I'm not sure the price the was right.  
First, I want to give a shout-out to our server, Brian.  He had an encyclopedic knowledge of the menu, and a great personality and demeanor to boot.
The highlights were the kurubota pork dumplings, Zahav roll, and the bronzizzle roll.  The dumplings had an awesome taste of ginger that I wasn't expecting.  The creativity of the Zahav roll was really cool to bear witness too, and it tasted amazing as well (especially the creme fraiche).  Lastly, the bronzizzle roll blew me away.  I could taste it before it hit my tongue, and really thought the citrus taste matched the texture perfectly.
I probably don't understand sashimi, but the sashimi combo (black belt) we ordered left something to be desired.  The texture of the albacore was the shining star, but the other 8 pieces were just OK.  
I would definitely come back here, and recommend it to anyone.  I just may order more rolls next time and less sashimi/small plates (might be a better deal).  Overall, pricey but definitely worth a try.I'm torn between giving this place a 4 or 5-star rating.  I don't like to dine in because I'm not a fan of the decor (light wooden planks everywhere is not a pretty sight), but because I live so close, pick-up works just fine for me.  One of my favorite rolls is the spicy crunchy tuna roll ($7) and the chirashi (which is slightly overpriced at over $20 but will surprisingly fill you up).  The sushi is always fresh and delicious and the different sushi and sashimi combos are all great.  Sometimes when I call, they say they're not doing take-out because they're too busy which is a bummer, but they can set their own rules.It makes me sad to write this. 
Zama has been on my list of dining favorites in the city of Philadelphia.  (Ny & la) much of my time is spent.  
Im not going into details, of all my disappointments, the List is to long, and I know that chef/owner must be aware.  
I'm sure this must be rooted in money issues.  
Close the other place!!!  or ask one of your wealthy regular fans for a helping hand, because they all sit at your tables.  
PLEASE BRING BACK MY ZAMAStill my favorite sushi place in the city but can struggle with consistency. Reasonable corkage, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and a fun, modern, yet somehow intimate-feeling ambiance make this place a winner aside from the food. Best fish selection you'll find outside of Manhattan, and a great saké list. A definite winner.After  relocating to Philadelphia a few months ago, my husband and I decided to check out the new Japanese sushi house some of my co-workers have been raving about.  We walked in on a Monday night to find the place almost empty.  My first thought was that my co-workers might have no idea what they are talking about, but it turns out they were MORE than just right!!!  I have to admit  It has been awhile since we have had such an amazing dining experience and though we don't typically post foodie reviews, our trip to ZAMA is worthy of internet praise (:
We sat down in a warm and cozy booth and  were greeted in seconds by our friendly  server Jennifer who knew everything there is to know about the menu items. We were given stellar recommendations without even having to ask and she was more than happy  to cater to the food restrictions my husband must adhere to by orchestrating a yummy combination of rolls for him to enjoy! Though I wasn't drinking my husband did try out one of the many sakes they have to offer and was very impressed!   The wine list is sensational and the cocktails appear to be very tasty!!  I can't wait to try all of them!!!
Be sure to look up at the ocean swimming on the ceiling..it had me in a trance the whole time!!
 What to try when you visit: The sustainable Blue Fin tuna and a charity roll called" The Justice" It not only was beautiful, innovative, and delicious but the money you throw down for this combination of flavors goes toward an amazing charity for children.  
We are so excited to have such an amazing Sushi spot right in our neighborhood and I can't wait to go back and try out some of the other items Zama has to offer!!!  When you go..ask for the girl with the tattoos..she is very helpful and lots of fun!!Best sushi spot in the city.  Superb quality, never any "fishy" tastes.  Everything is great, if you're lucky and the sushi chef offers you a special--take it!!
By the way - they do a fantastic job with both large and small parties, I've been to group parties here several times in the back room & it's always been fantastic and seamless service.
Special shout out for the awesome Sake Sangria & Blackberry Ginger cocktails.This restaurant is one of the best in Philadelphia.  My first time there was an amazing and rewarding experience as it came highly recommended by my Chair of the Department I was working for who is a Chef as well.
I was excited and totally overwhelmed with the level of innovative and creative offerings starting with the appetizer menu.  My friend who went with me and who had very little exposure to this level of sushi artistry was totally blown away on the first course so much that they insisted I continue to order for the rest of the evening.  It was like being a little kid in a great toy store being teased by all the possibilities wanting to try them all.  This IS NOT your average sushi joint by any means.
Please be aware of the cost factor if you are on a budget as the menu selections are reflected in the pricing.
I have to also include my server who was an outstanding representation to this great restaurant. She was a theater major student whose personality was a great addition to our experience with a very outgoing personality and ability to know how to keep her tables happy.  KUDOS to her.....This was the best sushi I've ever had.  WOW!
For comparison, I've had sushi in DC, Northern Virginia, and at that really expensive place at the Bellagio.  This was better than all of them.
The Tuna tasted like fresh ocean (not like nasty ocean).  Some sushi rolls looked like works of art and tasted even better.  We will be back to Philly and definitely come back to Zama!Came here for restaurant week, so may not have had the most adventurous items on the menu, but was quickly disappointed.  Sushi was boring, small, and not very flavorful.  I'd honestly prefer Mizu over this any time, and Mizu is like 1/2 the price.
Also - clean your bathrooms!My favorite sushi places in Philly!! 
I highly recommend Black Belt sushi and sashimi combo. The fish is super fresh and yummy. There're many impressive rolls too. Vetri Roll is my favorite. Even the Maki rolls, which are usually simple and nothing special at other restaurants, are creative and tasty.
It gets a bit crowded at 8-9 pm, but waiters and waitresses are attentive.This was a tough rating (debated between 3 and 4, ultimately a 3.5 becomes a 4). On the one hand, the service was great (both the hostess and waiter were very friendly and extremely informative; the waiter put for a great effort to upsell, without coming across as pushy), the atmosphere was comfortable and cool (I also liked that they provided non-wood chopsticks, placed on a holder, and replaced out plates with every app/starter/dish we had) and the location was convenient (close to the office/hotel we were staying at). 
Furthermore, I must say the miso soup rates as one of the 2 or 3 best miso soups I've ever had (only complaint is that it was too small!) which is a great compliment for something so commonplace as miso soup - it's hard to stand out from the crowd. Their dumplings were decent - not as thicky/doughy as traditional gyozas, but a bit thicker than Chinese dumplings. The waiter actually described them quite accurately so I cannot fault him/the restaurant for that. 
As for the sushi - we split the sushi/sashimi regular combo (great size for 2 people, but wildly overpriced) and had the middle eastern hand roll (4 small hand rolls with falafel and tzatziki sauce). As a middle eastern cuisine connoisseur, I must say their falafel was quite disappointing (definitely soft and easy to eat, but not crunchy and lacking substance as traditional falafels have). I guess you can't fault them too hard for screwing up a dish from a cuisine in which they aren't pros, however if it's on the menu, you better rock it. Their hand rolls were quite nice and light, but for the price it was lacking. 
On the negative side, the price was a bit outrageous for sushi (but the area is overpriced to begin with, and since the company paid, I didn't bat an eye). The sushi, while tasting average, was cut quite thinly and lacked substance. The wasabi, soy and ginger were fine, nothing to separate it from any other sushi joint. 
We skipped dessert, but it looked like standard fare, although their tasting menu seemed intriguiging, especially because it gets a bit cumbersome when eating 1 single large dessert when what you really want it to try bit of multiple desserts, so I appreciated that. 
Coming from New York, where sushi is abundant, high quality and comes at a great price, I cannot justify paying for this place out of my own pocket. Perhaps my standards have been set too highly. 
All in all, I'd come here again if on a business trip and wasn't paying for it. Definitely worth a try, at least once.This restaurant, it seems to me, is very much over-rated. I hate when reviewers have very specific complaints that seemingly would only bother that type of person so my final opinion of the place discounts my boyfriend's bizarre and extreme reaction to some unwanted spice in a sushi. I will, however, complain about the unusually long wait for sushi between plates. The pork fried dumplings were nothing special, but the Rittenhouse Three rolls were--Exceptionally fresh fish with flavorful fruits and sauces. My Rainbow Roll lacked flavor. Also, funny story: a couple at the far end of the restaurant had a wonderfully looking vertical maki topped with what looked like a stir fried chicken with a dark brown sauce. Delicious! I described what I had seen to our waitress, who asked their waitress what they had ordered. Our waitress was certain it was such-and-such, so we got the such-and-such. That such-and-such arrived 30 minutes later and it was terribly sour (turned out to be the Bronzizzle). I love fish, but I disliked that dish. We try again. It must have been the such-and-such-other-thing. So we get that. Turns out that wasn't what I saw either but I kept my mouth shut. It's too bad the waitress couldn't have figured out from my description what that couple had. The Zahav dish was good, and we especially liked the deep fried edamame balls. We liked the after dinner sake, but, all in all, it was a very mediocre experience.The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because of the service. Otherwise a total zero. The sushi was not as good as what you get in a supermarket, the desserts were tasteless, and the coffee was burnt. I won't be back.Mmmm I was excited to come to this place for some sushi but won't be coming back .
Service : extremely rushed , our waiter pretended to be nice but the whole time I got the sense he just wanted us out of there quick as the rest of the waiters . Food comes very quick and as soon as u r done they are taking your place away.
Drinks : nothing spectacular 
Food: was good , I wished the service was as good so that I would desire to even Come back .
But I'm not going to spend more money on this business who really don't seem to care about customer happiness or satisfaction.I just had dinner at this fine establishment tonight for the first time and I must say I am highly impressed!  Our server was a very knowledgeable and friendly girl who suggested that we try this rare farm raised tuna that they have.  The flavor was like no tuna I had ever had and I am really happy I had the opportunity to experience it.  
Everything was great from the Eel Omelet roll right down to the miso soup.  The menu offers a very interesting take on traditional Japanese flavors with a modern flair.  They offer edamame with three unique salts that give a fresh twist to a traditional crowd pleaser.  We had the wasabi salt and I am excited to try the green tea salt next time I go in. 
The entire experience was so enjoyable.  The entire restaurant makes you feel like you are the only table in the place.  Everyone is very attentive and it  shows in the food.  Even the staff seems excited and proud to be there.  I am so excited to have a reliable sushi restaurant in Philly.  I wouldn't hesitate to say that this place beats any restaurant in New York City and heavily trumps overpriced Morimoto. If I were Steven Starr I would be watching my back!   I can't wait to go back.NOM NOM NOM - holy moly this was fabulous. The decor is beautiful the platings are beautiful and the service was great. My only issue was that I was too eager to show off my chop sticking skill with a steamed dumpling and splashed sauce all over a white work blouse. FAIL. BUT a waitress, who wasn't even ours, saw and brought me clb soda! Bravo Zama, Bravo!!
I got the Rainbow Roll, Sesame Salmon, Seaweed salad and the short ribs app. Things were split but that is everything I tasted and it was super yummy!I went with a group of sushi-loving friends for dinner here and at the end of the night, we all felt we found an excellent, if pricey (but then, that is to be expected with quality sushi) place in Philadelphia.  First, we shared a series of appetizers, all good.  I loved the Kaiso salad, different types of seaweed with tosazu and was equally enthralled by the juicy, flavorful braised boneless ribs and the grilled scallops.  A special treat was the table-cooked house tofu, richly tasting of soybean.  Highly recommended if you love tofu.
Among the main dishes we shared, the miso marinated black cod with root vegetables was very good and the same can be said for the Tonkatsu of Berkshire pork.  It was aggressively fried, with a good amount of fat, a plus in my book, not necessarily for other, more fatphobic eaters.
Now to the sushi.  Both the sashimi and sushi items we ordered that evening were impeccably fresh and superbly cut (the rice for the sushi pieces was also exceptionally good and well cooked).  The sea urchin (uni), kept fresh in salt water, was sweet and creamy.  We tried some rolls, including a unique tuna California roll, all delicious and making for addictive eating.
We did not try the interesting sounding special cocktails but drank across the fine sake list, including a fragrant Nigori and several Ginjo and Junmai varieties.  As a crowning treat, we ordered the Junmai Daiginjo, complex tasting and worth every penny.
A Yuzu Crème Brûlée was all we managed for dessert, it was good.
The room aesthetics are vaguely Japanese (lots of wood) with soaring ceiling of swirly patterns, broken up by shark silhouettes - cool.  The service was attentive and tried very hard to convey a basic knowledge of Japanese food, and of sushi in particular.  
Zama is a fine addition to the burgeoning Philly restaurant scene.I went to Zama late on a Saturday night with a group of about 15.
The decor is simple and clean, but not plain.  The slatted walls and the interesting design on the ceiling set it apart from other restaurants with minimalist decor.
Our server handled our large party with ease.  She was friendly, didn't seem stressed or overwhelmed, and was willing to offer suggestions.  Our dishes came out quickly and were all delivered to the correct person.
My husband and I shared the fried pork dumplings - perfectly uniform, piping hot, crunchy and flavorful.  They were served with a wasabi soy sauce, which was a little spicy for me, but I found it to be an unnecessary flavor addition anyway.  Others at our table split the edamame sampler.  The wasabi salt became the immediate source of conversation.  Of course all the manly men began beating their chests and demonstrating how much of the spicy salt they could tolerate on a single bean pod.
A few at my table decided to share one of the sushi combinations.  It was presented in a huge jade-colored saucer, what my brother-in-law referred to as a "birdbath of sushi."  The entire thing was "chef's selection," but nothing seemed to be too daring; crowd-pleasers like Philly Roll and Crunchy Spicy Tuna Roll flanked the dish, while various pairs of fresh, compact nigiri were scattered between.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the variety.
I decided to go with the Justice For All roll, one of their signatures.  Tempura snow crab wrapped in soy paper, topped with tuna tartare, wasabi mayo and black tobiko provided one of the most perfect unions of flavor and texture I have ever experienced.  Not typically a tobiko fan, I was surprised at how unoffensive the black variety was - tiny, not overly salty, no creepy pop in your mouth.  Like I said: perfect.
I am definitely looking forward to another visit.Went for lunch mid-week. Hostess was not very welcoming. Sushi chef had no personality (we usually sit at the bar expecting some interaction). I asked the server about the Ginger Martini and after he brought it, he did not bother to follow up on how I liked it... it was not good. My wife's cucumber martini was another disappointment. Braised short ribs.... fell short!
All that aside, I'd be willing to be forgiving if the sushi knocked my socks off..... Well, grocery store sushi has better, softer rice than what we experienced. If this place really deserves the ratings it's gotten, then I guess it was my bad luck to come from out of town and visit Zama on the day they dropped the ball.... BIG time!great experience.  food is amazing.  if you don't like to relax and dine, go on the early side.  we found the bartender and our waitress to be as good as they come.  knowledgeable, kind, professional in every way.  and then there's the best fish in philadelphia.  i will be back.I LOVE Zama - the food is just so good and always top-notch in terms of quality. I have been there a couple of times now and eating there always makes me satisfied. The lunch sets are really good for the price too - you get edemame, udon (which was delicious!), salad and a choice of sushi. Definitely a winner for me!I would have given Zama 4 stars, but the service really didn't do it for me. The food in itself was delicious. The main highlights were the Spicy Paiche Tempura, the Bronzizzle Roll and the Vetri Roll. The star of the night though was the Wasabi Tuna roll. Definitely the best thing we had that night. 
Cocktail and Wine Selection is so-so. Nothing to rave home about. 
It's a shame because the food certainly was delicious, but the whole time we were there we felt like we were being rushed. Our waiter was very intense and basically didn't allow us to have a relaxing meal. Because of that alone, I don't know that we will return to Zama. 
For better sushi, I recommend going over to Vic Sushi. Completely different atmosphere (more casual), but the sushi is definitely better.beautiful restaurant and great sushi.  the wasabi lobster is my favorite (lots of lobster on top) and i also love the yellowtail jalapeño mango.  zama is really good with gluten free and is knowledgeable about all of the ingredients in the rolls. i love that i can order a spicy tuna roll and not worry about hidden soy sauce.  the green tea martini is also delicious!I came here twice already and I think the sushi is delicious and would definitely come back for more because of it. The service however, leaves more to be desired. The first time I dined here was during dinner time. My server was pretty aggressive throughout my dinner. I don't think i was ever given an adequate amount of time to choose what I wanted. I am a server myself, and so I am conscious of timing during busy service hours. The second time I came here was during lunch hours and so there were only 3 other diners. The server was not attentive and was also impolite and abrupt whenever addressing anyone at my table. For the prices at this restaurant, I would hope for more quality service. The servers overall will not deter me from coming here again, but it is just a note to keep in my mind when dining here.It was good but nothing outstanding. The rolls have mango or steak in them. Not my type of sushi. I like the fresh fish to be the focus and that doesn't seem to happen here. I Will give them points for their hot food though. That was excellent. I had the short rib which was delicious, and the fries cod in some sort of sauce tasted exactly like bang bang shrimp from bone fish grill (aka YUMMY)! 
Also, the Yuzu Mule is perfect, and the desserts were pretty good (get the banana egg rolls)Was in for a midweek business lunch. Service was almost too fast, but everything was awesome.  Sushi very fresh and server very helpful.  It can get pricey pretty quickly, if  you are on a budget check out the lunch specials.I've had lunch here a few times and dinner for the first time about two weeks ago. At the outset, I prefer it for lunch. The service is quick, which generally suits lunch better than a leisurely do dinner, and the prices are significantly better at lunch for the same food.
I what I remembered our server's name, because he had a sort of dry sense of humor that my friends and I appreciated. He helped us choose a few rolls and appetizers for the table, and when we needed to order more after a first round, he was happy to accommodate and offer additional suggestions. He also steered us toward a different wine than we were originally expecting, which was only mediocre (though perhaps that might have been true of the one we originally were going to choose, too!). Atmosphere is pleasant enough but noisy on a Friday night -- ask for a table closer to the back/away from the bar.
In my mind, Zama is an upscale sushi restaurant on the edge of Rittenhouse Square that delivers exactly what you'd expect for such a place. It's not mind-blowing, but it's a safe pick for any upscale sushi meal (particularly lunch).Always fresh, always delicious, the fish is always cut, cleaned and sliced properly, brought up to temperature by the books. So you get just right temp fish with warm high end rice. No skimping on cheap rice that fills your tummy. The nori is always fresh and crispy.  The fish is always very tasty and full of flavor. Good buyer, great chef who knows what to do to make the food consistently delicious. Lunch deals are very affordable. Dinner is expensive. You get what you pay for. Hard to park though if you're driving in from the burbs. Unless you have rockstar parking karma like me!I've been eating vegetarian sushi for years. I chose Zama to finally delve back into the world of eating meat. What a wonderful surprise! The Spider Roll, Philadelphia Roll, and California Roll were all delicious. We even got a second California Roll. The drinks were a bit expensive - over $30 for two glasses of Malbec and one glass of cheap champagne. The service was also a bit slow. However, I look forward to going back.Always liked this place but since I had the bronzizzle I am looking for opportunities to come here as often as possible. Very knowledgeable staff.The service was great and the food was even better.  Easily the most unique sushi experience I have ever had.  We went all out and ordered one of each of the appetizers and chef special rolls.  Each one was better than the last and each one was especially unique in flavor.  I cannot wait to go back!I've dined at Zama twice and decided to give its Yelp review a go. My first visit to Zama was very positive where we were seated quickly, gorged on delicious maki rolls, and felt that the price was worth the dining experience and food. 
A little over a year later, the experience was a little different.
We stopped in on a weekend evening for dinner. We were seated quickly and ordered drinks before diving into the menu. The damage for a party of three (the bill came out to a little over $110): house salads (perfectly dressed with crisp, fresh mixed greens), hamachi ponzu, akadashi soup (red miso), maki rolls, and sashimi. The fish, overall, was fresh but it wasn't anything special per se in terms of creativity or presentation. Of the maki, there wasn't really anything that impressed us, even for the price.
The atmosphere was trendy with a modern fusion vibe. Well designed interiors, clean, just the right amount of lighting and appropriate noise level. The server was good about checking back with us throughout the dinner, but we got a mixed annoyed and hurried move-it-along-quickly-now vibe that didn't sit well.  
Overall, trendy vibe with an extensive food and beverage offering. But prepare yourself for a pricey meal that may not wow you and slightly disinterested service.It's so gooood. It's not a cheap night- I reserve it for special occasions. But, I also sometimes make-up special occasions so I can go. My favorite things I've had here have been the Verti roll (truffled eel sauce, come on) and the Zahav roll (sushi grade albacore and edamame falafel?!). So creative and fun, but not over the top. I also had a live scallop appetizer once that I still think about sometimes, and the Surfer Roll is amazing. 
Anyone would like this place: from sushi snobs to squeamish fish eaters. And, no matter what they're doing: they do it well. The fish is super fresh and the flavor combos are so inventive.What is going on with sushi restaurants in Philadelphia?  I am looking for a new gem, and keep coming across the a-ok and so-so....  
My hubby and I were in the city catching a movie, and it was a gorgeous summer Sunday early evening - we did not feel like letting the week-end come to an end.  On a spur of the moment, we decided to jump into our fave sushi "dive" near Rittenhouse Square area: alas, it was closed on Sundays...  So we Yelped for suggestions, and came across Zama.  Off we went, less than  5 minutes' walk.  
We sat and perused the menu: asked for a few "spicy" recommendations, but I decided the best way to check the sushi restaurant's worth is to go simple: because with basic maki the chef cannot hide or disguise the quality of the ingredients and work.  So, I went with the spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail with jalapeno and mango; my hubby ordered the spicy trifecta: tuna, salmon and yellow tail, along with a salmon skin roll.  
I won't go too deep into details: bottom line - way too much rice, which was cooked a bit too crunchy for my taste, and too many fillers in the rolls...  The quantity of the fish in proportion to the cucumbers and jalapenos and rice was miniscule - honestly, I could barely taste the essence of the fish in these rolls. It was all very average... dare I say  "supermarket quality", the difference being this was made to order and did not sit in the fridge for hours. 
On the plus side, the service was prompt, pleasant, courteous: everyone from servers, to bussers, to sushi chefs, to hostesses, said good-bye and wished us a nice evening.  
The interior is sleek, modern, clean vertical lines of the light wood wall paneling pair perfectly with the dark door and window trims, and carry the lightness into the depths of the restaurant. The front "room" is the home of the large sushi bar, next to the alcohol bar, with seating at all perimeters.  The middle section is smartly laid out to separate the tables from the servers' busy working area, with a lovely half-round ceiling décor; the upper rear section houses more tables. But the charm of the staff and the ambience of the restaurant cannot compensate for the lack of sushi enjoyment. 
They say you must kiss many frogs before you find your prince charming - same appears to apply to sushi.  How many mediocre sushi do I need to eat before I find the next "WOW"?  Someone, anyone - tell me where the goods are hidden.Favorite sushi place in center city. The Bronzizzle and Wasabi Lobster specialty maki rolls are my favs! Been here many times and never had a dish I didn't like :)Not really sure what all the hype is over this restaurant. It's decent but certainly not nearly as good as everyone says. The service was impeccable, I will say that, but as far as food goes, definitely not all that. The salmon skin rolls were very tough and chewy, and while the veggie roll was served in lovely presentation, it was quite bland.Great service and great food. The servers are very well educated. It is a restaurant that I went already twice.This is one of the rudest experiences I have ever had and even more surprising since the restaurant made the mistake. I ordered pick up for myself and my co-workers, brought it back to the office, only to realize I was given the wrong order. When I called the restaurant, I was treated as if I made the error and was hung up on. When I went back to the restaurant to pick up the correct order, the only person I dealt with and who I assume was the manager (in a suit) remained extremely rude and never apologized. To clarify, he gave me the wrong order and I had to go back because of his mistake and that was how he behaved. Not only did I not deserve this treatment, but the food wasn't worth the aggravation. I will make sure to never go here again and recommend that others not risk the rudeness.Love Zama! Bestest sushi in the city.Clearly, I'm a sushi snob. But with good reason (my parents own a sushi restaurant as well - spoils of the trade, I'm afraid). 
Zama is great. Not too overpriced, a funky space (loved the decor and ceilings), and they have a variety of sushi/sashimi to offer. This includes the toros, as well as the basics. 
Went for date - super fun! Menu selections: 
- agedashi tofu (tofu was delicious, light and crispy, although they give you a huge bowl of ponzu sauce)
- sashimi sampler (hamachi jalapeno, tuna with honey miso glaze) - wish I had more, but it was nice. 
- sushi and sashimi sampler, black belt, which ultimately just means that there was a lot more toro, including that of the tuna, salmon, and hamachi included. 
- yellowtail roll for dessert. 
I thought all of the food was delicious, although we strayed away from the tasting menu, due to my indifference to tempura rolls and things that were included. fish on fish on fish. 
The only sort of downside was that the server wasn't on his A-game that night. It took him forever to just greet us with water. Also took forever, and seemed impatient everytime he came over to the table. However, the food was good, and the sake was cold. Obviously returning for when i need a sushi fix!Great service... Our hostess was the best part of the visit. An extra star for the quality of fish and seafood here but the food was very poor in Flavors n texture!  All I could taste was rice from sushi to hand rolls which masked the beautiful seafood. And it wasn't cheap by any means.I actually really enjoyed myself at Zama's. The host was really friendly and our party of 2 was seated quickly without any reservations. Our waiter was also super nice and friendly. My friend had an allergy to shellfish and dairy and the waiter was VERY on top of making sure what ingredients was used in which dishes. He even cautioned my friend from ordering a dessert because there was some butter used in it and he wasn't sure if my friend could eat it. I've never met a waiter who was so careful and friendly, so I was very impressed. 
The reason why I took off a few stars was because I wasn't really that full after ordering an appetizer, entree, AND dessert. Maybe I'm just a pig so it's my own problem, but I just wish that the portions were a bit bigger, at least for the entree. I got a Nigiri 7, so I knew that it would only come with 7 pieces of nigiri. However, I've worked at a sushi restaurant before and so I just felt like there wasn't enough rice used in the nigiri. Also, they used wasabi to stick the fish to the rice. I know a lot of places do that, but there was a lot of wasabi, and so it was very spicy to me and I couldn't scrape it off because it was inside the sushi!
The service and the presentation of the food was all really great, and my only complaint really is the food portions.I've been here like 6 times in the past year, sampled the sushi and many hot plates and EVERYTHING is good!I really dislike Zama. The restaurant itself is nice and has a slick, trendy feel. The service is slow and a bit inattentive. The sushi is ok-not great but not bad. But for the prices I expect far better food and service. Really feels like you are paying for the location. So if you are able to expense an overpriced underwhelming meal this may be your spot.Super pricey sushi and Japanese food spot in rittenhouse. If you like raw fish, go for it.
3 of us shared an order of the rock shrimp, salmon yuzy, King crab something,  an order of sushi black belt combo, anr s Sashimi black belt combo. With to beers that came out to 130 ish total.
The rock shrimp was okay, but I've had better. The king crab something was definitely good. Not sure if it is worth $24, but it was good.
I'm not a huge fan of raw fish, but the sushi was good i guess.Loved it.  First time and would go back.   Great fresh sushi.  Had some awesome rolls.     Nice menu good prices and great serviceI really enjoy the ambience and the service here, no doubt. The waitress was seriously one of the best and accommodating waitresses I have ever had. Although, I was not impressed with the food at all. This was my 3rd time here. The big eye tuna tartar is nothing special at all for $28. I wasn't even impressed with the mixed green salad - the ginger dressing is usually the best part and it was nothing to rave about. My sashimi was good but the portions just don't match the prices. I enjoyed the brussel sprouts but they were simply sautéed. There are just way better places in the area I'm sure.Zama is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. They have a great menu, though it's pricey, it is certainly worth spending a few extra dollars on your meal. My favorite thing to get is the calamari salad, it has great flavors, the calamari is in a tempura style and you could share it if you wanted, but after one bite you'll be hooked. The food comes out as it is ready. They also have the second best sushi I've had too.