I love this place. The staffs always awesome. They're always quick. The food is amazing no matter what you get. Definitely my go to place in the neighborhood.This place is exactly what it tries to be: a place for relatively cheap food that can surprise you sometimes.  Since I spend a lot of time studying at Starbucks I've had quite a few meals here, usually pizza/sandwiches, and they were also decent.  The pizza is pretty good for the Philly area, the sandwiches won't wow you but they taste ok.  The service is fine.  The only thing I will have to say is that I saw someone call at 9:45 to place a takeout order and they said they wouldn't fulfill their order since they were closed.  I overheard the customer clearly point out that they close at 10pm (they do, says it right on their door and all the menus), but the woman behind the counter was rude and unprofessional, basically saying "it's too bad."  I would have continued to go here, but not after that.  That says to me the owner is disengaged and hires lazy staff, who knows what's going on with the food if that's what you see?  Going beyond the fact that they weren't honoring their advertised hours, the employee was just miserable to the customer (she's miserable in general, I'm pretty sure she hasn't smiled since before she realized she was destined to spend her life working at a register for a pizza place in Roxborough).  I can go to Bob's diner and get food at half the price and the same quality.I am from South Philly and was spoiled with awesome pizza and other greasy comfort eats. I just moved to Roxborough after a brief stay in media where I found no real pizza places. When you are in the suburbs you're essentially Moses wondering in the desert for a good pizza joint. This place has amazing strombolis/pizza/fries and really good hoagies and other miscellaneous sandwhiches.  I'm still experimenting with other places in the area but I doubt these guys will get bumped from my top spot in the area.Fav. Items: BBQ chicken pizza, mozzarella sticks with extra marinara sauce
Pros: Fast delivery & friendly drivers, the above items, decent prices
Cons: Red margarita pizza was cold & mediocre (the mozzarella wasn't melted at all)
Overall I would recommend it. I'll just stick to the items I know & enjoy.I order from here all the time. This place has the best of everything. Their salads are huge and delicious. The grilled chicken that comes on the top, you could literally take half off and save for another FULL meal. The greek salad is my favorite and they don't do light on the feta (who doesn't love a lot of feta?!) A roll comes on the side and its always warm. The wings from here are great too. Messy when you're at work but totally worth it if you don't mind your co workers seeing you get down and dirty for a few minutes. The pasta is sometimes overcooked but that never stops me from devouring it all - even though its like three portions in one. I haven't gotten anything from here that I dislike. Delivery is super easy as well. You can order right online through their website and even make it so they remember your order for next time. Delivery is quick for the most part and the delivery men are always nice. 
I work in germantown and this is the only place I will order from. 
They have awesome desserts too !Ordered here at least 10 times so far. Food is average at best. Not sure where all these great reviews come from.  Everything we order is extremely bland.  The pizza is not very good at all. The wraps are decent.  Calzones are average.  Everything tastes like it needs salt or something to give it taste. Just got a buffalo chix calzone.  The chic tasted like frozen processed chicken. Ate a few bites and threw it out.  I'm done with this placeI'm from new york so moving to philly never quite found anything that matched up, and id usually just have pizza whenever id be visiting home. but a couple of weeks ago was really craving a good slice of pizza. one of my friends recommended zestos and i decided to come grab a slice. 
it hit the spot! I had gotten a slice of one of their white pizzas and it was so good! I've found my pizza spot in philly finally and will definitely be going back.Return often. Like to order online and pick up. Pizza (slices available), Hamburgers, Grilled Chicken with spinach or broccoli, French Fries.... All good.My go to take away place. The wings are tasty and the wraps are huge. The delivery service is always under the predicted time.This is my boyfriends absolute favorite pepperoni pizza in Philadelphia. Little greasy but good customer service, fast and delicious.I have been going here for over 2 years now and have never had an issue with food or service. They really do an amazing job of being quick and efficient with great customer service. I have tried a decent amount of their menu aside from their pizza from their salads to their burgers to their wings and have always been satisfied. For this areas pizza shop options this one is the best.great food, fast delivery, and reasonably priced. zesto's is the spot if you want good pizza.Zesto has two main things that separate them from the other pizza shops around this area: consistency and friendly staff. It's extremely hard to find a staff that isnt miserable and dirty looking in this area. As for consistency, you could order pizza from Zesto a thousand times and get the same great product each time. I haven't been disappointed yet with any of the food here. When I walk in the staff knows my name and usually remembers the sides I like (ranch with my pizza, extra sauce with my calzone, etc) and has it ready for me. The only desert I've tried is the rice pudding which was amazing. The prices are average for a pizza shop, but usually you get a far bigger portion than you'd get at your average place. If you live in the Manayunk/ roxborough area, Zesto should be the only place you order from, you won't be disappointed.I would give 100 stars if I could! Excellent food, excellent and fast service. Try the meatball parm sandwich!Okay, second attempt.  It was pouring down rain and I needed chicken strips for a visiting nephew.  We ordered a chicken gyro, chicken cheesesteak, the aforementioned chicken strips, and some jalapeno poppers. 
Meh, it was not terrible like the pizza.  It was perfectly edible, relatively fresh, and reasonably priced.  I would eat there again, but it is not destined to become a favorite.I've eaten here twice .. Both times just walked in and ordered. Service is really fast and friendly. Pizza was decent and the salad I ordered was absolutely gigantic! I added grilled chicken and it was literally enough to feed 3-4 people ! Added bonus that they have a parking lot out back !Order 20 boneless wings for pick up. Got there 40 minutes later to pick up the wings was told it would be a few more minutes. After waiting another 20 minutes went back up to the counter and was told oh just a few more minutes. An hour later they called me up for my wings, and they were iced cold. No accommodations for wasting over an hour of my night for cold boneless wings. Very poor customer service.The delivery was extremely fast. They were at my doorstep with in 20 minutes of ordering and believe me when I say it was not a small order. I recommend the calzone.I would have given this rating a 4.5 but tonight they served me an Alfredo pasta with halfway cooked shrimps. I knew something was off when I took my first bite. It was not like all the other time I've had it. Their shrimp Alfredo pasta is my favorite compare to other ones around my area. When I called in to tell them the person who answered the phone were telling me that they are sauteed and not grilled and the person who cooked it is the same person who has always cooked it. Well this pasta I got tonight is taste greasy... The shrimp looks cooked from the outside but the girl told me they were frozen. Obviously they didn't cook well inside. Just bc they look orange from the outside doesn't not mean they are cooked. Ugh!!! So she tells me that they will deliver me a new one but they want the one I have back. What kind of ish is that?!
Got the new one. It wasn't any better. Just taste like old cooking oil mixed with Alfredo sauce and the shrimp was still the same. Gotta be a new cook.. Ive never had it like this before.Always quick delivery, easy online ordering system, and great customer service. Their salads are huge and loaded with chicken! Buffalo chicken pizza and the Fiesta panini are amazing. My go to spot for the past two years. Never disappointed!Very Polite on the phone  and fast delivery. The Food is great!First and foremost let's talk about the prompt delivery! I've never waited longer then 25-30 minutes ever. I order from here frequently and I will say- they never gave me a bad thing to say about them. The food is tasty and the customer service is wonderful. I think they make some of the best wings in this area!Everything that I have ordered from here: buffalo chicken pizza, hot wings, cheesesteaks, mozzarella sticks and salads, have all been very well cooked and delicious.I ordered online, and my food was delivered in under a half hour and the pizza was delicious! I got one cheese pizza, and one pizza with half margherita and half veggie (which is great that you can make such a specific order using the online option). The sauce and the crust were excellent, and the delivery man was very friendly. Will definitely be ordering from Zesto again!I'll keep it simple: 
Delivery is fast, pizza is delicious and huge! Also easy to customize when ordering online. Great for when the bf and I can't agree on one pizza but can agree on 1-2 ingredients so we adjust our halves of the pizza to make one we want!After ordering from many pizza places in the Manayunk/Roxborough area Zesto's has become my go-to spot for pizza, calzones, chicken fingers etc. Their gourmet pizzas are outta this world like barbecue chicken, buffalo chicken, meat lovers & even taco. The online ordering and delivery are legit and super fast. Try them if you haven't already!Zesto is my go to for pizza in the area. I always do pick up because they're so close to my house and it rarely takes more than 10 minutes until it's ready. Would highly recommend!Love the food, but had to take a star off for the delivery drivers! 
The food is great! Zesto is definitely one of my favorite places to get wings from. Their pizzas and Texas burger are delicious!So far everything I've tried tastes good! 
I go to the Starbucks in that shopping center a lot. Zesto's delivery drivers zoom in and out, and have no consideration for others! They leave their cars in the middle of the lot, park them in spaces that are not parking spots, they take up handicap spots with no handicap plate or tag in sight, and they do a terrible job parking! I would be surprised if they all haven't hit a car or two. The spaces are not big, and it's annoying when you have a car zip in and not even attempt to straighten out!!Bland, no taste pork sandwich. Ordered the Italian pork and it was with regular provolone which had no Taste and spinach.  Should be broccoli rabe if it's going to be Italian.  Pork had zero flavoring.  
Mozz fries were ok.Everything we've gotten from Zesto has been a winner. They may be pricey, but I always get at least 2 meals out of everything I order. The thing that is the best is the customer service. they could be 5 people deep at the counter with the phone ringing off the hook and the folks at Zesto are always friendly and kind. That's a rarity in the MYK/Rox area. This will continue to be a go-to place for me and my husband.I've ordered delivery a few times. The pizza was okay, a little dry, not that hot, and a little overpriced for the "higher-end"pizza they delivered.After having ordered from just about every pizza joint that delivers to my house, Zesto has become our go-to place.  We probably order from them at least once a week.  We have sampled just about everything on their menu and the food is miles ahead of the competition (ironically except for their pizza which is a bit bland and the cheese isn't great).  The online ordering is very convenient too, except you can get carried away adding stuff to your order, which runs up the bill pretty quickly.  Otherwise prices and portion sizes are pretty comparable.  Delivery times are about average and their estimates are pretty close.  Please do not change a thing...except for maybe the pizza.4 1/2 stars! Ordered delivery and it came 15 min ahead of time, with the pizza hot and fresh. The crust was chewy and crunchy, not the best crust I've had but definitely a good standard crust. Toppings (pepper, mushroom, pepperoni, onion) were loaded onto the pizza and the sauce was herby and quite delicious. They definitely don't skimp on the toppings!Super fast delivery!!! The salads are big and they put so much chicken on them. Love that you can order online and get it delivered so quickly.Excellent service, huge portions for the price, online customization on ur orders is amazing and quick delivery. Can't say more great things about this place! And you get a free 2L soda with orders above $35! Love!Delicious pizza by the slice. They seem to use fresh products instead of frozen or canned vegetables. The crust was solid and the price was worth it. Two slices became two meals! Couldn't be happier & we can't wait to come backI would have given this rating a 4.5 but tonight they served me an Alfredo pasta with halfway cooked shrimps. I knew something was off when I took my first bite. It was not like all the other time I've had it. Their shrimp Alfredo pasta is my favorite compare to other ones around my area. When I called in to tell them the person who answered the phone were telling me that they are sauteed and not grilled and the person who cooked it is the same person who has always cooked it. Well this pasta I got tonight taste greasy... The shrimp looks cooked from the outside but the girl told me they were frozen. Obviously they didn't cook well inside. Just bc they look orange from the outside doesn't mean they are cooked. Ugh!!! So she tells me that they will deliver me a new one but they want the one I have back. What kind of ish is that?!I've ordered pizza twice here now and I've got to say that it's probably the best Margherita I've had in a long time! I only get a slice each time because the slice is about twice the average pizza place slice and even though it's a speciality slice, the price tag is still only $3.25. This second slice was a bit greasier than the one I got on my first visit; just something I noticed. 
Counter service has been quick both times, even though both times I was in around lunch time. Highly recommend it especially since they don't have a card minimum like most places in nearby manayunk! Plus, as others have mentioned, they do specials like  2 slices and a drink for like $6-7 bucks. Worth a try if you're in the area!I think it's safe to say they have the some of the best pizza in East Falls. Never once has a delivery been late. They're my go-to for pizza delivery.Okie, giving them two stars for benefit of the doubt, but seriously I'm not the pickiest eater and how bad does pizza have to be before I only finish half of my slice?  Zesto bad apparently.  Crust was fine, but the toppings had zero flavor and it was oh so greasy.  Sooo, maybe I was in on a bad night, or I picked the wrong kind of pizza.  I'll give it another go some other time.Great pizza, great food, friendly staff. Best pizza in Roxborough in my opinion. They always have a good selection of slices for walk ins.Best pizza around!  They also have great wings. It only took 15 minutes to make my order and they have a great menu.  Highly recommend!Was working on a job that I could not leave 30 minute delivery was there on time food was great will definitely have them again very nice driverI thought $3.25 for a specialty price was a little steep, but it's like eating 3/4 of a cheesesteak for that price. Their Buffalo Chicken Pizza slice is addictive. If only they put some ranch or blue cheese on it, it would be perfect.After trying a couple different places after moving into the area from the suburbs, Zestos is the best by far and I'm not looking back!
My girlfriend and I love their pizza and my girlfriend loved their wings as well.
Their veggie grinder (which I am a fanatic of and always get them everywhere I go) is phenomenal and I seriously have no complaints.
Fast delivery and the food is always hot and fresh.Consistantly good food.  Some of the best pizza in town.  The Margherita is amazing and their salads and sandwhiches are good too.  Always timely with delivery.All around great pizza place for the area!  Best in manayunk/roxborough.Zesto is considered by most locals as a strong contender for the best pizza in town. I gave them a shot and they fared well for this pizza snob.
I had a couple of slices of pizza with mushrooms, onions and peppers and scarfed down one of their meatball heros which was pretty awesome. For me, the pizza was very good, but not at the level "greatness". The meatball hero (i think you call them grinders here) was exceptional. The meatballs were seasoned perfectly and the sauce was to die for with just enough cheese to not overpower it.
My wife had an eggplant parm grinder that she was raving about all that night, so I think it received two thumbs up.
Their delivery service has proved to be fast and efficient but their online ordering system leaves much to be desired and they do not make themselves available to the larger online ordering services that many already have accounts on.
Zesto is definitely worth a visit or a delivery, it does have some of the best italian food in this area.Being a transplant to Philly from Chicago finding a good slice of pizza was a challenge-  Stumbled into Zestos on my way home one night and was literally floored with how good it is!  The sauce is insane! The cheese and toppings are fresh and delicious. I highly recommend giving this place a try if you have any affinity for good pizza!  My BF loves their Philly cheese steaks as they are literally over a foot long.  Oh and delivery is crazy fast!LOVE this place! Pizza is delicious and pretty cheap, we've also had hoagies and random appetizers from here that were all delicious. Ordered during football sunday and delivery was here in less than 30 minutes. Highly recommend!!I stopped into Zesto randomly on my way home from visiting clients one night. The young woman who took my order (I believe her name was Anna) was helpful and extremely friendly.  I was super indecisive and she helped me pick out a couple of items to take home. I tried their Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak which was to DIE for. I don't know what they put in their Buffalo sauce but it was perfect. Not too spicy and even though it had plenty of buffalo sauce it still tasted like a traditional Philly cheesesteak. I also got their signature Zesto fries which were a meal in itself.  I will definitely be back to visit this gem next time I'm in the area. Five stars for excellent customer service and a neighborhood pizza shop that does the job right!The vegetable pizza was very good, the mozzarella sticks were bad, they had no taste and the cheese was tasteless, cancels each other out. We did not eat the eggplant, it went home with my daughter, so I don't know how was.Awesome pizza place in Roxborough/Manayunk. The pizza crust is great, and they don't skimp on the toppings. The pizza ingredients are fresh and not overly greasy like other local spots. Greek salad is great too. They have a big menu so it's easy to find something you will like, and the prices are pretty fair as well. The guys that work there are always friendly and honest. Highly recommended.I have yet to be disappointed by Zestos. They're typically fast, always delicious, and their portions are huge. Also a huge plus that I live within 20 seconds walking distance, and they have yet to judge my house for ordering delivery most of the time.Really enjoyed everything I've ever had here including pizza and salads.  As for the chicken fingers they were tasty, but also very salty.Just moved to the area, and we absolutely love Zestos. 
We've had the quesadillas, chicken panini, chicken wings, curly fries with whiz (to die for), and their very fresh and tasty margarita pizza. Everything is excellent!
Just wish they were a little more vegetarian friendly.Zest's is our FAVORITE pizza place. Everything we get here is fantastic and delivery is always fast. Their pizza is SO GOOD and their chicken fingers and fries are equally as satisfying. We order from here at least once a week and literally have never had an issue.Tried Zesto for the first time. We had to have second pizza sent back because all the cheese had slid to one side upon delivery. The second pizza that arrived had way too much cheese on it and again had shifted. I can't blame Zestos for the delivery, but overall experience was not good. The pizza probably needs to slightly cool before being run out the door.Delivered in less than an hour
Made with great quality ingredients 
My pizza looked so yummy - took care in their presentationIt was good.  Living across the river, I'm not sure how often we'll go.  I can tell you it's better than any pizza place on the main line, but that would be damning with faint praise.  
As it was the first time, we ordered a 12" plain as one of our pizzas.  The sauce had a very oregano-ish flavor, which we liked.  We also got one of the white pizzas, which was also good.  
The wind sauce had a good flavor, but we wish they were crispier.
If we were local, I think we'd order often.Cheese steaks and fries are very good. Pizza is not so desirable. Staff seems nice. If pizza was better they get a 5.I've been having a tough time finding a pizza place I like in this area.  I tried Zesto's for the first time, and it's better than others I've tried.  Online ordering is very easy.  The delivery was quick.  Just very disappointed to find that all the cheese on my pizza had slid off the pizza into the side of the box. Otherwise, the pizza was good...but that kinda ruined it for me.Good pizza, sandwiches, and salads! I haven't investigated the claim that they upcharge on Grub Hub but I will before I order again.Zesto is great! I highly recommend this place. My friends and I were looking for a delivery spot, and Zesto rises above all the other pizza shops that popped up. We ordered online-- super easy and fast. When I called, the person I spoke to was very friendly and courteous. When the driver called to verify my address, he was super nice as well. When we got our salads, they had a TON of grilled chicken on them...it was awesome! For people who always get screwed in the protein portion of their salad, this is the place for you! The salad was delish, and again, the amount of chicken was phenomenal. Prices are super reasonable as well. I would highly recommend ZestoAlways reliable. Place is clean and food is fresh and consistent. Deducted a star because nothing stands out and they used to have better turkey but seems to have changed a couple years ago.We order from here almost once a week, it is THAT good, and the quality is consistent. They deliver so fast I hardly have time to get the money ready to hand over. We've had everything pretty much. Wraps, pizza, Strombolis, calzones, wings, salads; all very good. Thanks for being awesome, zestos!I was really pleased with the convenience that Zesto's offered. I pulled up the menu on my phone, submitted an order, paid and it was delivered to my house in less than 30 mins! The food was pretty good, although the wings have a sweet BBQ flavor which I wasn't a huge fan of (being from buffalo). We will definitely be ordering from there again; especially on another cold rainy night!I order from Zesto's pretty frequently - about once or twice a week for dinners at work. 
I'm not sure I'd call the pizza memorable but the menu is highly customizable and everything is fresh. The portions are also huge (epic salads!) 
Service is always fast and friendly whether you order delivery, take out, or eat in. 
Definitely a Roxborough staple in my book for reliable pizza. I just wish they were open later (only until 11 pm on Fri & Sat).I used to live by lazos in fairmount and loveeeeed the pizza there... On moving day to east falls I asked lazos if they delivered to my new area and was sad to hear they didn't... But the nice woman running the register told me to try zestos! It's not quite lazos but it's a comparable second for pizza. The plain cheese pizza is delicious- sauce is amazing and good sauce/cheese ratio. The crust had a delicious flavor, but I just wish it was a tad crispier. Cheese fries were the exact right amount of whiz to fry ratio and were the perfect cure to my Labor Day party hangover. We asked for wings extra crispy and they were not crispy at all, but the mild/bbq sauce mix was on point. Also got a cheesesteak (as previously mentioned, I was hungover) and it had a great flavor but it was mostly roll. If there was double the amount of meat, it would have been delicious. Overall, a worthwhile venture and I will be back for the pizza and fries!!Delicious cheese pizza pie!!! Hot and ready when we went to pick it up! Some of the best pizza ever! And it's on a perfect strip with Starbucks, Primos, and my nail salon! Also has parking behind so you don't have pay for the street! Will definitely be back again!If your looking for great food, FAST Zestos is for you! We order from here all the time and have never had a bad meal! Delivery is always fast- the food gets here and will still burn your mouth! I can't say enough about how awesome this place is! Don't think about it, order now!We order from Zesto's a few times a month. It's our go to pizza place. We have never had a negative experience with them. Super fast delivery.  Great food and big portions.
Our favorites are the garden salad with chicken and the Italian Stallion pizza.As a Jersey girl, I've struggled to find decent pizza since I've lived in Philly.  This is one of the few places that makes the cut.  The food is tasty, they serve large portions/sizes for the same prices as any other pizza place and they're generous with toppings if ordered.  I've always had quick courteous service whether it be pick up or delivery.  Definitely one of the best pizza places in the Roxborough/Manayunk area.I order food from Zesto frequently and have never had a bad experience. My order is always ready fast, the staff is always polite and the restaurant is always super clean which is hard to come by in the area. The food is above average and always consistent.Definitely above average pizza!  I would say it's an 8/10.  It's really good, but not the best I've had. 
For me the ratings on a pizza go Crust, cheese, then sauce.  The parity is still close for me though; it would probably go 41% 37% 32% if we were to do out of 100% on ratings of the parts of pizza.
The pizza is a New York style pizza; the crust is thin but not too thin.  It's chewy and soft, but not TOO soft.  IMO the crust is 10/10, just how I like it.  
The cheese is an 8/10, high quality great tasting cheese.  You can definitely taste the difference between great and average mozzarella.
The sauce isn't great....in fact I think it should be improved.  It's average at best, it needs to be sweetened just a little bit.  I give it an 5/10.  
Add it all together it's still a great pizza though!  I highly recommend their white pizza.....they definitely do it right!Man, I love this place. Best delivery in my area. The online order form is so user-friendly, and you're able to modify your order in any way you like (something lacking in a lot of other restaurants' online order forms). They accommodate my requests every time. The options for food are great - something for everyone. I love their hoagies and pizzas (I recommend them well done personally). 
The delivery is fast and reliable - sometimes I'm surprised at how fast it is! 
Although I don't usually go to the actual location, I have been once, and it is modern and clean. 
When I need delivery, I always order Zesto's. Every time. I just had to give Zesto's 5 stars!I lovvvveeee this place. Pizza is awsome, wings are outta this world. Everything is fresh the staff is great. Just try it!I've only had the pepperoni, but I thought it was quite good.  Toppings were huge.  I saw the sausage pizza as well.  And although I didn't try it, it looked pretty unique and appetizing.  My girlfriend thought it was good as well!  Delivery came pretty fast for a Saturday night.  So, no complaints at all!  This place is worth checking out!Great service. Always fast delivery. Food is pretty good, nothing special. But its always consistent.Solid pizza and sandwich place. The employees are always friendly and are quick to deliver as long as there's not a big football game or something going on. The pizza is amongst the best in town. They'll even sell you pizza dough for when you want to make pie at home. Some local pizza shops won't do that.Frustrating as hell to write this, because the pizza tasted good, but it was delivered cold.  When GrubHub called the manager to talk to them about it, they stated "there was no way it could have been cold, my house is too close to the restaurant".  
Now Zesto, it's not my fault that your driver either didn't use an insulated bag, or screwed around before delivering my order, it's yours.  
I agree with one thing, it should never have been delivered cold, from 1.5 miles away, but sadly, it was.  
Yesterday was the first time I tried Zesto, and it will now be the last.What a fantastic place! We stopped in for a quick lunch on a Sunday. All of our food was first-rate: great burgers and exceptionally delicious (and large!) pizza slices. What really set this place apart, though, was the great staff. They were models of friendliness and hospitality, and went far out of their way to make our experience pleasant. We'll definitely be back the next time we're in Philadelphia!Great pizza!  Solid choice when looking for a good pizza in a crowded university neighborhood filled with lots of sub-par choices.  Crust was chewy with a little crunch.  Pepperoni was smoky perfection. Added an order of the Whiz Fries for the kids... a cheesy, salty treat you won't be able to stop yourself from eating.Pleasantly surprised.  Zesto's is certainly not Philadelphia-standard pizza.  Woo hoo!  
This isn't going to make sense to some people reading this, but I would call it, "New Jersey Standard Pizza".  Not quite NYC, but better than Philly-style. I'll probably be ordering delivery here from now on.My only experience at Zesto's is fading in and out of an extraordinarily drunk night. I remember the fries being acceptable, the calzones being good and the staff being very patient while I swayed at the counter attempting to order. I'm sorry I can't offer more. 4/5.Being from central Jersey I'm pretty accustomed to great, New York style pizza with good, crispy crust, plenty of sauce, and lots of cheese. I was disappointed when I first got to school in Philly because my selection for pizza was limited at best and seemed to taste better around 2AM. 
Zesto is like a breath of garlic-y, sweet, wonderful air. The slices are HUGE, the pepperoni is HUGE, and the staff is helpful, quick, and friendly. I got two slices of pepperoni the first time and had to take one home because one slice filled me up. The sauce is great- just the tiniest bit sweet, good amount of garlic, and enough that the pizza is moist without the cheese sliding off. Also- cheese. Plenty of it, good and gooey. Zesto really just has the best pizza you can get in the area. My only wish is that it stayed open later more nights of the week!We ordered a large red margarita pizza. It looked appetizing when we opened the box but it did not live up to our expectations. The pizza was drenched in pizza sauce and we barely finished our first pieces. I felt like the amount of sauce would been good for a tomato pie. Maybe their other pizzas are good but I would not recommend getting their margarita pizza. Their curly fires were good though.As a picky New York native, I found Zesto's pizza to be quite sufficient in meeting some of my pizza needs.  I've tried the pepperoni, mushroom, buffalo chicken, and chicken bacon ranch slices.  They were all pretty good.  The crust is thin and crispy, but still sort of chewy, which I think is perfect.  My only complaint is that the sauce and the chicken were a little bland, but they do have seasoning and parmesan shakers available which could help that.  The slices are huge and not too expensive.  It was under $14 for two regular slices, two specialty slices and two drinks.  And two slices was a little too much so I'll definitely order less next time.  But there will definitely be many next times for me at Zesto.Very fast delivery and consistently high quality pizza.  I'd prefer Zesto over just about any Pizza joint in the city (except maybe Lorenzo's!).  Have tried several of their specialty pizzas and all have been delicious.  My wife is also a big fan of their pizza crust!This is my favorite place to order pizza. Very good food, reasonably priced, great service and fast delivery to Center City.Mmm... cheesesteak... had it delivered to CHOP and they came faster than I thought. So good too... the best stress relief is to eat phenomenal food. Thank you!!!Their pizza is amazing and they have some of the best customer service I have experienced in Philly. I went during the Super bowl after having a terrible experience with the Pizza Hut down the street (they kept me waiting for two hours and still never gave me my pizza even though I had been standing there the whole time and had placed an online order before arriving). I walked into Zesto's about 10 mins before they were closing and they saw how angry I looked but also how much I really wanted a pizza. Without asking what was wrong, they offered me a special deal on their pizzas in order to make my friend and I feel better. We got to try three of their pizzas (1 large and 2 smalls) for an incredible price and their kind attitude made my Super Bowl experience an incredibly pleasant one. To top it all off, the taste was amazing! My only regret was not trying them earlier! SO happy they are in University City and I look forward to going back!Number one pizza delivery no-no. When your pie arrives and all the cheese has slid to one side. Why this happens. The pizza wasnt given time to sit before it was put into the delivery bag. Hot, loose cheese plus a hard right turn = Im mad. 
Beyond presentation....my god the salt...this by far is the saltiest pizza Ever.
Fries....totally fine. crunch, not overly oily.Great for groups. Great for delivery. Great for a late night meal. 
For UCity, it's one of the better place. People mostly order from here or Allegro's for catering, but this place is far better. The quality is higher, and the crust is that perfect crunchy consistency. All their food is delicious and the toppings taste fresh.It's late, you've just finished a night of going out, and you're hungry but most places aren't open in UCity, so what do you do? You order from Zesto! Since it is open until 3am on weekends it's the perfect place for a late night pick me up.
The pizza here is delicious, I've had it on numerous occasions (both drunk and sober) and I always liked their pizza slices. The slices are HUGE, for one slice at  about $3 you get a slice that is the size of about 2 slices of pizza put together. They offer a variety of toppings from original cheese to white margherita and BBQ chicken to Meat Lover. They also have other options such as fries and quesadillas if you're not in the mood for pizza. Zesto is a great place to satisfy those late night cravings or even to satisfy your pizza cravings. Plus, it's conveniently located in central UCity!My son was admitted at CHOP and I didn't want hospital pizza. Zesto is close by and the reviews looked good. I ordered my pizza at 7:40 and it was delivered about 16 minutes later - awesome. Half pepperoni/half cheese. It was great and my wife agrees.  Lots of cheese. Big slices of pepperoni (sandwich style?).  Good dough and sauce.  We come to Philadelphia often.  I'll order from here again the next time we get pizza!Food was good and they are the first pizza shop to give extra marinara. Only bad thing was the delivery driver. The other gentlemen I spoke to on the phone was very nice and apologetic for why my delivery was late. I understood since it was lunch hour on a Friday.Ive ordered from here last night and our pizza was SO soggy - it was SO wet! it wasn't even worth eating.we were so disappointed! We ordered from here before and it was great.. not sure if something was in the kitchen that had no idea what they were doing.. it was very under cooked. I don't think i ever had a pizza this soggy.Ordered the tomato mozzarella panini. Not a fan. The roasted red peppers make it sour. It was barely warm and not at all melted like a panini should be. It was expensive enough that it should come with fries or a side, but it doesn't. Also, the soda came frozen and exploded.Awesome pizza, ready on the fly quick and solid customer service! Definite return customerI was hosting a corporate "lunch & learn" and Sam at Zesto's made the catering process so easy. He answered my questions, assured me of my order, and delivered exactly on time, as scheduled. Never had a better catering experience! Pizzas were delicious and the event was easy thanks to Zesto's. I highly recommend using them for any group meal.for the price, this is best pizza place i've been to in the area. Highly recommend the pepperoni pizza, thoes things are huge!I usually don't order from new places, especially when it comes to my preferred food items (cheesesteak). But I decided to give Zesto's a try anyway and I must say my cheesesteak was really good!! My order even came 15min early than the estimated time!! Woohoo. I'm only giving it 4 stars because I only order two things, but if they got my cheesesteak order right then everything else must be good too!! I will order from them again :-){3.5 stars}
Good food and variety.  Pizza is better than the other nearby options and my boyfriend said the buff chick wrap was delicious.  The wrap was also ginormous, so you definitely get some bang for your buck.  Got a chicken strip platter with coleslaw and old bay fries the last time I was here and it didn't disappoint, though realistically this is just your basic college food place.  Good for a quick and casual dinner but nothing out of the ordinary.This is by far the best pizza place on campus. The pizza is fantastic - thin crust, big slices, great flavor. For slices, they always have your standard options of cheese, pepperoni and sausage available as well as a few specialty ones like barbecue chicken or chicken bacon ranch. There's also deals for 2 slices and a drink, but that's almost too much food - the slices are really big. I have to hit this place every day on my way home.Almost 5 stars! The White Margarita Pizza was awesome! Staff very nice. Smaller than I expected but when I saw 5 police eating here I knew it was going to be good. Lol. Ordered when we came in. Pizza done in 10 minutes. Very quick. Great crust too.If I could give this place no stars I would.  Ordered a tomato mozerella panini, opened it up its a chicken panini.  I called up and told the guy it was the wrong one. He laughed it off and said well I can't give you a credit but if you really need the 8 dollars that bad I'll have someone drive out and give it you.  I was going to settle with one being remade, but after that smart comment, I said "yes get me my 8 dollars out".  Rude and terrible management!!Zesto is ridiculously amazing. It was probably one of the best things that's happened to me during my four years at Penn. First of all, the food is so fresh and delicious. My work only orders pizza from Zesto because their pies are on point. They blow Allegro and Axis completely out of the water. I even prefer Zesto pizza over fancier places like Zavino. Zesto is great because it keeps it simple and fresh. I also love Zesto because they literally have EVERYTHING and it's always delicious! I have had their chicken tenders, fries, burgers, etc and I have never been disappointed. My ultimate favorite thing here though is their Greek salad with grilled chicken. Their ingredients in it are so fresh that it is the only salad that I eat with absolutely no dressing and I just savor the fresh crispness of the veggies. And the portion is huge (see attached image)! I always eat it in two separate meals because there is so much, and I eat a lot. I could probably even make it into three meals if I wanted. The salad also comes with a delicious breadstick. I'm a Greek Lady (nearby restaurant) fan but I like Zesto's Greek Salad much better because the portion is heartier, there are more olives (which are pitted, in Greek Lady you have to spit out the pits yourself) and toppings, and the salad is just fresher overall. This is my favorite salad ever, better than Sweetgreen, Saladworks, etc. I could literally talk about this salad for hours and I've had it four times in the past week alone! 
Aside from the food, the service is remarkably quick. I will usually call to order my salad for pick up and it's ready for me when I walk the five minutes it takes to get there. The people working there are also very nice and pleasant. And the prices are very affordable! $12 for my salad that is big enough for 3 meals! Zesto is definitely one of my favorite places on campus and I can't wait to get their salad again!I turn to Zesto every Wednesday to cater my weekly work event. The pizza is really good and the service is even better. I've ordered from them 6 times and they've arrived early if not on time every time, (which should be standard but is not.) Their delivery people are always very friendly. I love that I can order online and receive delivery alerts right to my phone!Sooooooooooo Zestos came with numerous recommendations from trusted which means I must have gotten the bad batch because the pizza was anything but extraordinary. 
We received pepperoni and cheese pizzas delivery which might play a rule in the difference I experienced. Sadly, the pizzas were very greasy and needed to be patted down with and napkins. However the biggest downside was the taste. The pizza was just very salty... I think it mainly came from the bread/crust but it ready ruined the entire experience =(. 
The rest of the experience drinks, delivery time, and cost were all very reasonable and will get me to give zesto's another try but if nothing changes I think I'll avoid the saltiest pizza I've had.They have the New Yorker type slice here,  and I'm loving it.  This thin sliced pizza has all that familiarity of the great pizza you get from authentic pizzerias, with the yummy ooziness of the oil (which you sometimes just can't bother to dab off), to that just right, sorta burned but not, crust. It's not like a paper thin slice, but sort of close.  The base of the slice/dough is pretty chewy and tough,  and rather thick. Zesto's gets crammed during lunch, and there is minimal seating.  They have a 2 plain slices+drink for 5.50 and other specials.I'm always intrigued when I see a new pizza place. Of course, I am also cautious since there are many sub par places. I am that snobby pizza guy who grew up in New York and expect nothing less *cough* from Philly pizza joints. But really, I do expect less. But I know there are some decent spots out there.
That said, after a few good views, my interest perked up more. I lucked into trying Zesto out for the first time when leftovers were dropped off at the kitchen in my work place. I was instantly impressed. Good crust, cheese and sauce. The pepperoni is so large it's like salami and it tastes sooo good.
Since, I have ordered from them several times. The last time the pizza folded over a little, causing cheese to slip off and toppings to go array. I called them up to complain. The guy on the phone was very apologetic and offered to send 3 new pies. Since it was edible, I told him 2 would be enough. It was here and perfect in about 15 minutes.
Great pizza. Great service. Very stand up place. This is my new go to place.Best single slice pizza spot in university city. Chicken bacon ranch, veggie, and bbq chicken slices are all amazing. Haven't tried anything else but their pizza is solid!Zesto is a nice place for lunch or dinner takeout if you work or stay in the area. The food is delicious, affordable, and the quantity is insanely huge! Although sometimes their fried stuff (fried chicken fingers) can be a little greasy but overall it's not too bad! 
This place mostly caters to junk, fast food; so healthy eaters may not find it amusing.Either they raised the prices or I was blinded by the actually tasty pizza to ignore the fact that if all you want is a small pizza with two toppings after tax and tip and delivery fee you're paying $25 for a 12" pizza and that's just ridiculous. After a delayed delivery or two I'm rather done with Zesto. This place is tasty, but not economical.The delivery was very prompt and the price wasn't terrible but the food was very mediocre. It was also lukewarm (I got a calzone and a small pizza). The calzone was runny, too.Ok so I just recently moved in this area and tried a few pizza places (since I'm to lazy to food shop yet) and you can tell this pizza place takes pride in their work. Every time you get a pie from this place it's picture perfect. Highly recommend this place to all to try. You won't be disappointed.I personally feel that there is no decent pizza in University City. However, that has changed since Zesto opened. I am a huge fan. I had a slice of the white ricotta pizza. It was delicious and only cost $2.60 for a very large slice. I think the slices with more toppings cost more, but it's worth it because the toppings are piled on. My friend had a veggie slice that he said was also very good.
The workers are very friendly and will explain everything if asked. If you want to eat there, the decor is clean and bright and there is a large TV if you want to watch sports.
Definitely my new go-to place for pizza etc. in U City. They even deliver!These folks make some really good pizza!  We recently ordered some for a lunch party and I was really impressed.  Very tasty!delicious pizza. super fast delivery. you can't go wrong with their house pizza with a little of everything. i always get their jalapeno poppers...so damn good! i can eat these for breakfast, lunch and dinner!Prior to Zesto, I wasn't a huge fan of any of the other pizza places in University City. However, Zesto is quite good. We ordered a large pepperoni pizza for delivery. The cheese and pepperoni was good, the sauce was flavorful, and the crust has a good texture and taste. Delivery wasn't too slow. In total it was around $21 including the delivery fee and tip.I love this place !! Food is fresh and delicious. The staff very friendly and helpful, fast service. The pizza is amazing.... In fact everything that I've tried so far has been excellent.I have gotten slices here when I needed a pizza fix, and they did the job.  Pretty good. One day, I decided to try their calzone.  A small, just to try it out.  It was surprisingly huge!  All the ingredients were fresh & delicious.  Try it!My go to place for delivery and cheese steaks.  
They're always on time or before scheduled for delivery and anything I've ordered is great-not greasy and filling.  I've also noticed they're never calling back saying they're out of a product. 
Awesome service and better food.Delicious pizza. Great service. Nice and clean facilities. I would recommend this place to anyone.My review is for the delivery service which I used for a work event. 
Ordering - 5 stars. Super easy ordering website that allows you to customize anything (e.g. half pizzas, toppings, how many pieces to cut the pie into, salad dressings on side, etc.). Beware of decision paralysis. 
Delivery - 5 stars. The delivery person arrived early despite how difficult it can be to find parking and the location of my work building. I LOVE that they send text alerts (opt-in) when the food is being made and when it's out for delivery. It's like Domino's but instead of overly processed pizza, you have infinitely yummier food on the way.
Value - 5 stars. For about $80 I got two large pizzas (half/half for both so that there were 4 varieties, and a huge Caesar salad with generous amounts of chicken). 
Food - 4.5 stars. Everything was delicious. And particularly stand-out were: Margarita pizza, House pizza, croutons.
For pizza in University City, Zesto is the besto.Philly has a bunch of places like this---pizza/steak/hoagie joints. This is by far the best of the ones I had. Not only is their pizza flavorful and the crust crispy, their chicken cutlet sandwiches and paninis are damn good as well. The prices are on point as well, especially the 2 slices of pizza and drink deal.Great cuatomer service!!! Love the food and it's hot and ready for pick up you can't ask for more!以台灣人的觀點，這間Pizza 小店真的很棒啊！ㄧ個Pizza 3塊以內，有2塊Pizza 加飲料的套餐7.5塊，兩個人吃剛剛好！是便宜美味的好選擇！I can't speak highly enough of this place. There are so many pizza places in University City and West Philly, but this one is the absolute best. The slices are huge, the white margherita pizza is so good it actually freaks me out, and the service is supremely friendly. They deliver promptly, and in one case under ten minutes during a terrible snow storm. 
Zesto is the best.Chicken parm pizza.
Whoever came up with the idea of topping off a delicious pizza with fried chicken is a genius.
Again, chicken parm pizza. Get it.Finally! A pizza place that doesn't give you soggy thin crust lazy excuse for drunk satisfaction. Doughy crust I love, actually good bacon, first time delivered small pizza and sandwich in *12 minutes* and second time a small pizza and app in 15. Both on Saturdays ... even reasonably priced - I have found my pizza placeI didn't dine in, so this review is only for the food.
I pre-ordered my pizza online and it was very convenient and efficient. I asked for a pick-up time of 6PM and around 5:45, I got an email saying that my pizza was ready! When I arrived at Zesto, the employees had my pizza ready for me and everything. I wish they had bags large enough to cover the whole pizza box to prevent it from getting cold during my brief walk outside in the chilly winter night, but oh well.
We ordered the Hawaiian pizza. It came out to approximately $12 for a 12-inch pizza, which is definitely on the pricier side. However, the pizza was delicious! I think it was saltier than I expected, but the Hawaiian comes with both bacon and ham (double whammy on the salt!) So it's expected, not their fault. The pizza could've been cheesier, but hey, it was already delicious as it was. 
I'll be coming back again! Maybe not for the Hawaiian again, but to try something else!I'm a Philly native and very picky about my cheese steaks (chicken or beef). I must say that Zesto is in my top 5 best chicken cheese steak places in Philly. It starts with their perfectly baked rolls and the great quality of their poultry. The salads are a plus, too...made with really fresh greens and other vegetables. So glad they set up shop in UCity.Excellent pizza (arguably the best in the neighborhood), and the guys there are pretty awesome , too - always courteous and willing to accommodate your needs. Especially Sam - he's the man. Thanks Zesto, I'm glad you're there.This is traditional PIZZA. It's not froo-froo pizza. Just the good traditional stuff made with FRESH ingredients, cooked to perfection, priced reasonably - and the staff is friendly while they're at it. I'm going to be back again and again, and I plan to check out the other locations. Highly recommend for a quick, delicious bite!I'm partial to deep dish, living in Chicago. But I love a good pizza, regardless. So I was craving pizza, really greasy pizza. And this place hit the spot. Just ordered a pepperoni and extra cheese pizza...and it was great! That's it. Just good, greasy pizza.Wish I could give no stars. Pizza was over cooked. Not enough sauce and the cheese was hard. It was dry and nasty. Waste of money and waste of a drive. Tasted like cheese covered cardboard.Zesto is a great new pizza place that just opened near Penn's campus.
I had the White Margherita Pizza, which was really good. It was $10 for the small pizza, which lasted me two meals (and I eat a lot). Zesto also has hoagies, wraps, paninis, calzones, pasta, and more. 
Zesto's pizza is wayyy tastier than the pizza at any other place around campus (I'm looking at you, Allegros). It is open until 3am on Fridays and Saturdays, so I think it will become a popular option for late night munchies amongst Penn students.Pretty disappointed that this quantifies 1/2 extra cheese and 1/2 pepperoni. And it arrived semi-cold slopped slightly to one side of the box. Driver also seemed to expect me to pick up the food from his car, as he waited a long time after I had opened the front door to him to meet me on my porch. I was wearing house slippers and even had time to check my mail and greet my arriving family at the door before he actually came up. See photo. I will say that what was there was delicious just unsightly and skimpy.
Sorry, I edited this review only to state that in fairness zestos is a personal favorite. I ordered pizza delivery from them primarily 9/10 of the time. Typically they are very friendly and accommodating never rude on the phone in my recollection. This review is based solely on this ordering experience, my poor sad sad pizza pie, and because my son little boo bear had been asking for triangle pizza for dinner relentlessly for literally a week before dad and I finally caved.BBQ Chicken pizza has just the right amount of BBQ sauce. Other fav flavs include veggie and buffalo chicken  Never actually bought Zesto's myself (the dental school usually caters it for events or meetings) so I'm not sure about prices but I always prefer Zesto's over Allegro's plain cheese, Papa John's, Domino's or Pizza Hut.Best cheesesteak in West Philadelphia / University City area. For weeks, I've ordered from about 8 different shops, always to be left disappointed. As soon as I set my eyes on this puppy, I knew I made the right choice. The first juicy bite had the perfect ratio of steak, cheese, onion, and ketchup. The roll had the feeling of being homemade fresh, and the steak itself chopped up so fine and small, just the way I like it, so everything runs together. This picture of my new best friend is the next day, after being heated up in the oven. Just as delicious, but now with a crispy roll.
Oh, and fantastic pizza and service as well.We're in Philly for the weekend. Being that our bus home to NYC doesn't leave for 5 hours, we decide to venture out, find a movie theater (it's way too cold to do any sight seeing!), and I task my husband with finding a spot for breakfast. Well, he found Zesto's, a man's version of "brunch", and I'm so glad he did! Reading the reviews on here, we were anticipating a tasty treat. What we got, however, surpassed that thought. The menu is vast. Everything from hot sandwiches, cold sandwiches, salads, wings, calzones, strombolis, fries, mozzarella sticks, and of course, their signature pizzas. 
I got a chicken panini, served on a wonderfully pressed ciabatta roll (grill marks and all!), with pesto, roasted red peppers, tomatoes, and cheese. YUM! The hubby got the "small" calzone. Woah! The meatlover calzone came in a gorgeous crescent shape, filled with mozzarella and ricotta cheeses, sausage, ground beef, and a side of the sweet and savory marinara sauce. He was able to finish one of its four pieces. 
Being from NYC, we have high standards for these delicacies. Zesto's, you've made us jealous that you aren't easily accessible to us. We'll have to make sure you're on our itinerary for the next trip to Philly!Remember to use the Coupon Code from the Yelp page when you're ordering online for the first time.  I forgot.  Missed my 10%  :-(    It will not stop me from ordering online again.  Ordered delivery online for work.  Very easy and you can pay and leave the tip from the website...so convenient.    
I put a delivery note about being handicap and the driver came right up to where I was with my walker.  He called to let me know he was on his way.  And when he got there he apologized for the wait.  But it was barely any wait at all.  From the time I order till he got there was less than 1/2 hour and in rush hour traffic.  So very good on the delivery time and the nice man coming up the stairs to me  :-)
We ordered 10 wings, dry with BBQ sauce on side & cheesesteak with fried onions and extra American cheese.  I have to tell you I am a Philly girl born and raised.  I am also a big girl and love my cheesesteaks.  This was an excellent cheesesteak.  Extra cheese is always iffy, but they definitely had extra cheese.  There seemed like extra meat because 1/2 of it ended up not being eaten and saved for the next day.  Like I said, I'm a big girl and that rarely happens. ;-) Roll was soft and fresh with the right amount of fried onions.  Sometimes around work I am so disappointed about the cheesesteaks, but not this time at all.  This will now be my go-to place for cheesesteaks. 
The only reason we didn't rate 5 stars is because the wings, even though they were dry, weren't crispy.  Not soggy, but not crispy either, somewhere in between.  We did get the extra blue cheese and celery as asked.  We decided that if we had gotten the BBQ sauce on them it would have been better.  We'll do that next time.  
I'm glad I went to Yelp to find a new place to order out. Delivery was fast.  Order was perfect.  Food tasted great. We have enough left over for lunch/dinner tomorrow.  Can't ask for more.  I'm sharing with my friends here at work.  We have a lot of people here and I'm sure they will love the food too.I drove here 30 minutes based on reviews to have pizza here. The sign on door as well as yelp stated that the place closes at 3am on sat night. It is 11p and the guy inside said he was closed. How the Eff is this possible in a college campus. 
This left a bad taste in my mouth and I ain't coming back. If the service is inconsistent, then I ain't betting on the pizza.When I order pizza from a new place I usually order a plain pie, just to test out the sauce and the crust. When I say I almost demolished and entire small pie by myself, I'm not joking!
It's a little more expensive than I usually pay for the run of the mill pizza on a friday night but its really high quality pizza and I can't wait to try the other pies.Zesto is fantastic! Great pizza (I recommend the buffalo chicken or the red margherita) with nice customer service. My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the grilled chicken panini with pesto and mozzarella. So much chicken! They really give you a lot of food for the price. Highly recommended!Perfect eat out during the holiday season, most shops are closed in U city during Christmas and this is a perfect take out / dine in place !I am from South Florida, and we are leaving tomorrow morning back to the land of bland pizza and food. Philly has been an epicurean delights. We wanted to end our night with some delicious pizza in our hotel room. This place was delicious. Large pepperoni slices, tons of cheese, and a tasty sauce. The only thing I would have liked is for it to be a bit more crispy. But then again, that happens when they put it in the box. Other than that, it was delish!You are arguably one of the best pizzas spots in West, so why the fuck can't I order a damn pizza from you past 10pm? Get your shit together.Love the place - before going to the movies we stopped in with our 5 yr. old grandson for a great big slice of pizza - he gave Zesto 2 thumbs up - and he should know because he eats pizza every chance he gets.
Reasonable price, good people working there and near the Cinemark movie theater - best yet my grandson gives it 2 Thumbs up (I also gave it that for the sausage pizza- he likes the regular with nothing on it).
Go there! Take a slice into the movies or just enjoy it in their place.Guys please stop ordering Pizza from anywhere else in University City and just order Zesto.  I used to think Allegros had good pizza, but they have fallen off and now only suit my late-night, drunken cravings.  When I want a good slice of pizza for lunch or dinner, I come straight here.  I am never disappointed, not even with the most plain slice of cheese pizza and that's saying something.  Their gourmet options are incredible too, you really can not go wrong.  They do wonderfully for large orders or small orders so order for a party of a few friends or for a conference-they've got you covered! 
Thank you, Zesto, for saving me from the other pizza joints on campus!The pizza with pepperoni and mushroom toppings is delicious! The grilled chicken salad was tasty and fresh as well. Definitely will be back for more tastings =]Ordered a large pizza for take-out. Asked for different toppings one each half -- very accommodating and pizza prepared correctly. Very friendly owner when went in for pick-up. Very generous with the toppings - most generous I can recall. Crust was thin and crisp, just right. Sauce could have been zestier, but good. Ordered from here after looking at more expensive take-out pizzas -- this was great for the price.I found Zesto to be an average pizza place with nice employees. Everyone works quickly to take your order and prepare your food. The pizza itself was a bit greasy and not in a good way (like when a certain cheese blend naturally gives off good tasty oils). The sauce was ok and the crust was not overly flavorful (I tried regular cheese pizza and white pizza). Slices are huge, and they have plenty of specialty pizzas with generous amounts of toppings. There is a small seating area with a TV (usually tuned to ESPN but kept low). 
This is a good place to grab a quick slice during a break.I'm not a big pizza lover anyway first off
 Second the pizza was just too salty for me. It was just okay. O threw three slices out. Didn't want to get high blood pressure. This is just my opinion. Probably will Never go back.Update: I tried the red margarita and white margarita pizzas today, and both were delicious, albeit untraditional. The red margarita pizza is thickly covered with a chunky red sauce that is chock full of flavor, garlic, and fresh basil. Small pieces of mozzarella are placed on top. The sauce is so heavy that I had to eat this slice with a fork and knife, which I never do. 
The while margarita pizza was good as well. There are small patches of chunky tomato sauce (described above) and lots of pizza cheese, fresh basil, and fresh mozzarella.
Both slices were fresh and flavorful, and my slices were ordered and heated quickly.
I will be back next time I have a hankering for pizza at work.Mmmm great tasting pizza that I always crave-- probably my favorite on campus. Good selection of flavors... not super extensive, but enough options to satisfy whatever craving you probably have. Pricing is not super high as well, even though it would be expected because of its location in a college town. Late hours as well-- all around, a great place!Fresh, tasty pizza. Huge slices. Giant pepperoni. Clean. Service with a smile. Family friendly. 
Mozzarella fries get three out of ten stars.Great quick service lunch stop!Real philly food real fast. The guys working in the front were so friendly and service was fast they even asked if we need anything while we waited for our food. I definitely would recommend their cheesesteaks they were cheesy and had great toasted bread. The fries were fresh too.