Sorry, Mayflower, but you've been ousted as my go-to Chinatown bakery.
We walked in late last night, so the pickings were understandably a bit slim, and she was just starting to close up (but gave us super-friendly un-harried service, really excellent). We got a coconut cream bun and an egg custard tart. These are both sort of comfort noms for me from Mayflower, but this place one-ups them. The coconut part of the custard was a bit sweeter than Mayflower's, but the yeast dough was a lot nicer, very refined and perfectly baked. The dough blows Mayflower's out of the water.
The egg tart was amazing, though. This is the first time I've had any sort of Asian take on what is essentially a Portuguese treat that didn't botch the pâte brisée. The pastry was flaky and just barely sweet, and the custard was heavily eggy in flavor.
Try this place next time you're in town.We ordered our wedding cake from Zhong Gang Bakery last year. It was both beautiful and delicious! They were also able to customize it to our requests. We received so many compliments on the cake. It kept really well, too! There was a lot of cake left over, and one week later the cake was still soft and moist. It did not get stale at all. The family always orders birthday cakes from this bakery now, and the taste and quality is consistently wonderful.Meh - an underwhelming cafe/bakery. I mean, the bread is fresh, but it's not flavored right. Not sweet enough or something... but there was definitely something missing in what I was eating.
I couldn't imagine ordering a drink here.. just couldn't imagine it tasty good after my bread experience.Of the various teashops, I like Zhong Gang's bakery the best. They make lots of good stuffed rolls (coconut, cream, pineapple, taro, etc.). They have a small amount of seating available for customers, although it's a bit close to the counter. The bubble tea is pretty standard; it's hard to go too right or wrong with it. They also have other cold and hot beverages, if you are in the mood for something different.The store is on Main Street , some time very hard get a space around Main Street , the store designed tables and seat set up in frond of the counter and cashier , the light is pretty dark ,luckily still able can see the cakes and buns inside the window case ! I believed they can to more business if they do some change on ............Really nice light and fluffy cakes at great prices.  I love the mango cake the most.  One of the few stores that doesn't make everything overly sweetI came in here to sample their steamed BBQ pork buns, and although their dough is not as sweet as Asia Market, their filling was delicious, it's the closest I could fine to Filipino Siopao. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the fried pork buns, most delish!HONG KONG-STYLE MILK TEA:  FIVE STARS.
The five stars is exclusively for the milk tea because I love it that much.  I wish I took more time to drink it, but I literally inhale it once I get my hands on it.  I think it takes me less than five minutes to drink the whole thing?  Not good for me, but it's THAT good.  
Here at Zhong Gang, it's cheap, quick, and amazing.  I think it's safe to say that I drink milk tea like someone who drinks Starbucks or Dunkin' Donuts everyday.  LOVE. 
I haven't really tried all of the pastries and baked goodies, but I remember trying the pork floss bun and it wasn't that great.  They even offer Vietnamese banh mi and typical buns and pastries you see at other Chinese bakeries.  
I only frequent here for the milk tea or egg tarts.  Seriously though, if you are a HK-style milk tea fiend like I am, this place is it (besides Nice One Bakery and others in NYC).  And this is exactly why I am writing a review JUST for the milk tea.  
Cheers!Their pastries are really good. They keep well in the fridge and are still yummy even five days after.
Their pork sung roll is delicious - lots of gooey mayonnaise with salty yummy MSG pork sung, with a nice portion of fried egg hugging the top of the bun like a best friend. And for a dollar.
I'm almost tempted to knock off a point for the service, but I won't because it didn't really affect my culinary experience here. Talking to the cashier just made me feel a little like I'd failed a math test and my mom was yelling at me, but I'm used to that.
I got the red bean smoothie here, and I fell in love. My boyfriend has bragged that Taiwan has the best bubble teas and smoothies ever, and I believed him because when I went to Taiwan none of their drinks gave me food poisoning. BUT the red bean smoothie I had here was definitely better than anything I had in Taiwan. In fact, it rivals the ones I had in Beijing. So as a self-proclaimed connoisseur of red-beandom, I hereby grant my approval to this small shop. GET RED BEAN.Oh yes, the triangle cake was so good. I always think its funny when people order apple pie and tiramisu from a chinese bakery but if they can do that too then alright. I have to be honest and say that this was my first time here but the egg pastry was great and the the triangle cake was even better, I'll be back for more for sure. How many triangle cakes do you think I can fit in the trunk of my car?Nothing really sets this one apart from the other philly ctown's bakeries, but this one makes the best corn/ham/cheese bun!  
The bun has a generous amount of sour cream (yumm), some sprinkling of ham and most importantly, the corn is still plump & juicy!  NOT the dry, stick-to-your-teeth kind that KC's often sells (not that I'm dissing KC's, cause they're awesome too).
Also, for their strawberry smoothies, you have an option of fresh strawberries or just the powder.  I didn't like their powder version since its no different from typical strawberry milk, so if your going to try it... go fresh.  I have nothing to compare the powder version to, so maybe all the other bakeries do it like that too? idk.
All in all, even if you're already a regular somewhere else, atleast stop in Zhong Gang's once to try their cheesy corn & ham buns!This is a very neat bakery that offers a number of Chinese snacks and sweets, along with a few other surprises.  If you stumble upon Zhong Gong, I highly recommend the steamed char siu bao.  You have to ask for it, as they have a little steamer behind the counter with maybe a dozen or so that they sell.  Its pillowy soft dough and braised pork belly are amazing.  The other buns and items they offer are fair, but if you're in for a surprise try one of their banh mi.  That's right, they have a Philly style banh mi.  It's served on a torpedo roll, and it features something not very much akin to typical pork (more like a cold cut) on the roll with pickled veggies, et al.  It's a cheap lunch if you play it right.  
Zhong Gong is a neat place, and you should check it out.Craving for a tapoica drink while in Philly's Chinatown...I stopped by here.  And boy did I regret it.
They have a variety of flavors including my usual - papaya milkshake. So I ordered one...BUT it did not taste like the papaya milkshakes I am use to.  I could barely taste any fresh papaya...it was mostly powder.  And the tapoica balls were hard and seemed liked a tasteless cottonball!  Having a drink here made me miss SF so much.Best bakery in Chinatown. I lived in Chinatown for over 20 years and have tried all bakeries. This is by far the best bakery in the neighborhood. Highly recommend the egg tarts and the steamed pork & veggie bun! Best egg tarts in Chinatown hands-down. Only bakery that can make the flaky crust like ones in HK.Great little bakery in Chinatown. As there are many others, the zhong gang bakery has awesome bubbletea and pork buns. Cheap and great to pick up and eat on the run.I'm an ABC (American Born Chinese) and love going to Chinatown!  Sadly, Chinatown DC is now just, well, not Chinatown.  We breezed through this bakery for a quick fix on lychee bubble tea, egg custard and roast pork bun.  Delicious and the best part- cheap!  The lychee tea was perfect.  The crushed ice was a nice surprise, I knew I didn't want a blended frozen drink but this hit the spot.  The egg custard could have been a tad bit firmer and perhaps a tad bit more flavor, but again, it did the job nicely.  My son loved the roast pork bun and only let me have the smallest teensiest taste- but couldn't buy another as we seemed to have gotten the last one.  He surely savored it.  We will be back in town next month and sure to stop here again for more snacks!The cha siu bao (roast pork bun) was delish. Rich in flavor and plentiful in meat. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly!I feel in love with their pastries after my first bite.  At 90 cents - that's less than a buck - their coconut filled bread might have been the most flavorful dessert I've ever had. While I briefly touched on the quality, I need to continue a bit more.  We enjoyed our dessert after a large dinner and couldn't quite finish it.  I took it to work with me the next day figuring it would be 'ok' - instead I found it as soon as it was fresh!  Don't worry, they are too good for you to resist much longer than that!
Need another reason to check them out?  Seriously, the staff is super friendly and more than willing to let you take your time deciding how you want your daily calorie intake.  They can help with recommendations as well.  
I can't offer you any more compelling reasons to visit Zhong Gang.  Hopefully, I don't need to - grab some pocket change and let them change your life.I love their steamed pork buns here. The bun is so fluffy with a hint of sweetness and the BBQ pork is cooked very tender and sweet. I crave it all the time. I am a fan of their pineapple buns when freshly cooked and still warm but after a day, the crumbly topping gets kinda mushy and sticky.Popped in here to grab a snack - the red bean soft cake is excellent - like a soft mochi almost. But the sesame ball is good only if you like a really thick outer rice flour skin.I work in Philly and Chinatown is nearby.. I've been searching for the best steamed bbq pork bun and I'm so glad I tried this place! They have the best pork bun and great price too! They can sell you cold (To take home just steam it) or the ready to eat one.. To all Filipino's out there you have to try it! It tastes like Chowking Siopao! oh.. and the service ? VERY FRIENDLYhuge selection of bubble tea varieties, smoothies, and other drinks and decent selection of calorific Chinese baked goods. several tables, pleasant environment, nice place to sitThough this place looks a bit dirty, it's probably one of the best bakeries in Chinatown. Particularly for the buns. Their iced milk tea (without bobas) is only 1.60, and they don't put that much ice, so it's an awesome deal. 
 If you're dropping by around Chinatown, snack here.Very poor customer service. I had a $10 gift card to use and they seemed so annoyed to help. It was like they were doing me a favor. I was told to use the entire amount that day because it was the deadline, but there was no expiration date on the card. I was already planning on using the entire amount anyway.Then I was told that I went over the limit, which was not a big deal to me. I just paid the extra amount.. They seemed annoyed by that, too. They being the manager and the worker. I don't understand why they would treat a customer as if they were of no value because that is how I felt when I was there. Gift card or no gift card, I should be treated like a paying customer. Someone obviously paid for the gift card. I will not return as a paying customer after this because of simply the very bad customer service.  You can't expect to have returning customers if you act bothered by serving them.Was wandering the streets of Chinatown when I stumbled upon Zhong Gang.
Zhong Gang is an Asian pastry shop. I was able to buy some goods and have them on stand by in my hotel.
- Egg Tart: Eggy and custardy with a light crust. 
- Bread buns: I had a coconut one and a mung bean (red beans) one. Both very filling with a light bread. The filling was plentiful and sweet for both.Came here to try their boba/pearl milk tea. Some of the boba pieces were a little too hard but the tea was good. Not the best boba I've had, but it was only $2 so I'm not complaining.I love Zhong Gang and every time in Philly I try to stop there.  I can't comment on how this place compares to other Chinese Bakeries, but just my overall impression.  I have LOVED everything I've purchased there.  I absolutely CRAVE their sesame balls with white bean paste and their cold Longan tea.  Although the bakery is small, they do huge volumes of business.  The girls in there are very efficient- good service.  Their prices are outrageously low.  Many of their items are fried rather than baked, and I usually purchase stuff that's fried because that's my preference.  I haven't had a bad experience yet.  I'm very surprised by the other reviews.  I don't like Bubble Tea (tapioca tea), so I can't comment on the quality there.  Their fruit smoothies are adequately fruity, though not overwhelmingly so.   The place isn't a juice bar after all!  They have LOTS of fun and unusual fruit and tea flavors.  They have  several tables if you choose to eat there.  The place is clean and pleasant.  I've been so pleased with my experience there, I've never bothered to go to any of the other bakeries in Chinatown.  I say try it!Nice and fluffy angel cupcakes for less than a dollar each! Hot pork buns for about 80 cents( but better at other bakeries)! One dollar hot milk teas! $2 sandwiches! And free wifi at a Chinese bakery/cafe!? What?! 
The only con is the service.... But I guess it won't be a Chinese Bakery without the somewhat rude answers.I recognize the shortcomings of Zhong Gang but I'm still considering myself a fan.
In truth this place only warrant at most a 3 star ratings, but if you know what to get it could be one of the most authentic experience you'll have. The place is a little bit dirty, their pastry is not as good as selections from the other shops, but this place knows how to make drinks. Their drinks are probably the best out of the whole Chinatown, the combination of fresh ingredients, strong tea and sugar water make the best lemon ice tea you can find anywhere and it's the single thing that keeps me coming back again and again. 
There are some traditional treats in the showcase and various fresh baked buns but the best things are inside the steam case and above the counters. Have a egg and ham sandwich for $1.50, the steam big buns and a Chinese tamales. Any bread stuff with dried pork "pork song" is also quite pleasing. Their signature sweet treat is probably their Napoleons which is a must have, their almond cookies are also very nice.
But do try their drinks, especially their iced coffee and teas.Excellent selection!  The prices are nice and the bread is very good.  I like this place slightly more than the bakery one block down.  Can't go wrong here.  Several pineapple bread choices. Red bean was a must pick here!In my native (Queens) NY there are a myriad of Chinese and Korean bakeries and tea shops for me to choose from. But here in Philly I am lost.
Wandering around Chinatown, I stopped at Zhang Gang bakery. 
It was good. Not amazing, but good. Perhaps I ordered items that aren't in their top specialties? An egg custard (it was very tasty. Not the best- but solid) paired with a passionfruit/green tea boba. 
Maybe it's my pregnancy taste buds- but it was cloyingly sweet, and tasted like cough syrup. I'd have been better off ordering something else I'm certain based on the other reviews. Next time (if there is a next time) I will think my order over a bit more.Having been eating these types of items over the years, there has been a downgrade in the creation of classic items such as egg tarts and roast pork buns in recent times. Either they're too small, just not flavorful or the crust is no longer flaky and browned just right. Since this bakery open a couple years ago, I have religiously gone there for the baked goods such as roast pork buns, egg tarts, and fried dumplings. Mid morning has the best variety, as by afteroon the breakfast and pre-lunch crowd has bought up most  of the goodies. Still once can catch a quick snack in the afternoon, and as always, the coffee is nice and strong.Let me begin by saying that this is perhaps the coolest bakeries I have been to! The moment I stepped in the store, I felt that I was thrown back in retro-style Hong Kong with its colorful neon lighted menu and bakery shelves. The decor certainly adds a cool, unique vibe without being too cheesy about it!
Zhong Gang offers a wide bakery selection, ranging from the sweet white sugar rice cake to the salty BBQ pork buns. It was difficult for me to resist from buying one of each simply because all of them looked so good! Out of all though, I highly recommend the fluffy cupcakes. It was so delicious!
Not a fan of baked goods? No worries, because Zhong Gang has tea selection too! Heck, a cup of HK milk tea plus boba is only around $2.50, and you can't get that kind of deal even in Houston. Of course the boba tea is good, because why else would I rave about it?
It's cash only, so don't forget to bring some bling bling when you go to Chinatown and swing by this awesome bakery for a snack!
---
tl;dr version:
1. Cool, retro-HK vibe
2. Wide selection of great baked goods, especially the cupcakes
3. Cheap, good boba teas
4. Cash onlyHaving tried all the bakeries in Chinatown for the best baked roast pork bun, this place won for the most flavorful and delicious ones and I have been going there religiously for years.  However, I have noticed in the last year that they are getting inconsistent. Now it seems like a hit or miss with my beloved pork buns. There have been times when the meat is less than half the usual amount, or not its usual juiciness and is downright dry.  Last week was the worse - I bought 5 of these buns and the cashier went to the back to get the "fresh" ones.  I immediately refrigerated them when I got home and looked forward to eating one every morning for breakfast as I have done in the past. Imagine my surprise when the first one tasted a little "different". The second day's bun proved to be even more different before I realized that it was on the verge of being spoiled, euww.  The third day's bun confirmed it.  In the past, these buns would stay fresh and moist the entire week.  I don't know if they knowingly sold buns which were perhaps out overnight or if they didn't know of the spoilage, but I'm done with them!
I have in recent years highly recommended this place as the best bakery in town. The past year's inconsistencies have only proven that they have gotten complacent and lazy and do not care to keep their products fresh or even good. When they used to have an occasional "off" time with the pork buns, I would rationalize that their regular baker must be on vacation or such, and I would invariably return.  This last bout with the spoiled meat did it for me - to have food be occasionally good is definitely not worth my patronage for this trial and error process.  I will again scour the different bakeries in Chinatown in hopes that a new place with delicious baked roast pork buns will be worthy of my devotion.You walk in and you know this is a Taiwanese Bakery.  Just looking at the pastries you know there's fluffy goodness:)
The pastries here are about 10-15 cents more expensive then the first bakery I went into.  But the size and quality more thank makes up for it.  
Cash only, which you should expect in all Asian places.  
One thing I should have got is the coffee!  Almost everyone that walked in gets the coffee with their pastries.  And the old lady behind me told me so :)It's Chinese New Year weekend, and I wanted some GOOD egg tarts, not the disappointing ones we got at another nearby place. I looked at the reviews, and saw that this place had the best ones in town with the flaky crust, so we set out to try their goods.
We took advantage of their buy 12, get 2 free deal and go the following items: 2 egg tarts, 2 1000 year egg tarts, 2 coconut tarts, 2 pineapple buns, 2 sesame balls, 2 butter buns, 1 corn and 1 cheese bun.
Both varieties of egg tarts were good - the crust was perfectly flaky, and the filling was the good custard variety.  One was slightly less sweet and heavier than the other, but neither were very sweet. I actually would have liked them a little sweeter, but they were great as they were.
The sesame balls were the best I've ever had, anywhere!  Perfectly crispy on the outside, and the white azuki bean filling was awesome on the inside along with the outer mochi filling.  
The other buns were also amazing - the dough is perfectly fluffy and sweet, and addictive.  This is our favorite bakery in Chinatown so far - we'll definitely be back!I have been patronizing this bakery for over 4 years. I consider it my go-to bakery for savory Chinese treats. Nearly everything is under $1, so it is very easy to experiment!
My favorites are the seaweed roll (bun with dried beef flakes, seaweed, and a bit of mayo), mango sticky rice, egg roll, and deep fried bun (I forget the name of this, but it is made from tapioca flour and filled with pork, jicama, and mushroom -- so good if you are feeling adventurous). The $2 mini-Vietnamese hoagie is decent. And I like the flat rice noodle/spareribs bowl on the counter.
Finally, I want to point out that there are two types of pork buns -- steamed and baked. If you've only tried baked you are definitely missing out! Ask for steamed -- they are huge, fluffy, sweeter, and in a case behind the counter for $0.75. In my opinion, it is the better version of pork bun. While you're asking to go into the "special case," why not try the glutinous rice, chicken, and mushroom wrapped in banana leaf? It is $1.50 and makes for a light lunch/large snack.
Next time I am there on the weekend I will try their congee and report back!Another solid bakery, but on top of the cheap and delicious baked goods that you'd expect from Philly Chinatown bakeries, there is one more hidden gem at this one: their drinks.
Be sure to ask for ice, because it's not as good if you don't, but I've had three or four drinks here, and they were all top notch, and cheap to boot.  My girlfriend claims that this place has the best red bean smoothie she's ever had in the US, and as a sort of self-proclaimed queen of red bean snacks, I'm inclined to believe her.  I had some and it was definitely much better than most red bean smoothies I've ever had, period.Best bakery in Chinatown. I lived in Chinatown for over 20 years and have tried all bakeries. This is by far the best bakery in the neighborhood. Highly recommend the steamed pork and vegetable bun!I was ordering a bubble milk tea with no ice (because it gets diluted after a while) and the person taking my order walked away mid order, so she asked me again what my order was and I repeated it, and then she looked at me like she was done with me and glared at me, and asked me for my order again. I thought it was fine and excused it because they were busy and it was loud. So she finally took my order and made it wrong and put ice in it. I handed her a ten dollar bill to pay for it, but I noticed it had ice in it, so I just told her that I asked for no ice and she threw my bill back at me and yelled saying, "Did you not want it cold!" So she went back to fix it and another cashier did my change. I regularly go to this bakery, but I will not be doing business here anymore. I kind of excused it because it was busy and loud but the behavior at the end was just straight up rude. The quality of the tea used to be really good, but has started going downhill. I didn't mind still paying for it since it was a good price, but if they're just going to be straight up rude then it's not worth it anymore.My go-to bakery in Philly Chinatown. I once bought dan tats here and had a taste contest among my friends against another friend who bought from another bakery. These dan tats won. Their birthday cakes, other pastries, and bubble tea are also solid too.I happen to stumble here on my way back to my hotel and had a taste for pork buns. They were ok, I think the ones in nyc chinatown taste better. I guess its the way they prepare them.Tied with Greenland Tea House as my favorite tea house in Philly.  Best sesame balls in the world.  Get the coconut milk bubble tea - your life will be complete. :)  Plenty of seating too! A great place to hang out and watch Chinese pop music concerts on their TV (haha).Zhong Gang has decent buns. Their speciaty is this egg green onion bun. Delicious! Their staff need to be nicer though. No one smiles. No one greets you. :( hopefully yhat improves.My mom is obsessed with this place because it's cheap, but I don't quite see the appeal. Yes, everything is cheap..but I just don't think the quality is that great. The pastries and bread that you can buy is fine, but bubble tea here is subpar. I'd rather pay more money for better bubble tea.I've stopped in here a few times, and my experiences have always been fine, though not remarkable. The egg tarts are quite good. But some other goodies, such as the Napoleon, were a bit disappointing. Items are pretty cheap (around $1 per baked good), and the staff is friendly. Zhong Gang is overall a fine bakery in Chinatown, though I'm not sure they have anything better than others in the neighborhood.Oh Zhong!
How i love your HK Milk tea, pork buns, and custard buns...but you disappoint me too many times.
Linda N. introduced me to this spot a few years ago. I've been a convert ever since. I've been coming here on my lunch break for the past year every so often and they are consistent with the HK tea. On some mornings i try to get the pork buns for breakfast as well. However don't count on them being ready in the morning or even at lunch. This goes for all the buns really...on multiple occasions the buns are either not ready or they aren't making anymore. These aren't abnormal times i'm going to either!
The service is chinatown's finest...which means, cash only, order your stuff, pay, get out. No smiles, no frills. I'm totally fine with that type of service. However, i've been burned by the women here on multiple occasions and today was probably the last time i'll be back! (we'll see how long that lasts...they are the only ones that sell custard buns lol). 
I waited patiently in line as the 4 women were helping people IN FRONT of me. I'm literally in front of the counter, yet, a man steps in and the woman takes his order before helping me. That's fine, his order was short...However, another employee finishes, and goes to another lady that came in way after me. I got fed up and just left. This happened a few times in the past but I always let it go, but today was just one time too many for me.The BEST sponge cupcakes in town!  Their egg tarts are very good as well and their bread buns are the best in town too.  I'm so happy I found this place!The best husband/wife pastries and the sponge cakes are so soft and delicious!!! Posting the hours for reference since they close earlier than other bakeriesI had an okay hotdog bun but it was the saddest pork bun I've ever had. Weird color and weird flavor on the pork. 
They were nice, though. 
Cash only.Unlike some of the other Yelpers, I really enjoyed this place.  That being said I did not try the boba.  Instead I purchased a sesame ball, a raisin bun, and an egg tart to go.  
This place doesn't strike me as a sit in and relax spot considering when I went, there were a lot of older men hanging out.  It's probably more of a regular spot for them to come have some dessert and tea in the afternoon.  
It is a very casual, no pressure spot, and I liked that.  And for some reason, even though one could easily find the same stuff elsewhere, there was something about the vibe of this place that made me want to buy from here.  The prices were clearly labeled over the food in the showcase that looked pretty fresh, and the lady behind the counter was friendly and attentive.  
Overall, I spent less than 3 bucks and left with a bag of goodies that all tasted really good.  I'll definitely come back for more.The "cupcake" which I think more to angel food or chiffon cake texture. It's super soft and moist like a pillow. It's smaller compared to other bakeries. It's not too sweet. Highly recommended.
The mochi is big but unfortunately not too much fillings. I won't buy it again.I am so distraught writing this review. Before last night, I would've given Zhong Gang 5 stars but  I just witnessed something that makes me re-think my patronage
ZG is my go-to place for egg tarts and I have a sick obsession with them. I've tried all kinds and I will never get tired of egg tarts. ZG makes theirs consistently and deliciously; the crust is light and flaky; the custard center is smooth, and gelatinous; the overall flavor is just sweet enough. And the best part? It's only 75 cents. I always buy them in bulk, at least 5 at a time and that's just for me. Whenever I start running low, I go back to order and replenish for the next few weeks.
But yesterday as I was preparing to make my habitual batch order for their egg tarts, I noticed a humongous beetle (or was it a cockroach?) crawling across a sweet bun, which was in very close proximity to my beloved egg tarts. For many, this may not be a big deal but as a germaphobe, I was disgusted. I ran out of there fast and never looked back.
Now I'm contemplating whether or not to eat the last 2 egg tarts I've stored in my fridge. I think I'll be in mourning for awhile until I find another bakery that makes cheap, good egg tarts. For now, I'll just make my own.My review is for the Chinese New Year cake. It's the most expensive compared to other bakeries but the best. $8. It's very dense so it reminds me of my childhoodThe cupcake which has the texture of angel food cake is my favorite here, so soft and moist. The buns are a little bit dry compared to other Chinatown bakery.
I came here a day after Chinese New Year and got the Chinese New Year cake (pink and yellow), unfortunately they are dry.Per usual, my family always gets birthday cakes from Asian bakeries.
Recently, it was my mother's birthday so we decided to place an order for a cake here. The process was very painless, and everything was delivered on time and as expected. The ladies working there are very nice!
The only issue I have is just the fact that these cakes are just not comparable to many that I have had before such as from Paris Baguette or Lady M.
Overall, I would still recommend this place for simple birthday cakes that are decent for the price point.So mixed feelings but overall was pleased with the few things I tried. As most have mentioned service is straight forward and cash only as most in the area are. The overall  appearance and offerings are comparable to those in the area. So for the good, the breading on the pastries are fluffy and pull apart easily. I didn't have any of the sense treats but enjoyed the consistency on the crispy butter and pineapple bun. They both were fairly economical around the 1$ price point most others in the area sell for. I think the only disappointment was the pineapple buns had no pineapple filling. In part my fault for not confirming but really wanted some filling with all those that mentioned their positive experiences with those items. I might try to stop in and snag a HK milk tea and possibly some of the cocínate filled buns but even if not glad I found this one on my walk around Chinatown.