We have the doctor for two. The presentation was awesome. The gentleman who cook the duck for us was very informative and entertaining. And the sauce was wonderful.We celebrated Valentine's day a few days early this year....Monday night just isn't a great night for going out....so Saturday night brought us just a short walk from the PATCO to Zinc....with its tiny storefront and cozy (yes, it is small) interior.
We were immediately greeted and our coats taken to a coat closet...good thing...since there would NOT have been room at our table.  The waitress pointed to a table for two towards the back (near the bar) which she didn't lead us to, because she couldn't....good thing I'm skinny!  We shimmied over to our table, sat down, and were offered Pelligrino as soon as we were comfortable.  
The ZINC martini was yummmmy....vodka, gin, and Lilette (a french liqueur, added just a bit of sweetness to my perfectly mixed martini), and my husband enjoyed a Dubonnet.  Our appetizers were divine: lobster risotto with a truffle essence and an egg yolk on top, HUGE chunks of lobster, just a hint of truffle, it was perfect.  My husband had the soup of the day which was a tripe stew with white beans which he really enjoyed.
I had the lamb shank for dinner with a lovely glass of Merlot (they have a nice selection of wines by the glass....) and my husband had the seared scallops....BEST seared scallops I've had in a LONG time...perfectly crunchy seared edges and not overcooked.
We didn't stay for dessert...but next time I will, they looked delicious...especially the apple tart and the bread pudding.
Service was top notch, food flavorful and artistically presented, what a perfect date night :)The best tomato bisque (with fresh dill) ever!!!!  The escargot in a bowl was as good as it gets, served along with grilled bread - so damn good. Mussel's and frites in light cream sauce also exceptional. The chocolate mousse dessert is great but not too rich. 
It's a byob, but on weekends there's a corkage fee, so go during the week and save $$. They also have a liquor license if you prefer no byob.Me and my fiancee have been to Zinc about 5 times in the past 3 years for special occasions. Full disclosure: the restaurant is on the small side and can get quite tight with a full house. For this reason, we usually do an early dinner 5:30~ and usually have no problem with feeling comfortable, room wise. I have ordered the steak frites almost every time I have been there and it out of this world GOOD. I usually ask them to hold the butter though. Chocolate pot de creme for dessert and escargot or pig trotters for starters complete a warm, delicious meal. Service has generally been friendly and well paced. We have never had a bad or average experience at Zinc. We have since moved out of the city but will definitely return here when we return to visit Philadelphia.A perfectly cozy neighborhood french bistro.  It is quite the escape from nearby Locust street.  Zinc has the same wine happy hour that Vintage has, but far less foot traffic.  It has a very calming, delightful feel.  
The menu is diverse . . . with options for everyone, not only french cuisine aficionados.  I appreciate that their entrees come in both large and small plate options.  They do a wonderful cheese plate and vary their cheeses on a regular basis.
Their bottles of wine range from 40 to 100, and glasses 8 to 11, so this meal can be done in an affordable manner.  I think that I have to place Zinc in the same category as Supper . . . a place I tend to forget, but love when I remember.First off, I absolutely love this place. My favorite French Bistro (State side). Had dinner with 6 friends this evening (12Jan2011). Four of us ordered the Canard á la Presse! What a pleasant experience! Justin (Chef du Cuisine) prepared our ducks this evening. not only was it entertaining watching the table-side preparation, but also educational. Chef kindly exchanged conversation with us, answering any questions we had re the process. The end product was amazing. Duck breasts were perfectly medium rare. The sauce that was made from the pressed ducks natural juices and blood, cognac and some duck stock was amazing. The second course, which was the legs and thigh atop a beat and greens salad was good. The legs were a bit tough to eat, but tasty. The thighs were much more tender. Overall... 5-star evening!The food is divine and the service is typically French - sloooow but with a cozy ambiance that makes you feel welcome.  They definitely don't rush you out of here, and I was really impressed when my sister accidentally broke a glass and the waitress chalked it up to good luck in the new year.
We all shared the chef's choice of cheese and charcuterie; for entrees, my bf had the gi-normous steak frites, which is absolutely covered with fries and the steak was made to perfection.  My sister had the duck, which was also cooked to perfection, and I had the poussin au jus which was delicious... and just chicken.  There are many more adventurous plates I could have ordered, and I plan on doing just that when I go back.I really, really, wanted to like this place.  Ended up here because it was darn near empty (only one other couple eating dinner) while Tria was full to the brim.  The drinks were tasty, and the food as well, but the portions were small and quite expensive.  Maybe a nice place to go if your date has a fat wallet?  No complaints, just a place that I wouldn't necessarily go back to.Came on a Sunday night with my unofficial Phildaelphia Dining Party; we wanted to find good French cuisine for a friend's birthday. Zinc is hidden on a quiet street; each one of us have passed by at some point, not knowing what was inside.
It's a cozy, small restaurant with a French bistro feel to it. At first, I was a little worried about our choice since the restaurant was mostly unoccupied. Service was pleasant, friendly, and very helpful. We started off with the Peasant Board (cheeses, liver, pate). Coupled with unlimited bread, this kept the four of us not just easily entertained but also 70% full. 
Steak Frites drew raves for the tenderness of the steak. The chicken was crispy and tender, arriving on a huge mound of potatoes and crispy aliums, and the scallops were (purportedly) also very tasty. To end, we had the chocolate mousse(?) and the apple tart. The latter was really good- thick crust, not too sweet, good sweet/tart top. The chocolate dessert was like a deconstructed tiramisu with ladyfingers and espresso cream. Needless to say, we were incredibly stuffed by the end.
Pleasantly surprised by this unassuming restaurant and its quiet storefront. Definitely on the pricier side of eating out, but well worth it.
Other notes
- the Scallops and Poulet Fermier were 'half-size' portions and still were substantial portions. Not going to complain about that!
- we kept asking for bread, which is why the Peasant Board was so filling. It was nice to dine at a restaurant so generous. At least, the server was really kind about it.Zinc is one of the more authentic French Bistro's in the city. I've eaten there many times, and it is always consistently excellent. Dinner last night was mussels, and a beet and chèvre salad to start. the beets were soft and sweet and paired nicely with the cheese and greens. The main courses were a take on a salad nicoise with a rare tuna filet. The steak frites was perfectly done. Amazing how many places can't get this simple dish right. The house martinis are also worth trying, and they also have a decent wine list too.Excellent food and service! My girlfriend had salmon and I had scallops...both were very good. We were comped an appetizer of escargot, which was served in a succulent sauce. My white Bordeaux wine was a perfect compliment to the meal. My only issue was with our friendly and chatty waiter, who volunteered a bit too much about himself.Great food, disappointing service. Went in on the Saturday before Valentine's day, and the place was totally overbooked and staff overwhelmed. However as a business one should be anticipating this and not over-booking and allowing for parties to sit longer before reserving the same table for another party during times like this. We waited almost 10 minutes past our reservation time before being acknowledge by a staff member who told us we would be seated shortly. We waited a total of 45 minutes. YES 45 minutes past our reservation we were finally seated and by the time the waiter came over to offer us menus it had to be almost another 10 minutes. Once seated we had to bargain with him to at least get a class of champagne on the house due to the ridiculous wait. I have worked in the service industry and if we had a party waiting even more than 15 minutes for a reservation the least we would do is give them a drink on the house, or even at least ask for water. We stood at the entrance for 45 minutes and were not even asked if we would like a glass of water; very poor service. When asked about the food and wine list the waiter was not knowledgable, however he was kind. The food was absolutely delicious and the white wine list had good choices, however the red wine list was lacking. Overall the food was delicious, but when dining at establishments such as Zinc one expects a certain level of service which Zinc completely lacked, very disappointing.A Fantastic French Restaurant!  An affordable and quality-comparable alternative to the always booked Bibou.  
Nice that there is a full bar and authentic French cuisine and drinks as well.  I could see myself going back here frequently just to try everything on the menu.  Service was very good as well - the waiter knew the menu and was able to explain things well and make good suggestions.  
Atmosphere was lovely and the location was very convenient for me (just a few blocks from the 9th/10th St. Speedline stop.I went here a couple friday's ago because I was very impressed with Caribou Cafe who owns Zinc as well so my girlfriend and I gave it a shot.  The place is superlative for a quality date night.  It is very dimly lite even the shabbiest of people could appear half decent looking in this place.  Our server was really incredible, top notch, I thought he was extremely attentive to my girlfriend which is something I love to see.  We both had lobster bisque which was scrumptious and went amazing with the wine I selected.  Our second course was the pumpkin risotto and it was damn pleasing and seriously at that point we were both full and probably should have just stopped there and enjoyed the rest of our wine.  Our entrees were fair, but I seriously loved the soup and thought the risotto stole the dinner.  My girlfriend and I will definitely be back to Zinc because the tranquil ambiance lead to a great romantic dinner of conversation and reminded me how much I love my girlfriend.A good restaurant, but overpriced for what it is. With two glasses of wine each, soup, cheese plate, dinner and one dessert, dinner was $180. That's certainly not unreasonable for Philly. However, at that price point, I expect to be WOWed a bit more than I was. Ultimately the food was good, but not special or notable in any way.One of my favorite dining spots. Quaint, intimate bistro. Authentic cuisine. Friendly service.Went there with a friend a few month ago. Food was good but not the best french restaurant in Philadelphia. Ambiance was nice, not too loud compared to other bistro. Service was quickly and good too. I would definitely go back. The only negative part was that the tables were really close to one another.Meh is right.  The food was so-so.  Most items had ingredients that weren't listed on the menu.  Good thing I'm not really allergic to anything otherwise some things would have been an unpleasant surprise.  Overpriced for what it is.  Mediocre wine list.  
Decor was ok, and the staff was pretty nice, if a little slow.My group of four dined at Zinc on a Friday evening, ready to indulge in a fine French meal. While the food met our expectations, the environment was unclean and my roommate left feeling sick.  
The first sign of unsanitary conditions was a lip stain on my friend's water glass. The next sign was a hair in her duck breast. I should note that the hair was in the vegetables  from the kitchen, not the duck breast prepared table side. The last sign was the most inexcusable. The only person to eat the salmon, my roommate spent her entire night and morning throwing up. 
Hoping to improve their kitchen practices, I left a voicemail on their machine explaining all of the issues we encountered. It has been over a week, yet no response. Whether or not they took my message seriously I do not know. Regardless, we four will definitely not risk food poisoning again.I was ready to sulk in a lonesome evening at home when my friend texted that she had reservations for Zinc but her mom had cancelled on her so she wanted to know if I would come.  Of course I never turn down free food and was grateful for the company.  Knowing this was a fine dining establishment I did put on real pants, which is literally and figuratively a stretch for me but I wanted to attempt to blend in among the upper crust guests.  The entrance way to the restaurant is very bizarrely set up and you feel like you burst into this other worldly corner of the French fine dining sect.  We were surrounded by a very nosey but extravagantly dressed elderly couple and a couple I was positive were on a Seeking Arrangement date.  (Sir, if you're reading this-she was only giving you those googly eyes in hopes that you'd pick up the tab and maybe pay off her Macy's credit card debt.)  We immediately made enemies with the elderly couple, who seemed quite unhappy to hear me run down a list of which of my religious friends smoked weed.  They were probably even less enthused as we continued on with a conversation about the *creative* ways we had been considering making extra cash.  The food itself was artfully presented and tasty.  The waiter was polite and didn't seem to mind that we laughed too loud and drank too much wine.  In the end I quite enjoyed my date to Paris and it was the classlessly classy I've felt all year.This place is absolutely horrible. I will definitely give it a zero-star if there were such options. 
The restaurant is very small and the waitresses insist on keeping the door open - so the whole place is freaking cold. In addition, food comes very slowly. We had estimated a 2-hour meal but ended up extending our parking hours since it  took them one whole hour to serve the food. 
Although the appetizer is pretty good (try to beef tartarte if you even made the horrible mistake of going there), the main dishes are absolutely overpriced and bad. We tried the steak and the lamb - both are disappointing. 
I might not be the best fan for french cuisine.  But it is not worthy it to pay $40 per person to get this kind of food. Everybody deserves better!We had the most amazaing dining experience at Zinc last night.
Love it: 
1. Pressed duck - the chef de cuisine was incredible: very personable, very entertaining and very passionate about his work. The dinner is prepared tableside and is a show and dinner at the same time. Must be tried at least once in your life. Be prepared though - only available Sunday through Thursday, requires 2 days notification and a deposit must be made. The duck breast was one of the best meals of my life. 
2. Ambience and customer service - EVERYONE was incredible, service was knowledgeable and so helpful. They are honest and made excellent recommendations with wine and dessert. 
3. Dessert - all so good. we had the deconstructed tiramisu and the espresso cup of wonderful chocolate/coconut pudding. Sorry, I didn't get the correct names of the desserts. We went based on the recommendations of the chef and the wait staff. We were so pleasantly surprised that I even forgot to take my photos. 
Leave it:
1. Escargot - it wasn't the best I've had and a bit gritty. It would have been the only thing I would not re-order.
Overall:
We cannot wait to become regulars at this restaurant. What a wonderful hidden gem. We will definitely return and probably really soon.I've come to love Zinc Bar.  As other reviewers have said, the atmosphere is charming and comfortable; hip it is not.  The food is fantastic and really reminds me of the cuisine from rural French towns I've visited.  The owners are kind and warm hosts, willing and able to talk about the menu, make suggestions, and create a sense of friendship by the time the meal is over.  
Added bonus: the bar is stocked with a wide variety of French fortified wines and liqueurs that you find at few places around town (or around the country, for that matter).  The owners are creative with their cocktails and generous with their pours.My husband chose this place for our Saturday night "date", and I was skeptical, gotta admit it....but turns out it's a lovely spot with great food. The place is a little cramped to maneuver through...I'm not huge, but not tiny either, and in trying to leave I almost took a table with me!  Scallops were perfectly cooked, delicious. The House Salad (Salade Du Maison) really yummy, and Pot De Creme was a rich, yummy chocolate pudding-ish treat. I had the Prix Fixe meal, those three courses were $32 with a glass of Cotes Du Rhone for $10. Portions not large, but surely adequate and I was full in a good way when we left. Enjoyable and recommended.A foodie friend recommended Zinc to me. I ordered tripe soup, wine based broth was tangy and flavorful but the tripe was tough and tasteless. Also ordered the escargot, tasty and tender with enough sauce for bread dipping. My entree was seared calves liver, potato "Lyonnaise", shallot and sherry vinegar sauce. The vinegar over powered the dish and the liver had a bad aftertaste. I left it on the plate, I ate the spinach and potatoes.  I've had better liver at the local diner and it didn't cost me $24. I don't mind paying good money for great food, but it stings when the meal is lame.My wife, adult son and I had dinner at Zinc on Sunday Dec. 18. We were celebrating my wife's birthday. The food was OK. We all had appetizers. Mine was a smoked salmon dish. The salmon smelled funky, like fish that had been out of the refrigerator too long. I survived. My son and I each had the very small tuna steak with some side vegetables that I can't remember. I asked for my tuna to be done medium rare. It came medium well and smelled a little funky like the salmon. My son ordered the tuna done rare. It was done correctly; seared, rare  in the middle. His tuna smelled OK. We all had dessert. We had no alcohol. Here is the "kicker" the bill was $180 with tax, but before 20% tip; much too expensive for what we were served. Not a good value, especially because we  all agreed that we could have prepared a much better meal for the three of us for a quarter of that cost.This is a very nice, small and quite place for a date or just simply to have dinner. The food is delicious and the server is very nice. I have been coming here for a while and I have always had a very good experience. I recommend this place.Good decor, atmosphere, and service. However, there was a lot left to be desired with the food. The duck did not taste very good because it was very poor quality (very fatty in parts) and the seasoning was weak. The pork lasagne was incredibly greasy as it was doused in oil. In sum, a French restaurant that can't get its duck entree right isn't worth your time (and money).What a fantastic restaurant! Upon walking in the dining area was elegant, intimate, and just superb. Our server was a nice gentleman who was very cordial and very helpful. I ordered the Prix Fixe, it was just incredible. I had a salmon salad for the appetizer which was light but very tasteful. For the entree, I had a perfectly cooked pork chop with spinach and potatoes, so incredibly flavorful. For my Prix Fixe dessert, the waiter brought out two portions, an extra one for my date and one for me. It was a decadent chocolate mousse with creme and cinnamon that was delicious. Those tiny gestures go a long way, and I know that we'll be back again soon. Highly recommend for an intimate and serene date night!Had a wonderful dinner of Pressed Duck last night at Zinc.  Chef Salvatore Iannitto prepared the meal table side.  It was fabulous to watch, every patron had a wonderful time watching the presentation but we actually got to experience the fabulous dinner.  A wonderful 3 hour dinner.  Will absolutely return again.Comfortable...thats how I would describe Zinc...the food, the space, the entire experience. I went there last night for my anniversary. The food was good, and to the best of knowledge authentically French. The fixed price restaurant week menu was pretty skimpy...I hadn't given much thought to what would be on it before making reservations and was disappointed with the limited selection. Instead, I ordered a la carte, and got a salad which was just ok, and a scallop entre which was excellent. My boyfriend ordered from the four course menu, and his meal was good. If I hadn't picked off his dinner and desert, I might have been less than full though, since the portions were smallish. The waitress was very nice and the service attentive. I was torn about whether to give it fours stars.....three won out however. I think the mitigating factor was that they charged us 6 dollars for a 1 liter bottle of Fiji. I wanted to order wine but didn't because what I liked was 9 dollars a glass, the cheapest being 8. Maybe three weeks ago I wouldn't have thought much of it, but I just got back from Greece where a 1.5 liter bottled water for the table is 2 euros, and a half liter of delicious wine (three or more glasses) is 3.50 euros. Even with the exchange rate against us, it was still way cheaper than at Zinc. I don't know, maybe I'm becoming more frugal and those are just standard Philly prices in comparable restaurants, but it isn't a good value to order a 9 dollar glass of wine when an entire bottle of good wine costs that at any liquor store. Just a thought. Overall it was pleasant, and we had a nice dinner.I found Zinc to be a bit too pricey.  But the skate fish and the calves liver were real good.   Their signature salad was also excellent.  But for $93 for small portions, it's a bit expensive.   
The service was good but, as I mentioned, I removed a star for the price.I am between 3 and 4 stars on this place. The hanger steak is OK, the salmon terrine appetizer---so-so, but the desserts are unquestionably great. The chocolate marquis is probably the best chocolate dessert in Philadelphia and the pear tarte is also outstanding. If I come back it will be for dessert.Great food and friendly service. BYO in the summer.
The escargots are wonderful. A tad salty, but smothered in a delicious tomato based sauce.
Tried a blood sausage appetizer and it was great! I was so surprised how flavorful and delicious it was.
Steak and fries was excellent. Steak was well cooked and tender. Lovely, crisp fries.
Scallops were well cooked and a good portion. Lovely balanced flavors.
For dessert we had some sort of chocolate mouse with an espresso cream. Quite heavy, but very rich and delicious. 
Great little french restaurant that I will definitely visit again.Dined during restaurant week and had nice indoor at window seating.  Very small space, nicely French bistro style.   Delicious pate appetizer, perfectly cooked medium rare steak (hangar?) with crispy frites.  Dessert an exprsso cake that packed a punch )no after dinner coffee needed!)
Three of us shared a bottle of champagne and individual wine - didn't feel bad splurging as the meal was a deal.
My only complaint is the serious gnat problem.  They seemed everywhere.
The food and atmosphere are a delight.  Off beaten path and steps above similar nearby bistrosThe food here is good. I came here with my boo and we had the pate, the French Onion soup, moules frites, and the Cassoulet. I especially liked their French Onion soup. Its a small restaurant, which seems like it would be a BYOB, but they have a full bar and even their own label of brut sparkling wine. Nothing really wowed me though, which is a shame because I was really hoping to find that perfect little French bistro nearby to be my regular go-to place.They don't use a reservation service, so you have to leave a voice mail with your reservation time and phone number.
Then, they don't check their voice mail and call you until it's too late for you to make another reservation if they don't have the time you wanted. So you're left holding the phone and wondering why you ever got involved with these dinosaurs.So we walked in and we were the youngest people there , besides the waitstaff, sigh (we are early 40's, everyone was 60-70).  Well, the food was delicious! My husband got the liver for an appetizer to share (it's a main). YUM! Use the crunchy hot bread with it. My 13 year old daughter, yes you read right, got the goats cheese something or other, looked like large a beggars purse, and it was so good! She was fighting us off. For the main we actually all got the same thing, don't hate... steak frites. The steak was absolutely one of the best I've had in a long time. Perfectly cooked. My husband felt the fries were overdone, I liked them, so I guess to each their own. For dessert we got the almond tart. It was good. I wouldn't get it again. But the best part was the butter cookies that came with the bill. We raved about them so much that the waitress put some in a to go box for us. That was so nice! It's the little things sometimes. Despite being the youngest ones there, we would come back again and bring friends who appreciate good food.I never write reviews, I read them all the time, but never write them. I have worked food and beverage for 20 years.  Zinc stands alone. No other resturant in the city, and mind you this is my profession, has the charm, intimacy, and quality of this place. It seats about thirty, tops. The food is offered in small or large plates, which is perfect for me because I like to taste as many things as I can. Starters... Goat cheese salad wrapped in brick over paper thin beets, pork belly so crisp and tender it melts on your fork, and ofcourse, escargot. Mains... I love the skate sauteed over purée with green veg, the calves liver and the steak frites with frites so flavorful it is asthough they grow and the potato out back and jullienne it to order. Pot de creme, apple tart, cheesecake all excellent, and I know my sweets. But the best part is that even though this spot has the feel of a byob, it has a full bar. Ask Josh to make you a cocktail to start. Then explore the incredible and reasonable all French wine list... Best small wine list in the city. Make a reservation, it's small... Next up I am going to try the duck press dinner for two, cooked table side for $70 total.... See you there!For my 25th review, I was waiting for a chance to share my experience at Zinc, a small bistro south of Locust Street in City Center. I've had a lot of great meals in Philadelphia, Amada, El Vez, and frequent visits to Han Dynasty topping the list. Nonetheless, Zinc is the best overall experience I've had at a Philly restaurant, bar none. 
Straight A's across the board here. I'm a self-proclaimed foodie, borderline obsessive and not so easily impressed. My mother's worse. She has taken courses at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris and tends to rate impressive restaurants as either 'decent' or 'nice.' At Zinc, we were all blown away. The wine selection was perfect, matched well through a recommendation by our friendly and knowledgeable waitress. My father, in his zeal, claimed it was the best-cooked steak he'd ever eaten. From seafood to land fare, from red wines to white, there were no complaints from any party. My girlfriend ordered the scallops, which were seared to perfection and presented wrapped in bacon (no complaints there, as you can imagine). 
I've said it before and I'll say it again, it's the small things that take a restaurant from good to great. Attention to detail. A selective, appropriate wine list. An attenuated menu that highlights the strengths, not the mediocrities, of the chef's abilities. A staff that knows exactly what they're doing and an employer who finds those kind of people. A setting that knows what it is and what it isn't. A nouveau American style with shiny chrome table tops, Zinc is not. It is a bistro, a small place with thirty tables or so. Naturally, reservations are recommended, if not required, particularly on a weekend. Because of all these things, and even more, Zinc is a special, special place in Philadelphia. 
As a last note, please don't throw this in the ring with a Stephen Starr restaurant. If you want to spend a lot of money and get treated like VIPs, there might be a better option for an evening. For a low-key date night that's more about the food than the bells and whistles, I can't imagine a better, more intimate spot. Go with tempered expectations; it's a bistro, after all. Focus on the food, and on your date (or friends, or what have you). It doesn't have famous margaritas or American portions. It's all just right: ideal temperature, ideal service, ideal setting.I really liked Zinc.
My wife and I went in for a casual date night.  Zinc is not large so I'd recommend a reservation for a weekend evening.  It was quite, about half-packed so we got to sit right down.  Our waitress was very friendly, which is a nice thing.  It looked like they were light staffed, so your waitress/waiter may likely be serving, making coffee drinks or working the bar, as they did when we were there.  We did go on an off night, and our service was excellent - just thought I'd note it.  
I ordered the sol dish and my wife ordered a skirt steak - both were absolutely delicious.  Sol is a very light fish so I didn't expect my dish to taste fishy but the sauces and accompaniments made the meal perfect. 
After meal treats were good as well.  My cappuccino was nicely done and the crumble dessert was sweet and hit the spot.  My wife ordered a chocolate brick (as it looked).  Again, both were terrific.
The portions aren't huge but I left full and very happy.We went to Zinc before seeing a play at WST. It is right around the corner and v convenient. Thankfully we arrived at 6 before an 8 pm show. Service was so painstakingly slow all we ended up having time for was 2 courses   We were lucky to get our check and get out the door in an hour and 45 minutes. Also, the space is very small and my husband sat with his back to a restroom door. He said from time to time he got a whiff of bathroom scent. Another weird thing was the actual menu had changed but the printed copies weren't updated. I order chicken breast rolls around mushroom mousse with risotto and got a perfectly lovely roasted chicken with potato croquettes and asparagus instead. It was good but not what I ordered and was so starving by the time it came I didn't dare say a word. The pâté crusted with pistachios along with a glass of sparkling rosé was a highlight for me. The other three companions had bouillabaisse and loved it.  I'd think twice before returning.This is one of my favorite Philly restaurants. The atmosphere is great, the food is typically perfect, and the service is very attentive. I would take any out-of-towner here to show them how great the Philly restaurant scene can be.The ambiance was very cute and comfortable. However, the food was okay. Had the staple dishes that are served in France, but flavor was nothing extraordinary. We ordered three appetizers: The escargot, the goat cheese salad and the pate maison. The goat cheese and escargot was quite flavorful and delicious. Pate not so much. Entrees we ordered were scallops, steak with fries, and quail. All of the entrees were ok with the exception of the steak with fries. That dish was perfect. The dessert we ordered included the apple tart with the addition of ice cream on top, and the bread pudding. The apple tart was good, bread pudding was ok. All in all, this place is comfortable and cute, but food was ok.Went with a friend for after-work drinks/snacks on a warm day and really enjoyed sitting outside at Zinc. We had a nice plate with some pate & cheeses, tasty drinks, and friendly service. You're moving up in my world, Zinc!Yelp has a few mistakes on this listing, so lets start there:
1. Zinc is not open until 11pm. Week days, until 9:30 pm. Friday & Saturday until 10:30pm. 
2. Not BYOB every day of the week. Only BYOB on Sundays
3. They now have the Fall menu and Yelp only lists the Summer menu. 
I walked in tonight at 9:20pm, thinking they closed at 11:00pm. The chef and server were super accommodating and let us dine, and did not rush us one bit. We didn't walk out of the restaurant until after 11pm. I really appreciated that. I've worked in restaurants before and having people walk in 10 minutes before you close, with a full bottle of wine they intend to drink, means you are staying late...on a Wednesday night. I cannot be more grateful for their warm welcome considering the situation. 
Food:
Potato and leek soup is a must. Its simply incredible. 
Steak Frites: get the steak medium rare. I made the mistake of doing medium. A little bloodier would have been better. Comes with very yummy french friends and salad. 
Scallops and sea bass - delicious. Cauliflower puree is a nice side dish, matches well with the surf and surf. 
Asparagus - great! They change up the vegetable so this may not be available when you go. 
Dessert: we had the apple tart. I LOVED it. Apple tart with almond crust. yum yum yum.
Overall, great spot. I suggest going during odd hours because the place is tiny, and if people are slowly drinking a bottle of wine, you will be waiting a long time for a table.One word: incroyable (unbelievable).
The décor reminds you of a Parisian bistro- quaint, quiet, secluded and complete with a full service bar that features everything from signature cocktails to exquisite French wines.
The menu features both traditional and non traditional French dishes- everything we had was executed with perfection. We started with the wild mushroom ragout that was stuffed in a pastry puff. The parsley mixed with the sherry made an unforgettable typical French dish. We also ordered the escargots and goat cheese tart- the tart came with roasted golden and red beets as well as a salad garnish which were very refreshing. The escargots was a heavy heavy portion of food- one of the biggest appetizers we had. The taste was unbelievable. 
My dinner entrée far exceeded my expectations. I ordered the special for the evening: a roasted rack of lamb nestled on top of polenta, snow peas, lima beans and green beans and finished with a balsamic reduction. This meal hands down was the best one at the table. My mom ordered the moules frites.- mussels and fries (fries are amazing, topped with parsley), my sister ordered the scallops that topped cauliflower puree and Brussels finished with a blood orange gastrique (so unique and tasty), and her boyfriend ordered the cassoulet (nice presentation, unfortunately didn't taste).
This restaurant was moderately priced, what else is nice is they have a smaller portion option as well which will give you a few extra bucks in your pocket. 
The staff is equally as wonderful: attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. They did everything to make our experience memorable. Even giving us a comp'ed glass of wine when my sister knocked hers onto the ground. 
We will be back again.They called me at 4p to confirm a 630p reservation.  Kinda weak, right?  But our food more than made up for it.  We ordered:
  fromage plate - I loved it.
  steak frites - delish!  but under cooked for med. rare  it was well seared but raw in the middle, didn't want the fries 'cause, well...
  stuffed pork - very good!  the sausage almost steals the show from the grape reduction
    Scottish salmon - this is the best salmon i have ever had, so tender it flaked before you picked up the fork
   Bread pudding - Hell yeah!  I love the combination of flavors here.
   If the reservation system didn't stink and my steak was as perfect as the salmon they would have all five stars.Ive been here twice but dont think Ill return.  The best thing here is the cheese/fruit plate and the st. jaques scallops wrapped in bacon. Ive eaten in over a dozen restaurants in France and have a pretty good idea of authentic FRENCH food - the food at Zinc is not it. Dinner for 2 is about $100 (inc wine, appetizer, meal and dessert).I loved this little French restaurant. So glad I went there before reading the reviews here, as I was surprised how lacking in enthusiasm many of them were. 
We shared the grilled octopus and the escargot appetizers and they were wonderful. We also shared the large portion of the excellent scallops entree. I had the amazing chief's martini. I would return, even if the food had been lackluster, just for that martini. It one one of the best cocktails I have ever had. I will warn you not to have two of them . They are very strong. 
We anticipate returning often and trying the rest of the menu.I have never been disappointed at Zinc.  Never rushed, recommendations are always spot-on, and the wait staff is occasionally high.  Dark 'n' small.  Cheerz it.It was a nice cozy place, romantic and comfortable. The food was French, if you want the Duck please order 2 days in advance!!  I had the Bass it was  perfect. the Wife had the Steak it looked amazing.. I'm not big into the French portions , but overall it was amazing food.Slightly off the beaten path, but worth checking out.  The food is moderately to over priced for what you get but I like the atmosphere and the staff were really friendly.  Hanger steak was pretty good, but probably priced too high for the cut.  French onion soup had a different flavor that I can't say was better than worse (or maybe it over-cooked as it was significantly more caramelized than I am used to).  Overall I would go back, but only if parents were picking up the bill.We made a last minute reservation here for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised. The restaurant reminded me of a typical french restaurant you'd see in Paris. Staff was friendly food was great. We got salmon carpaccio, potato leek soup, escargot, steak and frites, and sea bass for the table. Everything was excellent and exceeded our expectation. Unfortunately they don't serve pressed duck on Friday and Saturday but we'll be coming back for it in the near future.A  new French bistro anyone?  I met an ex-boyfriend out for drinks and dinner last night, which is a pretty scary endeavor no matter where you eat, but I must say that Zinc (a little 20-seat place with a bright blue facade) was the absolute perfect setting.
Zinc Bistro A Vins is owned by the same man who owns Caribou Cafe at 12th & Walnut, but this place brings a totally different flavor: classic understatement and traditional French elements, such as the hundred-year-old fully restored bar!
As the name suggests, wine is the specialty and we caught up sipping a nice, light Muscadet and perusing the menu, which carries everything from red meat to these spectacular diver sea scallops sauteed in a reduction made with mushrooms, endive and shallots.  You can guess that's what I had.  No creme brulee on the dessert menu, however, but try one of the warm tarts - you can't go wrong.  
Looking out the window of this place, in this quiet part of Center City, I felt like I was wrapping up a Summer visit to Paris and not looking forward to flying back home...by the PATCO high speed line!  
It wasn't romantic for me (I did say EX-boyfriend), but take a date to this place -- perhaps a first date -- but PLEASE know your way around a wine list!Disappointing food, limited menu, cramped quarters.  Altogether "meh."  We went the weekend before Valentines Day 2012.  We went b/c we heard it was a romantic casual french bistro.  If you are in the mood for communal dining, it's ok, but romantic, definitely not.  Tables inches from eachother (literally elbow room) do not make for a romantic meal, especially when your adjoining guests are loud-talkers.   I ordered the classic french frisee salad with lardons (thick bacon) and a poached egg on top, to start.  When made right, it's awesome - - like a perfect BLT (sans T) with rich egg yolk.  This salad's lardon's were literally lard-like---soft, thick, fatty pieces of bacon --not crisp like they should be.  And the dressing was some wimpy, nondescript oily sheen.  So pathetic, such a poor start to the meal.  My entree was skate -- they had 3 seafood entrees to choose from, salmon, scallops and skate -- not a big selection.  The skate was ok, but not memorable, and I don't think I need to eat skate again.  My husband had the lamb shank.  It was tender and falling-off-the-bone, but lacked depth of flavor.  You can do alot with a lamb shank at home in a crock pot with some red wine, rosemary and garlic, so basically it was not that impressive.  The chocolate bread pudding dessert was warm and chocolately as it should be --if the first 2 courses weren't so lame, the bread pudding would have put a great finish to the meal.  The waitresses' french accents were nice.  But all in all, this was a one and done.Just left because the only waiter on duty had a very obvious cold, including runny nose. I've survived flu season and didn't care to pay for a meal with a side of flu.Zinc is a gem. The food was excellent--authentic french food without any unnecessary frills. The waitstaff was pleasant and friendly, but not annoyingly attentive (something most waiters haven't quite pinned down in my experience). 
This was an all around great experience, and would certainly recommend to anyone. I'll certainly be returning!I went to Zinc a few months ago & found it solid but forgettable.  It was fine but unexceptional.
For an appetizer, I tried the pig's feet which were tender, heavy, and not super flavourful. They were okay.
For the main course: Scallops were cooked right with a good texture, but were too salty.
For dessert, I had a somewhat disappointing fruit tart (apple) -- the pastry was coarse rather than flaky.  I also tried a bite of the marquise mousse chocolate cake, which was better -- it was light, silky & rich.
The food is somewhere around 3 or 3.5 stars. Nothing was so good or tasty that it made me want to eat it again.
Service was good. Nice ambience.I love coming to zinc. Every time I have dined here I am treated like family. The food is fantastic. Even being a vegetarian there are lots of options to choose from. Also, the atmosphere of the small restaurant transports you to a small cafe in Paris. Can't wait to go back.I went here with friends who really like it, partially because it would be quiet enough to talk.  I liked the intimate atmosphere.  We had a Chef's Martini, which I enjoyed with a splash of lime juice. My friend told me that she always orders the calve's liver, and since I love it, I ordered it too. Oddly, and not a good sign for the restaurant, hers was very undercooked - parts almost raw - and mine was very overcooked. We were so busy talking, and the waiter didn't come to ask how everything was, so we didn't send it back. However, I also had the steak tartare, and it was among the best I"ve had.  That was a treat!We ordered Risotto and escargots for appetizer; Skate with brussels sprouts  and their special pork chop and finger potatoes and asparagus. 
The Pumpkin Risotto was great. Instead of mashed up the pumpkin with risotto, they cut into small bites. very tasty. Escargots was okay, I had better somewhere else. I think they try to add all different flavor into the sauce and that become overwhelming. 
Pork chop was cool but a little dry. the finger potatoes was super smoky that I couldn't finish all... but overall this is a nice dish. I really their Skate. It done just right and the brussels sprouts were not soft like most restaurants usually do. the whole dish was just great and really enjoyable. 
So my fav two are the pumpkin risotto and the skate. Since they are season dishes, I would suggest go before is gone. ( all of them we ordered are not in their online menu)
Waitress has very good knowledge of wine if you have any questions of what to order...which I think is very important to all the restaurants today. 
The only weird thing in the end was that our waitress asked for cash tips and we didn't realized until we signed and tipped. It was weird to me but I guess since we are the only few tables ( I think three total including ours), getting cash was probably faster for her...A big fan. 4.5 stars. I've walked by this bistro on the way to work or school every day for 3 years, and I'm embarrassed to say that I've never stopped in until last night. I can't say why, perhaps my obsession with Asian food always takes priority? But I really do love a good French bistro now and then, and this, my friends, is one of them. 
First things first - the wait staff is very kind - not cloyingly so, but extremely professional and well-versed on the food. Also, they bring out warm "batons" (mini-baguettes) to start the meal...WARM! What a *perfect* way to start dinner in my book. Oh did I mention they were warm? 
For an appetizer, we split a breaded fish/potato concoction with artichokes (I am totally blanking on the name of the specific dish). It was good, although it was overdressed with the sauce, which was mayo-based (not a huge fan). 
For dinner, I had the Lancaster roasted chicken with green beans and mashed potatoes...can I just say that it was heaven on a plate? It was so beautifully cooked, there was nothing I would change about it. My mouth is watering as I'm typing...
Dining companion had the special, which was a lamb shank with couscous. It was good, but I was so over the moon about my dish I didn't really pay it too much attention. 
I will so be back . . . this place is a little oasis in the middle of 11th street. Also, I'm curious about their cheese plates.Had a very  nice dinner at Zinc Bistro a Vins "Zinc Restaurant and Bar" (246 South 11th St. - Philadelphia, PA 19107) last night. The food and service, excellent. As starters, my dining partner and I shared the Escargots "Pastis" served in puff pastry and Charcuterie Maison - House paté - Rillettes -Salad and condiments,. The charcuterie maison was good, house pâté was nicely prepared as was the rillettes- a delicious earthy chunky spread. The escargots "pastis" were very nice as well - 6-escargot atop puffed pastry in a pool of buttery, garlicy, sauce with paper thin almonds, the escargot were perfect/tender. For entrée, I chose to have the wild mushroom "risotto" and a crock of soupe à l'oignon gratineé "French Onion Soup" perfect for a cold evening meal! Both were prepared perfectly. My dining partner ordered the fish special which was excellent. 
It's a very small intimate bistro. They offer small plate options of their entrées. Nice wine, aperitif and beer selection as well...Oh and the bread pudding is definitely recommended!!! For drinks, I recommend the House Martini (vodka, Campari and Cointreau)! For dinner I chose the Beaujolais and my dining partner, Muscadet. 
Very quaint, intimate space. reminded me of my travels across France/ Europe, dining in bistros, small family run restaurants....Great find! I loved the serving size option. I had the right amount of delicious food. Nicely done Zinc. Nicely done.Came here for my after birthday dinner celebration with the fi, and even though it was a Friday night, we were the only two people there. Which, from what I've heard, is rare, but I loved it! The waitress was so nice and good service always add to the experience of trying a new place (duh!). Anyway, real cute place, we didn't even feel like we were in Philly and I would love to go back soon.Hard to review a restaurant that really didn't get a chance to perform. We arrived at 7:40 for our 7:45 reservation and saw a chaotic atmosphere. Small restaurant with very little organization. 
Pushed us to a table for two while trying to manage a group of 5 and an incoming reservation for 7.
When we got to our table there was nothing on it and no one even came to give us menus. After about ten minutes the hostess sat the table for five and then proceeded to give them menus. Still no waiter no setups or menus at our table. Decided to leave because it was obvious the we weren't valued to them - felt unimportant.
Restaurants need to realize that I have many, many options and it's all about the experience. This restaurant intrigued us because of their menu and we were excited to try it but Our first impression led us to believe that even if the food was good We would not have best experience here so we moved on. 
Btw - we ended up at Caribou where the experience and the food was great.Just had a delicious dinner courtesy of Chef Kevin. Seafood was fresh, sauces were savory, everyone enjoyed their meal. We will be back.I loved the name of this year old restaurant, and as a devoted fan of French cooking, I was looking forward to trying it out.  Before going to the Forest Theatre one night, this location was perfect, as it is just around the corner, so I dragged the wife and another couple, and we were all hugely impressed.
This is a true French bistro.  If you block out the language and the Philadelphia location, I could believe that I was in the Marais or the left bank of Paris.  The small bar in the rear was right out of the Paris books, and the menu was a delight.  I need to start with the drinks, because they are inventive and delicious.  They have absinthe (a favorite of mine), but I am not a fan of the Swiss brand they carry.  Another choice would have been a good touch.  But the special mixed drinks were copious and delicious.
The menu and the specials were inventive and a challenge to any good kitchen, but the chef was in top form.  I have to recommend the lobster rissoto, which far surpassed any rissoto I have ever had.  The pates were all excellent, although the special ravioli were much too bland.
I had a calves liver, which I hardly ever order, and this was the only dish of the night that failed.  Cut too thick and of questionable provenance, I returned it to the kitchen, which they took back without any protest, and I replaced it with an excellent hanger steak and perfect frites.
This is not a cheap meal, but the prices reflect the quality and care of the kitchen and the staff.  For a short escape to the Parisian boulevards, you cannot go wrong with this fine restaurant.Ever had a massive craving for an awesome steak-frites to just rip into with a nice glass of red? This is the place to satiate such a desire!
Delicious and well-portioned with a calm and intimate atmosphere. Perfect for a late weekday dinner with a friend! 
Ambiance: Small and cozy. Makes you feel like you are tucked away in a little Parisian bistro. Would not recommend for large groups, I could see it being tight.. plus the noise level could definitely go up..
Service: Casual and accommodating. Not super attentive but it was great for taking a meal at your own pace. 
Food: Braised pork belly for an appetizer and steak-frites for our main = Happy Mouths - Happy Tummies. The pork belly was succulent and the salty pork juxtaposed perfectly with the sweet corn base. The steak frites comes in two portion sizes - so you can order accordingly. The steak was perfectly medium rare; tender and juicy. Accompanied with a healthy portion of fries - we could not be more satisfied!
Drinks: They have a decent wine list in bottles and I appreciate that they do offer an array of wines by the glass. However I wouldn't come here for their by-the-glass selections though TIP: Do ask them if they have any other by-glass wines available! 
I'll be back here to enjoy a nice wind-down meal!This was a lovely little spot with an excellent menu. I'd call it approachable French. Our server was attentive and charming, but didn't hover. The short, accessible wine list is a great start, and the food is to die for. I opted for the chef's tasting menu (available each summer only) and was delighted. Scallop minced, mixed with herbs and baked in the half shell over wilted spinach, then a lamb paparadelle with a gorgeous sauce, and pot du creme for dessert. My fiancé opted for a mixed green salad with a ball of baked goat cheese on top followed by a beautiful New York strip with truffle sauce. A strawberry white chocolate cake rounded out her meal. 
Zinc is exceptional in it's service and execution. When you're in the mood for true French cooking without the pretense, this is the spot. We will be back for sure to try the pressed duck.We were not impressed with Zinc. The food was very mediocre for the prices and not flavorful. We were so looking forward to a French-inspired restaurant, but even the service was bland and uninformative about the menu. Totally unmemorable and would not re-visit.Great place.  Best French I have had in the City.  Small, rustic, not Parisian by the way.ZINC = The best french food in this city. period. hands down. no arguments. 
The atmosphere is incredible. It kind of feels like you are actually in Paris at a neighborhood bistro (aside from asshole Frenchmen laughing at you for being American). 
The hubs made a reservation for 8 on a saturday night and we were seated almost immeadiatley. Aside from having the most obnoxious table of 8 right next to us, we had ourselves an incredibly enjoyable evening.
John started out with the pork trotters which were just melt in your mouth delicious. Fried, but very lightly and just incredibly delish. I had the escargot, which were served in a butternut squash and hazelnut sauce and just fantastic.
For mains we had Liver and Sweetbreads, both of which were insanely delicious and just fresh! 
The atmosphere was superb: our service was excellent, and we made friends with the two lovely patrons sitting next to us.
On top of that, it is so romantic. It is a great place to feed each other spoonfulls of chocolate mousse and drink champagne and revel in the glory of your wonderful life together. 
xoCame here with 5 friends and had a decent, but not amazing, experience. The restaurant itself is quite small, which is good if you're looking for a cozy place, but it was a Friday night so it got really crowded really fast. Our waitress seemed to be handling too many tables so the service was quite slow. And also, since the restaurant was so crowded, she had a hard time getting to our table. I ordered the pork which was ok, nothing special. If I were to return, I'd probably come with a smaller party.Went here last week and totally forgot about it already until seeing the name pop up elsewhere and deciding to write a review.  That should tell you something.
Came here around 7:15 on Wednesday - not at all crowded and had a nice seat by the window.  No complaints about being cramped whatsoever.  Cute place.
The service was spotty at best - seemed like a new waitress so don't want to bash the girl as she was nice enough, just fumbled her words, didn't really know the menu too well.  Said the larger steak frites were a 7oz portion of steak; when it came out it was WAY bigger.  Not a bad thing but showed lack of knowledge, would've gotten the smaller if we knew this.  A 2 out of 5 there, but maybe it was a weak crew.
Food...the steak frites were nice.  Nothing special but a good size portion and cheaper than most other French spots in the city.  I actually had to ask my girlfriend today what I ordered because I forgot.  She tells me I got some kind of beef (boeuf).  Honestly don't remember a thing about it good or bad.  Shared some asparagus as an appetizer that was pretty good - had a poached egg on it.
All in all solid, yet unremarkable.
Oh also the prix fixe is chosen by the chef each day, so ask your waitress what it is since it's not really explained anywhere.  Just didn't like one of the options that day so chose not to opt for this, although would be a good deal potentially.I heard a lot of good reviews about this place so I was very excited to try it. I want to give this place at least 4 stars, but I wouldn't be very honest. 
The Pressed Duck requires at least a two day notice, however I tried calling on Monday to come in Wednesday evening not knowing they were closed, but they returned my call and the person I spoke to said the chef was okay, and had a duck available. Thumbs up for that accommodated one day notice. 
As I read some reviews before I dined, & before writing this, this place is really small. I did and did not expect it. I enjoyed the nice small French Bistro ambience, I do feel sorry for those who could not enjoy it due to their improper scheduling, for this is a restaurant you really wanna sit and enjoy everything from their food, wine, and ambience, and just relax. About 2 or hours, depending on how many guests. 
It was a Wednesday evening, there were two tables of a 5 and 6 top, and two other couples dining before I arrived, and only one waiter. My dinner date had arrived before me, so our table was set with the chilled wine, glasses of water, with some bread and butter. I guess I can't complain the waiter didn't attend to my table at all until the appetizers came out. 
We had the Pâté and the escargot, both very delicious! The best pâté and the escargot soup was flavorful and the snails cooked very well. As we were eating that, the Chef had came out to let us know the duck was going to be ready to be prepared for us soon. 
The process of the pressed duck was entertaining, and the chef was very informative of what we were about to eat and how he exactly he was preparing it in front of our table. As seen in other photos on Yelp, I did not take a photo of pressing process. The chef, Sal, is Irish, spoke very well for his passion of work. 
The first part of the duck, with the sauce he makes from pressing the duck, was good, but not really what I expected. Maybe it was because we requested a day late, we were served a poor quality duck? The chef and waiter seem to really love the secret duck sauce, but I thought it was a bit salty and overpowering. He poured it all over the duck, so I didn't get that "crispy" skin he explained to us we would have from the breast. Nor could I taste just the duck. 
The next part of it was supposed to be the remaining of the legs, thighs, and wings over a salad, as seen in some photos here on Yelp, so I did not take a photo, but I did not like this part at all! I couldn't chew the duck off from the bone, and the meat was very dry! The pork sauce was more like a candy flavor, so I was not a fan of it. But their salad dressing was good. I felt like I paid $80 for the art of making the duck, instead of the duck itself. 
Finally, we also got some scallops and salmon. The scallops tasted fresh, and the Salmon was cooked perfectly! I wish I just stuck with ordering that, as I was unimpressed with the duck. Nice presentation and experience, but will not be ordering the duck again. 
My dinner date had to leave me early, the chef served me a complimentary chocolate mousse expresso dessert that was a wonderful compliment to everything I had just eaten. 
Overall, it was a good experience, but not the best. I really did not like the waiter. He didn't wait on me that often, and as it is a small restaurant, and I observed how he was waiting the other tables and it wasn't top notch. The photo of my duck looks better than it tastes.it's a lil expensive side or because it's french :D 
Do order: salmon, scallop, pork chop (not as great as Chinese Style but less greasy) 
Do not order: oysters :D my friend told me they were not great :D 
Love: very cozy and cute. the staffs are very kind.We went this past Saturday, November 5th, with my son who is in college in Philadelphia.  We all loved it!  It is the quintessential French Bistro, just exactly what we were looking for.  Small, cozy, but the mood was festive and the staff were friendly and attentive but not hoovering.  We started with country pate, the special chicken liver pate and wild mushrooms en croute.  All delicious.  We followed with steak frites and lamb shank and, although we rarely do, we finished with dessert because everything else was so yummy we couldn't resist.  Chef Nina was cooking on Saturday and we were lucky enough to meet her.  Turns out she is a fellow New Yorker so we had a nice chat about places she worked in NYC.  She seemed happy to meet us and have us there.  This will definately be "our restaurant" in Philadelphia because the food, setting and service were exactly perfect.  We eat out a lot and at a full spectrum of places from Per Se to our local ethnic and we loved this classic French bistro and felt it was right up there in terms of quality.  We will be back next time we are in town.Cramped quarters, noisy and the slowest service I've had in some time. Had to ask if there were any specials (there were) and a chef who thought rare, medium rare and medium  were all the same thing. The potato leek soup was delicious, so there was that. Might have liked dessert but nobody in our party wanted to invest the time.